BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq awarded a lucrative oil contract to BP and China National Petroleum Corp. , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said Wednesday , while rejecting other companies ' offers for other oil fields . BP and China National Petroleum Corporation have won a lucrative oil contract in Iraq . The joint BP-CNPC bid was for the al-Rumeila oil field , one of the largest in the world . The energy companies are expected to increase production at the oil field by 50 percent , to 285,000 barrels a day , for a service charge of $ 2 for each additional barrel produced , al-Dabbagh said in a statement . The Iraqi government rejected bids for five other oil fields and a natural gas field because the bidders did not agree to the service charge set by the Ministry of Oil , he said . The Ministry of Oil rejected the idea that the failure to award more than one contract made the much-anticipated auction a flop . Iraq did not say how much the BP-CNPC bid was worth . It runs for 20 years . Oil Minister Hussein Shahrastani chaired the government-sponsored auction for the oil and natural gas field contracts Tuesday , after a day 's delay due to a sandstorm . Much of the auction was broadcast live on state television , which Ministry of Oil spokesman Assem Jihad told CNN was a sign of the transparency of the process . He said the government was satisfied with the auction , even though only one contract was awarded , because the contract was for Iraq 's largest oil field . Iraq plans to open bidding this year on 10 more oil fields and one natural gas field , all of which are undeveloped , Jihad said . The companies whose bids were rejected Tuesday have been given time to review their offers , he said . Iraq has some of the largest oil reserves in the world , with an estimated 115 billion barrels -- tying Iran for second place , behind Saudi Arabia 's 264 billion barrels , according to estimates from the Energy Information Administration in the United States . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad contributed to this report .	Iraq awards lucrative oil contract to BP , China National Petroleum Corporation The joint BP-CNPC bid was for the giant al-Rumeila oil field Energy companies expected to increase production at the field by 50 percent
CNN  -- Brazilian playmaker Kaka was officially presented as a Real Madrid player , after being handed the number eight jersey in front of thousands of supporters and a huge media contingent at the club 's Bernabeu stadium on Tuesday evening . Kaka parades his new Real Madrid jersey after completing his $ 92 million transfer to the Spanish giants . An estimated 50,000-strong crowd , almost three times the anticipated number , turned up to watch the ceremony as Kaka was unveiled as Madrid 's latest addition by club president Florentino Perez and honorary president Alfredo di Stefano . Latest transfer gossip and rumors Kaka , who completed his medical earlier in the day having landed in the Spanish capital in the morning , has penned a six-year contract and has cost Madrid a reported $ 92 million . There had been speculation that Kaka would be handed the number five shirt that Zinedine Zidane had once worn for Madrid , but the new arrival will instead take up the number eight shirt formerly worn by Fernando Gago . The presentation took place on a stage erected on the Bernabeu pitch that also included Madrid 's record nine European Cup trophies , a giant screen and with a backdrop of four huge images showing club legends Raul , Juanito , Di Stefano and Zidane . The 27-year-old Kaka , who was named player of the tournament after helping Brazil win the Confederations Cup in South Africa over the last few weeks , told supporters : "  Today is a very happy day for me . "  I 'm very happy because this new stage of my career will be at Real Madrid . I hope to write my name into the history of this club with many victories and successes . " Kaka was the first signing confirmed by Madrid after Perez returned to the club presidency at the start of June . Soon after bringing in the Brazilian , Perez also agreed a world-record 80 million euros fee with Manchester United for Cristiano Ronaldo . That deal was finalized on Friday night and will come into effect from Wednesday , with Ronaldo , who like Kaka will be tied to the Spanish giants until 2015 , being presented on July 6 . Aside from Kaka and Ronaldo , Madrid also struck a deal to sign Valencia defender Raul Albiol last week for a fee believed to be around 13 million euros , while the likes of Franck Ribery , David Villa and Xabi Alonso are all being linked with moves to the Bernabeu as Perez relaunches the famous ` galacticos ' policy that he presided over during his first tenure at the club . Then , while president from 2000-06 , Perez sanctioned the big-money signings of superstars such as Zidane , David Beckham , Luis Figo and Ronaldo , a policy that reaped indifferent rewards with Madrid winning seven trophies under Perez in total but none in his final three years .	Kaka is unveiled as a Real Madrid player after completing his move from Milan The Brazilian playmaker is handed the No. 8 shirt in front of thousands of fans 27-year-old just helped Brazil to victory in the Confederations Cup tournament
CNN  -- It 's one of the fastest growing cities in the world situated in one of the most rapidly developing nations . Every year , roughly 200,000 newcomers arrive in the Indian capital of New Delhi . Some head to the city 's sprawling informal slums while others land in more upmarket residential areas . This vast influx of people has contributed to a chaotic urban scene , a burgeoning population of almost 13 million people and a boom at the higher end of the city 's housing market . Around 50 years ago , residents in neighborhoods like Lutyens in south Delhi 's leafy inner suburbs paid rents of just $ 5 per month . Today , this same area hosts properties that market for $ 100 million each . Nearby districts such as Lajpat Nagar  where a two-bedroom house sells for $ 300,000  and Nizamuddin  where a similar property can go for $ 950,000  have witnessed a similar surge in prices . See also : Where are the world 's most expensive luxury properties ? With so little space available , demand so high and restrictions that limit the height of new housing units , developers have been forced to get creative when constructing new properties . Some have been forced to make the most of tight locations . "  We took six to eight months to complete this project , " explained Namrata Malkani , a developer whose family bought a small plot of land and developed a compact yet modern four-story apartment block between two old , crumbling houses . "  We have partly sold it , " already she proudly adds . Read more : Can micro-home offer housing solution ? Improvements in the surrounding area and investments in local services meanwhile have helped make the neighborhood a more desirable place to stay , Malkani revealed . "  Because of the drainage it was  previously  difficult to stay here because it was smelly , " Malkani said . "  But the government has invested a lot into bringing up gardens and covering these drainages , which is why the property prices here have increased now . " See also : A new star on the rise in Mumbai 's property market And they have increased considerably . Homes such as Malkani 's sell for roughly $ 4,000 per square meter  $ 371 per square foot  . With a total area of 75 sq m  807 sq ft  this means the asking price for Malkani 's two bedroom house comes in at $ 300,000 . Yet according to local estate agent , Rahul Rewal , these high prices still equates to a smart investment . "  I do n't see value in terms of size here , " Rewal said . "  But why people buy here is they see a potential for appreciation and a stable return because the demand in the city is ever increasing , " he added . For the 2.3 million people  17 % of the city 's population  residing in New Delhi 's close by slum neighborhoods such ostentatious concerns remains a far cry from reality . Those with the means , such as Rewal and Malkani , however , expect to see more growth in their respective investments as the New Delhi population increases further . Eoghan Macguire contributed to this report	Roughly 200,000 people move to live and work in the Indian capital , New Delhi , every year The cost of luxury property in some of the cities most prosperous areas has rocketed as a result Some homes in the most exclusive areas can fetch prices of up to $ 100 million
CNN  -- Electronics giant Sony launched its eagerly anticipated social-networking site Thursday for PlayStation 3 users . A gamer plays Sony 's PlayStation 3 . PlayStation Home , which can be downloaded free of charge , will allow PS3 gamers to interact , communicate and share gaming experiences through their own personal "  avatars , " or three-dimensional virtual representations of themselves . Users will be able to chat to each other in Home Square -- a kind of PlayStation clubhouse -- before heading over to the bowling alley to bowl , play pool or use the gaming arcade . They will also be able to access music and video . Users will eventually be able to customize their avatars and virtual apartments with the latest virtual clothing from designers such as Diesel and furniture maker Ligne Roset . Sony also plans to introduce Red Bull Island , where users can jump into the cockpit of a Red Bull Air Race plane and compete against other Home users . "  The idea behind Home is to create a virtual space for PS3 owners to meet up , talk and play games - the easiest way to think of it is as a hybrid of Facebook , Second Life and the prettiest game lobby ever , " Tim Clark , editor in chief at Official PlayStation Magazine UK , told the BBC . All you need to download Home is a PlayStation Network account and access to PlayStation Store . Providing you have the latest system software update installed , the Home icon will appear under PlayStation Network on the PS3 Home Menu  XMB  . "  PlayStation Home is truly a promising network community service on the PlayStation platform , made possible with a combination of the power of PS3 and the PlayStation Network that covers many countries around the globe , " said Kazuo Hirai , President and Group CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment on the company 's Web site .	PlayStation Home can be downloaded free of charge by PS3 users Users communicate , share gaming experiences through their own avatars Designed along the lines of 3-D Second Life virtual world
CNN  I usually think of April as tax month , but it seems to be morphing into National Get Tested Month . Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban advised Twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available -- and to do so every three months . Following her mother 's cancer diagnosis , singer Taylor Swift urged her fans to remind their parents to get screening tests . And Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signed legislation to allow Arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order . Freedom of information -- always sounds like a good thing . But there are many lab tests to order on yourself : Medicare 's Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory Fee Schedule lists over a thousand . They are not all blood tests , but a lot of them are . And since blood tests require blood , you would surely develop at least one medical problem if you actually followed Mr. Cuban 's advice to get them all : anemia . A frothy private sector is gearing up to serve the "  test me " market . In those states that allow it -- and over half do -- laboratories are offering walk-in and online services to individuals who want to check their own lab values .  And if you want to get in on the ground floor of this business , check out the franchise opportunities at Any Labtest Now , Fastest Labs , and All Labtests Fast . Some might argue that this freedom to test is the path to a healthier society . But the primary effect wo n't be more health , but rather more medical care . Fundamentally well people will appear in doctors ' offices with "  abnormal " results . Abnormalities are common in normal people , as we learned when Whole-body CT scanning was in vogue a decade ago  thankfully , only briefly  . So doctors will increasingly face one of two options : take the time to reassure these new patients that their results are n't really that abnormal or chase down abnormal results with more testing . Further testing will often make clear that the initial results were false alarms . Or it will confirm the presence of abnormality -- most of which will be minor abnormalities . Often it wo n't be clear what to do , but doctors will be pressed to do something . That 's when the real problems begin . Will anybody be helped ? Maybe . Will anybody be hurt ? Definitely . The disturbing truth is that it is hard for us to make well people feel better . But it 's not that hard for us to make them feel worse . Decades of research have shown that there are real side-effects to testing the well : more anxiety  that ca n't be good for your health  , more procedures  which often involve needles , pain and can even lead to complications like collapsed lungs  and more treatment for "  disease " not destined to cause problems  as in over a million additional American men treated for prostate cancer , ditto women for breast cancer  . To see how far wrong testing can go , check out South Korea : where ultrasound screening has increased the amount of thyroid cancer -- and thyroid cancer surgery -- by 15-fold . I can tell you one thing for sure , the freedom to test wo n't save money . Sure , a competitive market will drive down prices for individual tests . But advertising will drive up the volume of testing . And then there are all the office visits and subsequent testing for the abnormal results . This will cost people real money -- either in terms of higher insurance premiums or higher out-of-pocket costs . Maybe this kind of freedom of information is n't such a good thing . Of course , there have been genuine advances in diagnostic testing . Diagnostic tests can be extremely useful in sorting out acute medical problems . But if you feel well , do n't think that testing will make you feel better . The biotech sector is excited about testing well people -- it 's a huge market -- and is developing lots of new product . Now you can sequence your DNA , soon you will be able to monitor your immune system 's signature . Now you can monitor your vital signs on your smartwatch , soon you will be able to test your breath for lung cancer on a phone app . They are even implanting thermodynamic sensors in a bra to test for breast cancer . A breast cancer monitoring bra -- I ca n't make this stuff up . Should we outlaw an individual 's freedom to test ? No . We do n't need another victimless crime . But it is certainly an area that demands regulation . The Food and Drug Administration has a longstanding mandate to protect us from snake oil treatments . Now it needs to start worrying about snake oil testing . It 's also an area that demands education . The public needs to know that while medical data can be very useful , that does n't mean they are routinely useful . Abnormalities in sick patients mean something different than the same abnormalities in well people . It is easier to collect data than it is to know what the data mean -- much less what to do about the results . Freedom is a good thing . But feel free not to exercise your freedoms . Just as carrying a gun does n't necessarily make you any safer , testing yourself does n't necessarily make you any healthier .	Mark Cuban said people should have their blood tested every quarter Gilbert Welch : Giving people more tests will increase health spending , but it wo n't make us healthier .
CNN Student News  -- June 3 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Japan • Kabul , Afghanistan • Guatemala City , Guatemala Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Our penultimate program of the school year includes a mission to Mars that will never get off the ground . The explanation 's coming up . I 'm Carl Azuz . You 're tuned in to CNN Student News ! First Up : Oil Spill Disaster AZUZ : First up , BP officials are hoping to get to the "  cap " part of the "  cut and cap " plan today . This is the latest attempt to try to fix the leaking oil well in the Gulf of Mexico . Before they can put the cap in place , they needed to cut part of the well so that they have a smooth surface to put the cap on . Yesterday , the "  cut " part of the plan hit a snag : The blade got stuck in one of the pipes . This video came in later in the day . You see that yellow thing that looks kind of like a box ? That 's the blade . And the fact that it 's moving around is a good thing ; it means the blade got unstuck . BP expected to start cutting again sometime yesterday . Meanwhile , some of the oil is washing onto shore in more places . These balls of tar and patches of oil started showing up on beaches in Alabama and Mississippi yesterday . Forecasters say that shifts in the weather could affect where the oil that 's out in the Gulf is going . Chad Myers has more on that . CHAD MYERS , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : The weather pattern is in fact shifting . High pressure is now in control in the Gulf of Mexico . This reduces the threat of hurricanes , but it also moves the wind to be in this direction . The direction that the people here , all the way back from let 's say Apalachicola all the way back -- which is just a rich oyster bed right through there -- all the way back along Fort Walton Beach , in through Destin and all these areas that people know of these white sand beaches . That 's where the water is going to be pushed next because of this high pressure that 's just not going to move for many , many days . I.D. Me MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm an Asian country that was founded more than 2,500 years ago . I 'm made up of thousands of islands , and I 'm home to more than 126 million people . My capital city is Tokyo . I 'm Japan , and my government is run by a prime minister . Resignation Announcement AZUZ : Well , right now , Japan is looking for a new prime minister . Yukio Hatoyama , who took over the job less than a year ago , is now stepping down . In Japan 's government , the prime minister comes from the party that has the most people in parliament . Another member of Hatoyama 's party will take over for now . The next parliamentary elections are scheduled for July . Having your country 's leader resign after such a short time in office might seem a little strange to us . But in Japan , it 's not that unusual . At least , not recently . Kyung Lah explains what we mean and examines Hatoyama 's path from candidate to former prime minister . BEGIN VIDEO KYUNG LAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , TOKYO : Yukio Hatoyama lead a political upheaval . Japan 's voters , sick of political business as usual , were reinvigorated by Hatoyama 's Obama-style message of change last fall , ousting a ruling party that held control for almost 50 continuous years . Japan 's new prime minister and his party , the Democratic Party of Japan , pledged major government reform and economic recovery . But the euphoria did n't last long . The world 's second largest economy continued to struggle , weighed down by deflation and a ballooning national debt . Then this anger from Okinawa : Candidate Hatoyama promised to move a U.S. Marine base off the island . Prime Minister Hatoyama could n't keep that promise , as he came under pressure from the U.S. . The issue overshadowed Hatoyama 's entire agenda and helped drive his approval ratings into the teens . Hatoyama is Japan 's fourth prime minister in less than four years . Shinzo Abe resigned exactly one year after he took the job . Yasuo Fukuda did n't quite make it a year . Neither did the next prime minister , Taro Aso . And now , Yukio Hatoyama , on the job months short of a year . As Japan faces critical economic challenges and the fastest aging population , it must once again put those issues aside and once again focus on finding yet another leader . END VIDEO Peace Meeting AZUZ : Moving to Afghanistan , where a gun battle broke out outside of a peace conference . Afghan President Hamid Karzai was leading the event . He was speaking when rockets and explosives started going off outside . Incredibly , he finished his speech ! But he left immediately afterward . The Taliban , the militant organization that used to control Afghanistan , said it was responsible for the attack . Ironically , President Karzai planned the meeting to talk about including members of the Taliban who turn their back on violent attacks like this one . All of it happened in the capital city of Kabul . The fighting kept going after President Karzai had left the area . Two people who were described as suicide bombers were killed in the violence . Another person was arrested . Guatemala Sinkhole AZUZ : Parts of Central America are recovering from Tropical Storm Agatha . It hit the region last weekend . One of the countries that was hit the hardest was Guatemala . More than 150 people were killed there . The storm triggered mudslides , destroyed homes , caused more than a dozen bridges to collapse . It also caused this ! Looks like someone drilled straight into the earth . It 's a sinkhole . This one 's about a hundred feet deep , more than 60 feet wide . It swallowed several buildings ; there are buildings down there ! Fortunately , no one was injured by the sinkhole . Experts say sinkholes can be caused when water dissolves minerals in certain kinds of rocks . They can also be caused by different kinds of construction . One official thinks that might have contributed to this one . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! In Roman mythology , who was the god of war ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Thor , B  Mars , C  Saturn or D  Kratos ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Mars was the god of war and one of the most important gods in Roman mythology . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Mars Simulation AZUZ : Of course , that 's whom the planet is named for . Mars is the second closest planet to Earth , and scientists have talked about going there for years . Today , a group of explorers is doing it . Except , not really . It 'll be like they 're going to Mars , though . These guys have volunteered to take part in a simulation , spending the next year and a half in a fake spacecraft . Imagine a reality show , but in space . The goal is to find out what the 520-day trip to Mars would be like , how the isolation and cramped spaces would affect people . The crew will conduct nearly 100 experiments and even fake a Mars landing . The volunteers can walk away any time they want . Why Teach ? AZUZ : We 've talked a lot about how the recession has impacted your education . Teachers are affected , too . We 've seen layoffs ; we 've seen budget cuts . Considering all of the challenges that teachers face , it raises the question , why teach ? Well , recently , we asked educators to send in iReports and tell us why they do it , what they love about their jobs . Take a listen to some of their replies . BEGIN VIDEO OMEKONGO DIBINGA , WASHINGTON , D.C. : I became a teacher because there is a quotation that says children are the messages that we send to a future that we just do n't know . And I thrive every day with the possibility that I can help shape a positive message for the future . JASON GATSON , FORT WORTH , TEXAS : I believe in knowledge and I believe that very few professions offer you the chance to influence the future like teaching does . Granting somebody the gift of knowledge can lead them to a better life that they otherwise would not have had . W. J. O'REILLY , NEW YORK CITY : If , as a teacher , I can supress my own egotistical idea that I know the truth , then I give my students the chance to test their opinions and follow those intellectual threads inward to their own self discovery , with guidance of course . This is inner-motivation , and it 's why I call myself a teacher every day . END VIDEO iReport Promo AZUZ : Well , teachers , we welcome your iReports , but teachers are n't the only ones who can send them in . Students , you can too ! In fact , you can send us one about how you 're spending your summer break . It 's as easy as this : You make the video . Go to the Spotlight section which you see right now on CNNStudentNews.com . And you click the iReport link . And once you 're on the page , what you do : scroll down just a bit and click where it says "  share your story . " That will get your video to our staff . You fill out the information you see there , and we will have what we need to take your iReport . Now , there is one rule you have to remember : You have to be at least 13 years old . The address again : CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , you get 10 seconds to shoot a free throw in the pros . So , how many do you get to shoot 50 ? Bob Fisher 's going to take one minute , which ties his own world record . 50 free throws , one minute . He also holds the title for the most free throws in two minutes . He set both of the records at the school where he 's -- you guessed it -- a shooting coach . A local reporter challenged fisher recently . The reporter only netted 20 . Goodbye AZUZ : We probably would n't do much better , but it 'd be worth a shot . I mean , if it 's free , why not throw your hat in the ring ? Those puns were foul . Thankfully , just one more day to go . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Examine the events that led Japan 's prime minister to resign Learn how a tropical storm caused a 100-foot hole in the earth Consider a Mars mission that never intends to get off the ground Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Oprah.com  -- These are the books that gave us comfort , joy -- and lots to talk about . "  The Bolter " By Frances Osborne 320 pages ; Knopf "  The Bolter " chronicles the life of Idina Sackville , a wellborn British woman who defied convention by having "  lovers without number " and choosing a decadent expat life in Kenya in 1918 . Was Sackville a protofeminist free spirit à la Isak Dinesen or a spoiled rich girl who could n't resist a scandal ? Author Frances Osborne -- Sackville 's great-granddaughter -- traces her ancestor 's journey from madcap to just plain mad . "  Dreaming in Hindi " By Katherine Russell Rich 384 pages ; Houghton Mifflin Harcourt What do you do when rotten luck leaves you speechless ? After two bouts with cancer and the shock of getting fired , Katherine Russell Rich "  no longer had the language to describe my own life . So I decided I 'd borrow someone else 's . " "  Dreaming in Hindi " is the verbally and emotionally dazzling story of Rich 's passage to India , where she tried to master an intricate foreign tongue -- and became fluent in the language of human possibility . Oprah.com : Read the prologue "  Little Bee " By Chris Cleave 288 pages ; Simon & Schuster A terrifying memory unites two very different women -- a wry and ingenious young Nigerian refugee newly sprung from a British detention center , and an editor of a fashionable English women 's magazine -- in Chris Cleave 's hauntingly original novel , "  Little Bee . " A story about what it takes to look horror in the face and still find beauty . Oprah.com : Get the reading group guide "  Blame " By Michelle Huneven 304 pages ; Sarah Crichton/FSG Sly yet openhearted , Michelle Huneven 's "  Blame " takes on the recovery movement in this novel about Patsy MacLemoore , a slightly wild , 20-something history professor involved in an alcohol-related crime . All too flawed , Patsy eventually finds redemption , only to wind up questioning her hard-won moral certainties later on . Think "  The Good Mother " or "  House of Sand and Fog : " It 's that good . Oprah.com : 25 books you ca n't put down "  Losing Mum and Pup " By Christopher Buckley 251 pages ; Twelve Christopher Buckley 's life was n't exactly like most people 's -- his parents were William F. and Patricia Buckley , East Coast social and intellectual fixtures . But "  Losing Mum and Pup , " his memoir of the year in which they both died -- is universal in its evocation of loss . It 's extraordinary for its clarity and , of course , its wit  Buckley has also written many comic novels , including "  Thank You for Smoking "  . "  Lovely people sometimes do unlovely things , " Buckley has said . But he -- and we -- can love them anyway . "  Zeitoun " By Dave Eggers 342 pages ; McSweeney 's We already knew Dave Eggers could tell his own story very well -- see 2000 's "  A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius " -- but he leaves himself out of "  Zeitoun . " Here , the subject is a Syrian-born contractor who should have been lionized for his selfless work in New Orleans during and after Katrina but was instead caged like an animal in a makeshift jail ; the book is a masterpiece of compassionate reporting about a shameful time in our history . "  Say You 're One of Them " By Uwem Akpan 368 pages ; Back Bay Only Uwem Akpan , a Nigerian-born writer and Jesuit priest , could guide us though such desperate terrain , from street slums in Nairobi to war-torn Rwanda , with something like hope in our hands . No doubt , these stories of rape , slaughter , and child slavery are difficult to bear . But , told mostly by children , "  Say You 're One of Them , " a recent pick of Oprah 's Book Club , tempers ineffable treachery with wild-eyed imagination , offering a ravenous prayer for a better world . Oprah.com : The season 's best gift books Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Discover how two women were able to find beauty in the face of horror One woman with incredibly bad luck discovers possibility in India Take a journey through Africa 's desperate terrain and emerge with hope
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain said Monday that Rep. John Lewis ' controversial remarks were "  so disturbing " that they "  stopped me in my tracks . " Sen. John McCain says comments made by Rep. John Lewis were "  unacceptable . " Lewis , a Georgia representative and veteran of the civil rights movement , on Saturday compared the feeling at recent Republican rallies to those of segregationist George Wallace . "  That 's not from some , quote , party official , that 's from one of the most respected people in America . It 's unfair . It 's unfair and it 's outrageous , " he said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Dana Bash . "  I never believed that John Lewis , who is an American hero whom I admire , would ever make a comment of that nature . He even referred to the bombing of a church in Birmingham . That 's unacceptable , " he said . Watch McCain 's reaction " Lewis on Saturday said in a statement that McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin "  are sowing the seeds of hatred and division . " "  During another period , in the not too distant past , there was a governor of the state of Alabama named George Wallace who also became a presidential candidate . George Wallace never threw a bomb . He never fired a gun , but he created the climate and the conditions that encouraged vicious attacks against innocent Americans who were simply trying to exercise their constitutional rights . Because of this atmosphere of hate , four little girls were killed on Sunday morning when a church was bombed in Birmingham , Alabama , " wrote the Democrat . He later said a "  careful review " of his comments "  would reveal that I did not compare Sen. John McCain or Gov. Sarah Palin to George Wallace . " A McCain aide described the moment that the campaign saw Lewis ' comment as an emotional one and a reality check as to "  what the campaign is up against . " The aide said they all stopped , delayed McCain 's flight and got on a conference call to try to figure out how to respond . McCain said Saturday that Lewis ' earlier statement was "  a brazen and baseless attack " and called on Sen. Barack Obama to repudiate it . McCain on Monday again criticized Obama for not condemning Lewis ' words . The Obama campaign said that Obama "  does not believe that John McCain or any policy criticism is in any way comparable to George Wallace or his segregationist policies " but said Lewis was "  right to condemn some of the hateful rhetoric . " McCain told CNN that Lewis ' status as a respected politician makes his remarks even more unacceptable . "  I say when anybody says anything like that that is so beyond the pale , that it stuns me , because that 's not what America and this debate should be all about , " he said . "  I will reject that kind of language , and again , I 'm so disappointed in Congressman John Lewis . " Some McCain supporters have yelled "  treason , " "  kill him " and "  terrorist " at recent campaign events . Asked about the anger at his rallies -- something that has increased since the McCain campaign started highlighting Obama 's ties to 1960s radical Bill Ayers , McCain said he was insulted by some characterizations of his supporters . "  There is always the fringe element that 's in politics in America . The overwhelming majority of the people that come to my rallies are good and decent and patriotic Americans , " the Republican presidential candidate said . "  For anybody to intimate that the overwhelming ... 99 percent is anything but patriotic and good Americans is frankly unacceptable , and I wo n't stand for it . " Obama has publicly acknowledged McCain 's efforts to get his supporters to show respect . McCain said Monday that despite trailing Obama in the polls , he 's comfortable with where he and his running mate are . According to CNN 's latest poll of polls , Obama is up by 8 percentage points , 50-42 . CNN 's national poll of polls consists of six surveys : ABC/Washington Post  October 8-11  , Fox News/Opinion Dynamics  October 8-9  , Newsweek  October 8-9  , Reuters/C-SPAN/Zogby  October 10-12  , Gallup  October 10-12  and Diageo/Hotline  October 10-12  . It does not have a sampling error . "  We 're going to be just fine . I have been written off on so many occasions by political pundits that it 's hard for me to count , " McCain said , joking that his campaign has "  more lives than a cat . " "  But the point is -- we 're doing fine . I 'm happy where we 're at , we 're fighting the good fight . That 's what it 's all about . "	In exclusive talk with CNN , McCain says he is "  so disappointed " in Rep. John Lewis Lewis on Saturday compared feeling at GOP rallies to those of George Wallace McCain on anger from some supporters : There 's always "  fringe element " in politics McCain says his campaign has "  more lives than a cat "
Washington  CNN  Mike Huckabee is releasing a new book as the former Arkansas governor prepares for a potential 2016 presidential run , and it covers everything -- from reality television to government surveillance  in a curiously-named chapter "  Bend over and take it like a prisoner ! "  . We read "  God , Guns , Grits and Gravy " and rounded up all the info you might not know about the former Arkansas governor : 1 . He 's got a surprisingly thorough familiarity with pop culture -- and very little patience for it . Huckabee thinks Miley Cyrus is a bad dancer but Beyonce is a good one . He describes Cyrus ' 2013 MTV Video Music Awards performance as one in which she "  contorted her barely-clad , barely legal-age body in a disgustingly pornographic performance that showed just about everything she had -- except talent -- and focused national attention on a new term , ` twerking , ' which describes a vulgar movement better saved for a stripper pole than prime-time television . " Beyonce , however , is "  incredibly talented ... has an exceptional set of pipes " and "  is a terrific dancer -- without the explicit moves best left for the privacy of her bedroom . " But he did n't like her dance with husband Jay Z during the 2014 Grammy Awards to their song "  Drunk in Love . " "  Jay-Z is a very shrewd businessman , but I wonder : Does it occur to him that he is arguably crossing the line from husband to pimp by exploiting his wife as a sex object ? " Huckabee wrote of the performance . WATCH : Grammys 2014 : Performances He 's also not a big fan of Rihanna 's style . "  I 've seen dusty pickup truck windshields that were less see-through than the mesh ` dress ' Rihanna recently ` wore ' on the red carpet at a fashion show , " he noted . The Council of Fashion Designers of America , which awarded her its 2014 Fashion Icon Award -- an event that prompted the dress -- would probably disagree . And do n't even get him started on reality television , which takes up an entire chapter of his book . Huckabee appears to be familiar with The Real World , Survivor and the Bachelorette -- and has problems with all of them . Later in the book , Huckabee compares a government without checks and balances to "  Ferris Bueller 's Day Off on steroids  and boozed up  . " " -LSB- The Founding Fathers -RSB- knew that the sheer power of -LSB- the government -RSB- is an intoxicant and that most of the people who enter government will be like sixteen-year-old boys with keys to the liquor cabinet whose parents are gone for the weekend , " he writes . Huckabee also name-drops Lady Gaga twice . 2 . His views on gay marriage are more nuanced than you 'd think . Huckabee recounts in the book that he got his introduction to the idea of homosexuality from a Boy Scout troop leader who was molesting members of his troop . "  To be clear , I am not equating all gay men with pedophiles ; I 'm just relating how this particular person was my introduction to the then-unfathomable concept of same-sex attraction , " he notes . Describing his outlook as "  God-centered and not man-centered , " Huckabee offers up some questions on homosexuality : "  Are such variations normal ? Which ones ? Are there any limits on what is an acceptable attraction ? If so , what is the objective basis for those limits , and who gets to draw that line ? " He later adds : "  Is Lady Gaga correct when she sings about being ` Born this Way ' ? " And yet , he declares : "  The claim that same-sex marriage is destroying society is actually greatly overstated . " "  Christians who themselves abandoned the primacy of lifelong marriage to follow the divorce and remarriage customs of a secular society have as much to answer for as do those who militantly push to redefine marriage , " he adds . 3 . He has a soft side . "  I think of myself as a pretty sensitive guy . I 'm not callous or cold . I 've been known to cry at movies , particularly when a dog dies or a kid gets hurt . That 's why I could n't even see Marley & Me and had to sit in the theater until everyone left before I exited after sitting through My Dog Skip . " 4 . He 's not particularly pleased with conservative outside groups Huckabee faced opposition from the Club for Growth during his 2008 run for president , and apparently still holds a grudge . He writes that "  groups like Club for Growth are basically ` pay for play , ' " and says big donors can write checks to the Club and "  it will do the dirty work for you . " "  It 's a coward 's way to fight , " Huckabee writes . Huckabee goes on to compare the battle for conservative purity forged by some of those outside groups to , well , mass-shooters and suicide bombers . "  I really do n't think -LSB- Fort Hood shooter -RSB- Nidal Hasan is the role model the GOP wants to emulate . We should leave the kind of Sunni/Shiite fights for the real jihadists . The goal of conservatives should be to build up America -- not blow up the Republican Party . " 5 . He 's got a lotta love for some of his potential 2016 opponents -- but disdain for others . Huckabee praises and defends a handful of potential 2016 opponents . He gushes over Mitt Romney , calling him "  a good man with impeccable integrity in his personal and business life , " praises Rick Perry for recruiting businesses to come to Texas during his time as governor , and defends his work with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush on Common Core . He makes no mention of Sens. Marco Rubio , Ted Cruz or Rand Paul , but does implicitly knock the prospect that they all might run for president while serving in the Senate . During his last run , he says , "  I saw others who were sitting members of Congress or the Senate , who would still receive the paycheck plus all their benefits that I helped pay for , and yet never had to show up for work to get the check ! " he writes . "  Nice work if you can get it ! " 6 . His verdict on the Obamas ' parenting skills is still out . Huckabee says that he 's "  generally admired the parenting instincts of the First Couple , " but is appalled that they let their daughters listen to Jay-Z and Beyonce 's "  Drunk in Love . " "  With the First Lady so concerned about making sure her daughters ' bellies do n't ingest unhealthy food , how can she let their brains ingest obnoxious and toxic mental poison in the form of song lyrics ? " 7 . He 's allergic to cigarette smoke "  I suppose I 'm lucky to be highly allergic to tobacco smoke , because I 've never smoked a single cigarette and never wanted to . "	Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee released a book as preparation for his potential presidential run "  God , Guns , Grits and Gravy " includes his thoughts on reality television and pop stars Huckabee is no fan of Miley Cyrus , but he thinks Beyonce is talented
CNN  -- MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi is back on his motorbike -- just a month after breaking his leg in a horrific crash . The seven-time world champion took to the track on Wednesday only four weeks after suffering a compound fracture of his shin during a collision in practice for the Italian Grand Prix . In a statement on Yahama 's website the team confirmed Rossi would ride in Misano , Italy , in order to "  better understand his current physical condition . " It had been feared Rossi would miss up to four months of action after the accident but his progress has been better than expected . "  Valentino Rossi will ride a Yamaha YZF-R1 at a private test in Misano , Italy , " Yahama said . "  The Italian has made an excellent recovery so far since breaking his leg at Mugello on 5th June and he has decided to proceed with the test ride in order to better understand his current physical condition . "  Riding a racing motorcycle will help Valentino and his doctors to plan the next stage of his rehabilitation program in order that he may return to racing as soon as he feels confident to do so . "  The test will take place using a YZF-R1 WSB machine provided by the Yamaha World Superbike Team to the Fiat Yamaha Team . " Rossi had never missed a MotoGP race before his leg break , but he has been forced to sit out four so far . If his test ride is successful the 31-year-old could be back for the next race in Germany on 18 July . His Yamaha team-mate Jorge Lorenzo currently leads the MotoGP standings , while Rossi lies in seventh place , 104 points off the lead .	MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi to take a test ride on Wednesday Rossi broke his leg in practice for the Italy MotoGP last month Italian was due to be sidelined for up to four months Rossi could return for next race in Germany on July 18
Mashable  -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down , more than two weeks after the protests that began January 25 in the country -- and launched a flood of #Jan25 and #Egypt tweets as well as media coverage that broke the mold -- to remove the president from power . From the beginning , the revolution in Egypt was propelled by the use of social media . It at least partlybegan on Facebook with the creation of Facebook groups that gained hundreds of thousands of members and promoted the early protests in Cairo . Subsequently , the government blocked Facebook and Twitter and eventually shut down Internet access completely . And with the outside world following the unfolding revolution online , political leaders and others , including Twitter , spoke out against the violence and freedom of expression issues at risk . But even a government shut down could n't keep the news from flowing . Twitter and Facebook users found ways to work around the blackout . Though , eventually access was completely restored . The events in Egypt served as a flash point for journalists on the ground , too . For perhaps one of the first times in history , history itself has been recorded instantaneously , as reporters took to Twitter to share 140-character updates and personal stories from the protests . The messages provided a stark reality to readers in the outside world , especially as the protests turned violent and police turned on journalists -- the very people many of us outside the country were following . But Al Jazeera had its "  CNN Moment , " and although it could n't reach viewers in the U.S. by cable television , it found a way to viewers -- on YouTube . The network live streamed Mubarak 's public address -- in which many believed he would resign -- Thursday via YouTube . But Al Jazeera 's comprehensive coverage put it on the radar for U.S. viewers and it created a campaign to bring its English-language network to U.S. televisions . Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube , too . Al Jazeera made its images available by a Creative Commons license and its work reached an even broader audience around the world . Without a doubt , social media , mobile devices and the web have brought the stories from Egypt closer to home . And conversely , the events in Egypt have shown the strength of these tools for both organizing and informing people . The Egyptian people and reporters alike found ways to share their messages even when the government tried to stop them . Using VPN , proxy sites , third party apps and other tools , they were able to continue sharing news with those of us on the outside . And at the same time , the rest of the world found ways to use tech to curate and disseminate information . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down Images of the turmoil spread around the world via Flickr and Youtube News was shared with the rest of the world using VPN , proxy sites and third party apps
NEW YORK  CNN  -- When Yo-Yo Ma enters a room , everything changes . Yo-Yo Ma 's new album , "  Songs of Joy and Peace , " is his first holiday-themed record . His energy and warmth  he hugs everyone in sight  and curiosity  for every question you ask him , he asks two of you  envelop you like a blanket . He 's also surprisingly funny . The world 's most celebrated cellist introduces himself not as Yo-Yo , or Mr. Ma , or even Yo Mama  as you might expect from a wisenheimer  . Instead , with a hint of mischief and a nod to the everyman celebrity of campaign ' 08 , he offers , "  I 'm Joe the cellist . " He adds , "  I get the ` plumb ' jobs . " He might be right . Consider Ma 's latest album , "  Songs of Joy and Peace "  Sony  , the first holiday-themed release of his career . Ma describes it as a musical party , a collection of good-time collaborations with musical buddies , James Taylor and Diana Krall among them . Watch Yo-Yo Ma enjoy time with his friends " "  I asked everybody to bring their favorite piece of music that signified joy to them , " Ma said . "  And out came all of these fantastic pieces . Many of them I did n't know . " Krall applies her mellow voice and piano playing to the lighthearted "  You Could n't be Cuter . " Ma joined Taylor in Taylor 's Washington , Massachusetts , barn to record George Harrison 's "  Here Comes the Sun . " Other guests include vocalists Alison Krauss and Renee Fleming , trumpeter Chris Botti and saxophonist Joshua Redman . Ma also enlists help from friends who are less mainstream such as the green-haired Galician bagpiper Cristina Pato and mandolin player Chris Thiele . Jake Shimabukuro 's ukulele provides a delightfully plucky counterpoint to Ma 's soaring cello on the John Lennon/Yoko Ono hit "  Happy Xmas  War is Over  . " Born in Paris to Chinese parents and raised in New York , Ma , 53 , is no stranger to thinking outside the music box . In 1998 he founded the Silk Road Project , a multi-cultural exchange designed to help artists and musicians share ideas across borders . His international efforts have earned him the title of United Nations Messenger of Peace . And to Ma , his extensive travels have earned him comparison to a certain shifty-footed children 's book character . "  As a musician I 'm kind of nomadic , Waldo-like , " he says . "  I show up in different places , and I 'm witness to unbelievable things . " CNN caught up with Ma at Legacy Studios in New York where some of the recording took place for "  Songs of Joy and Peace . " The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : One of the things that 's apparent from watching the footage of the studio sessions from this album is that everyone is so humbled to work with you , and you are just as humbled to work with them . Yo-Yo Ma : Well , I think what I loved about the sessions was that there was mutuality , if that 's a word , of just being open and wanting to do the best thing possible . And so I think everybody just came with an open heart and open mind . ... The amount of talent that walked through the room was staggering for me . Day after day I thought I could die and go to heaven . ... Every day was like that . So I feel very , very , very lucky and very grateful to my friends . CNN : With the work you do , particularly with the Silk Road Project , you 've really had to relax the rules of classical music . Has that been difficult ? Ma : There 's a part of me that 's always charging ahead . I 'm the curious kid , always going to the edge . But I have such deep love for the domain that I come from , whether you call it classical music or ... I do n't know what you call it these days because it 's no longer really definable . It 's coming from a lot of places . Yes , you 're right , I had to relax . It was scary . And I think the idea of transcending fear and transcending technique or understanding different frames is part of the adventure . Something 's scary until you make it familiar and comfortable . I feel so much more a member of the planet community after doing this work for 10 years , because I feel like you can drop me most places and I 'll be OK . I 'll find out what 's going on and find a way to participate . CNN : You 're a big believer in the idea that music is this big unifying force in the world . What other common languages have you come across ? Ma : Oh my goodness . I think there are so many basic ways of behaving that we all have . Guest-host relations ... there 's no culture that does n't have that . And there 's almost no culture where there are not stories where people take in strangers . Gift giving is another act that is universal . Certainly caring for one 's group , a tribal mentality . Sometimes it means putting up firewalls because it 's dangerous to mingle . But in today 's world it seems like we have different groupings . -LSB- We seem to have -RSB- a younger generation that actually is much more tribe-blind or they 've created their own social communities . So it 's interesting to live in today 's world and observe how within urban or rural areas people 's habits may be changing . And I think culturally speaking I 'm trying to work in such a way that we can actually find more commonality than the differences , especially because often things happen so quickly . CNN : Can you ever remember a moment in your life when you felt bored ? Ma : Yes . I hated that feeling so much . I think we all remember when we were much younger , how slowly time -LSB- goes -RSB- . And I think those years often were very boring years . When is summer going to come ? When is Christmas going to come ? Never ! But I think I decided or thought about how I really would love to have an interesting life . I really would like to be involved in things and to understand things , and in some ways you 've got to be careful what you wish for because I feel very , very blessed to have such an interesting life and to be able to have little snapshots of lives of people from many different parts of the world . CNN : What do you do to relax ? Ma : Because so much of what I do involves people , being in a place with more trees than people immediately takes me down . I live in Cambridge -LSB- Massachusetts -RSB- and so when we go to western Massachusetts and see the mountains and trees , suddenly I 'm totally relaxed and feel fabulous .	Yo-Yo Ma 's new album is first holiday record for cellist Collaborators include James Taylor , Diana Krall , bagpiper Cristina Pato Why is he so active ? He wanted "  interesting life "
CNN  -- If I had a nickel each time a white guy e-mails or tweets that I have my job because I 'm black , I would n't need the job , because I 'd be rich . This is at the heart of a little talked about secret regarding affirmative action : A lot of black professionals do n't like it either . Not because they think the playing field is necessarily leveled , but rather their skills and talents are constantly being slighted by whites who think their jobs were given to them solely because of their race . It 's insulting , it 's demeaning and there 's not a damn thing we can do about it , because as long as race is part of the qualification metric , the perception that the bar was lowered so that we could jump over it will persist . There are voters who think President Obama 's success came easy because of affirmative action , overlooking the fact he 's brilliant and oh , by the way , he and the first lady were still paying off their student loans 10 years ago . I can tell you from experience , there is nothing "  easy " about paying back student loans . Yes , there is an inherent hypocrisy of having such a policy in a post civil-rights world . But it is cynical to think we 're a post-racial society just because we have a black president . Should affirmative action still exist ? That 's not to characterize all that befalls blacks and other minorities as "  the man " holding us down , but rather recognizing a freight train does n't stop the instant the brakes are applied . Racial inequality had been moving full steam ahead for centuries in this country , starting with the attempted genocide of Native Americans . So while our present-day attitudes about race are changed , the byproducts stemming from our past attitudes -- like access to a quality education and the impact of generational poverty -- are still very much at play . Opinion : Keep affirmative action but reform it Talking about this and other topics related to race does n't make one a racist . But denying its relevance in everyday life has the potential to hurt everyone . For example , the Florida State Board of Education has recently come under fire because the academic achievement goals it set for minority students appear to be lower than the ones set for white students . By the 2017-18 school year , the board wants to have 88 % of white students at or above the grade level benchmark for reading but only 81 % of Latinos and 74 % of blacks . The reason : the disparity in the current reading level . While 69 % of whites reach that mark now , only 53 % of Latinos and just 38 % of blacks do . That 's a problem , not only in terms of students ' ability to get into college , but just having a workforce in the state that is literate . So though the percentages of the 2017-18 goals seem biased in favor of whites , the percentage increase seeks to aggressively address a major reading problem plaguing minorities . This is n't racist . This is recognizing that if this racial disparity goes unchecked , it could have debilitating long-term effects on Florida 's economy . Some think the word diversity is a euphemism for "  anything but white , " but I do n't . I believe in the diversity of thought , which sometimes can play out racially , but not always . Having people from different geographic locations can introduce different insight and talent to a college campus or workforce , and variations of socioeconomic status bring in diversity as well . But do n't be mistaken , race is important . One of the elements of the infamous "  47 % " video that did n't get talked about a lot was Mitt Romney 's joke that if he had Mexican heritage , he 'd have "  a better shot " at winning the election . That joke was followed by a comment from someone in the crowd who suggested Romney could claim to have some Native American heritage like Elizabeth Warren , to get a leg up . In what socioeconomic metric is there a quantifiable advantage to being Mexican or Native American in this country ? The outcry about the push for diversity in the workplace and in college admissions would lead you to believe we 're overcompensating for the sins of the past . But look around : Does it really look as if the populations with the highest poverty rate -- blacks , Latinos and Native Americans -- are just cleaning up in the game of life ? 5 things to know about affirmative action True , there are certainly examples of unqualified or incompetent employees being placed in positions they should n't be because of flawed decision making from white superiors trying to be compliant with their HR department . However , that 's not what affirmative action was designed to do . Take my profession , for example . According to an American Society of News Editors study , minorities make up 12.3 % of newspaper staffs and 16.4 % of online-only news staffs despite being a third of the general population . Similarly the National Association of Black Journalists released a study last month that found minorities filled 12 % of the newsroom managerial positions at 295 stations owned by 19 media conglomerates . So I ask you , if the so-called liberal media struggles to employ diversity that 's representative of the people -- and it has affirmative action policies in place -- what makes us think completely removing such initiatives is going to improve the situation ? I do not like affirmative action in its current incarnation , and I think a lot of us can agree the flaws need to be addressed . But in this conversation , let 's not pretend the reasons why it was created in the first place are no longer around . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : A lot of black professionals -- like me -- do n't like affirmative action Why ? Because some whites think we got our jobs solely because of our race , he says "  Some think the word diversity is a euphemism for ` anything but white , ' but I do n't , " he says Granderson : The reasons for affirmative action 's creation are still with us , so we still need it
CNN  -- An octogenarian climber has abandoned his bid to reclaim the title of the oldest man to climb Mt Everest after a combination of poor climbing weather and government red tape forced him to call off the ascent . Veteran Nepali climber Min Bahadur Sherchan , 81 , had been acclimatizing at base camp , ready to reclaim his title from longtime rival 80-year-old Yuichiro Miura who became the oldest climber to reach the summit of the world 's highest mountain last week . However , a government promise to provide one million Nepali rupees  US$ 11,200  for the bid -- on which other sponsorship money hinged -- was awaiting government Cabinet approval in Kathmandu . Team leader Ishwari Poudel told CNN that going up Everest was now too risky because the snow had started to melt , making ladders and other equipment unstable . He said that since other expeditions had already left the mountain , there would be no manpower available in the event of a rescue . The government had also pledged to help Sherchan 's bid by waiving the Everest climbing permit fee of US$ 10,000 but this was also held up by Cabinet delays . Purna Chandra Bhattarai , the Tourism Industry Division of the Ministry of Tourism and Civil Aviation , said his department , which processes climbing permits , had received the application late and the waiver could only be decided by ministers . "  The government makes decisions following its own procedure , " he said . Sherchan downplayed rumors he was returning due to health concerns . "  When one goes to climb such a mountain there are small health issues , " he told CNN . Oldest Everest climber finally gets recognition Sherchan and Miura have been rivals for at least five years . The two mountaineers first clashed in 2008 , when Sherchan , then 76 , reached the 29,028-foot  8,848-meter  peak a day before Miura , then 75 . However , it was Miura 's ascent that made it into Guinness World Records , forcing Sherchan to travel to London to set the record straight . Back in Nepal , he gathered paperwork , photos , witness accounts and media reports to confirm his ascent , and his feat finally entered the record books in 2010 . Sherchan earlier dismissed talk that he was making the climb because he was in danger of losing his record . He said he had planned to reach the summit last year but failed to secure financial support . "  Why should I go to set a record ? I have my own record . I wanted to climb Everest in my eighth decade , " he said before he left for base camp . This year marks the 60th anniversary of the first expedition to reach the summit of Everest : Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay made it to the top of the mountain on May 29 , 1953 . Before he boarded his flight at Kathmandu airport on Sunday , Miura said he had scaled Everest for the last time . The deadly traffic jam on top of the world "  I think three times is enough , " said Miura , who made his first ascent at the age of 70 . "  At this point I could not think of anything but rest . " He wished Sherchan good luck but called on his rival to take a photograph as evidence of a successful climb . Known for his exploits as an extreme skier , Miura made the ascent with his son Gota . Sherchan 's wife , however , was less than thrilled by her husband 's late-in-life mountaineering . "  Of course I do not want him to go , " Purna Kumari Sherchan said . "  I had told him not to go even the first time . " Sherchan was being assisted in his ascent by a Sherpa who has climbed Everest 12 times . To prepare , Sherchan carried a 25-kilogram  55-pound  load on his back while walking up and down the stairs of his three-story Kathmandu home several times a day . "  If I am unsuccessful , it will be because of the weather . It will not be because of my physical condition , " Sherchan said , before he set off .	Octogenarian climber abandons bid to reclaim title of the oldest man to climb Mt Everest Nepali climber Min Bahadur Sherchan , 81 , says government delays have prevented ascent Warmer weather means Mt Everest is not safe to climb Sherchan is a longtime rival of Japan 's Miura who last week became the oldest man to the mountain
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- On April 20 , President Obama challenged his Cabinet to cut $ 100 million in spending over the next 90 days . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs says a report on Cabinet spending cuts will be released "  in coming days . " The deadline came -- and went -- without a report from the White House on whether or not that promise was fulfilled . Asked about the spending cuts , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Monday that information still was being compiled . "  Those are being reviewed now , and we 'll release something in the coming days , " Gibbs told the daily White House briefing . At time the challenge was announced , critics said $ 100 million in savings was a small amount on the context of the federal budget . "  Any amount of savings is obviously welcome , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said in April . "  But -LSB- $ 100 million is -RSB- about the average amount we 'll spend every single day just covering the interest on the stimulus package that we passed earlier this year . " In April , Gibbs insisted that ordinary Americans nevertheless would appreciate the savings effort . "  Only in Washington , D.C. , is $ 100 million not a lot of money , " Gibbs said . The issue is a sensitive one for Obama at a time of fierce Republican criticism about increased government spending for the economic stimulus plan . Republicans also oppose health care reform proposals by Democrats that would cost $ 1 trillion or more over the next 10 years . Obama is pushing for fast congressional action on a health care overhaul .	Obama 's April 20 challenge to Cabinet : Cut $ 100 million in spending in 90 days The 90 days are up , but White House has n't issued a report yet on progress White House spokesman Robert Gibbs : Information still being compiled
ENSENADA , Mexico  CNN  -- It 's what every sailor remembers : The fear of the first overnight race . The moment takes on bigger meaning when the seaman is a mere 9 years old . "  It 's really cool having a shift overnight , " said Jake Mayol , a third-grader from Aliso Viejo , California . Frightening too . "  It was pretty scary because when the adults went up on the bow , you were worried that they were going to fall in , " said Jake , whose long blonde hair casts him as a year-round boy of summer . He and three other youngsters -- including two girls , both 13 -- joined their fathers on a 46-ft bluewater cruiser in a 125-mile sailrace along the Pacific coast that describes itself as the "  world 's largest international yacht race . " The Newport to Ensenada International Yacht Race makes that claim because it begins in California and ends in Mexico . The regatta offers vistas of mountains meeting the sea and ends in Mexico 's wine country , where Ensenada produces 90 % of the nation 's wine . The race fielded 204 boats this April -- an increase over recent years but still well below the almost 700 boats that competed in the 1980s . Past participants included celebrities and great sailors alike , such as actors Humphrey Bogart and Buddy Ebsen , the late Steve Fossett , America 's Cup winner Dennis Conner , and Walt Disney Co. scion Roy Disney . Nautical memories For 9-year-old Jake , his achievement marked the third generation of Mayols completing the race , said his father , Erik , 48 , a tile and stone contractor . Jake 's grandfather completed the race 20 times , said Erik Mayol . "  It was really special for me to be able to share it with him , " recalls father Erik Mayol , who added he 's raced the event 35 times . "  There were a few moment when they were not completely comfortable , which is completely normal , and it 's our job to make them feel safe . " Those moments arose when overnight winds hit 17 knots , and the boat turns knocked the sleeping youths to the cabin sole . "  It 's really hard to go down and sleep for a couple of hours and then get back up for your next shift , " said Cole Pomeroy , 12 , a 6th grader from Newport Beach . His father , Karl , 48 , an executive with an air conditioning manufacturer , described the experience as a lifetime memory -- "  a great thing to share with your son . " Or daughter . One girl , Lolo Foster , 13 , a 7th grader from Corona Del Mar , California , said the parents entertained the youngsters with ghost stories , creating a playful banter on the Stella Maris . "  I saw this boat at night in silhouette , and it looked like a pirate ship , " Lolo recalled . Another girl , Sammy Pickell , 13 , also a 7th grader from Corona Del Mar , marveled at the marine life . "  We saw a lot of dolphins and they were doing tricks for us close to the boat , " Sammy said . "  They were jumping up and going in front of us and crossing in front of the bow . " Safety at sea The fathers of the four children said their parental anxieties were allayed by how skipper Tom Madden outfitted his sailboat with redundancies for safety . Those concerns are understandable as of late . The perils of sail racing have been on the mind of many Pacific sailors as the past year has been particularly tragic on the California coast . In last year 's Newport-to-Ensenada regatta , four sailors were killed when their 37-foot boat , named Aegean , struck the north end of the unlighted North Coronado Island off the Mexican coast at night , according to authorities and race organizers . And just last month British sailracer Andrew "  Bart " Simpson , 36 , was killed training for the America 's Cup aboard the 72-foot Artemis Racing , which capsized in San Francisco Bay . The risks of coastal sailing carry the reward of thrills , adventure , and a coastal horizon that can mesmerize the sailor for the entire journey . "  This is one of the more prominent races in the world , " said Chuck Iverson , commodore of the Newport Ocean Sailing Association , which has hosted the sailrace since its inception in 1947 . "  We have had world-class sailors in this race . " Race organizers work with the governor and tourism official in Baja California , Mexico , "  to make sure everybody has a good time , " said vice commodore Dave Shockley . The post-race party recently went upscale , moving to the elegant Hotel Coral and Marina from a downtown Ensenada motel in need of a coat of paint . The old motel was a longtime sentimental favorite , where race organizers maintained a tradition of using a bucket to pass results and notes up and down the outdoor floors . Economics of sailing In the 1980s , the competition lured about 680 boats , its peak . The more than 200 boats in this year 's race marked an increase from recent years , especially since the recession hit in 2008 . In 2011 , the race experienced its lowest turnover ever , 175 sailboats , Iverson said . "  When the downturn came in 2008 , it really affected us , and the number of boats declined , " Iverson said . Some sailors and their families had also dropped from participation because of the intense U.S.-Mexico security and lengthy border checks , prompted by cartel violence and smuggling . "  No one wants to drive down here anymore , " said sailracer Peter Bretschger , past commodore of the Balboa Yacht Club , a regatta co-sponsor . However , he and several hundred partiers were n't daunted , evidenced in the after race celebration in the hotel courtyard . This year 's contest , with its finish line now located off the hotel marina , enjoyed extraordinary winds : a 60-ft trimaran , the Loe Real from San Diego , did n't even have to sail overnight and finished just before sunset , setting a race record for second fastest time ever for a multi-hull , at 7:03:51 . The multi-hull record still belong to adventurer Fossett , whose 60-ft Stars and Stripes catamaran completed the course in 6:46:40 in 1998 . It was n't just children showing a trailblazing spirit in the race . Rhonda Toller was among the small but growing number of women racers . "  I grew up power boating my entire life and I always dreamed of sailing , " she said . She 's now been sailing for six years and owns a 57-ft sailboat . "  It 's just really fun to come to Mexico , " she added . Under a full moon , CNN Newsdesk Editor Michael Martinez cruised the Newport-to-Ensenada course in the 50-ft bluewater sailboat Permanent Waves , courtesy of skipper J. Scott Huston and his crew .	Newport to Ensenada International Yacht Race dubbed the world 's largest international yacht race More than 200 boats set sail this year as it celebrates its 66th anniversary The race has changed some safety rules since 2012 's fatal accident Children as young as age 9 sale overnight from Newport to Ensenada
CNN  -- Police in Bahrain regularly resort to beating anti-government protesters , despite officials ' pledges to stop such practices , a human rights group said Sunday . A Bahraini government spokesman denied that allegation and others made in the Human Rights Watch report . "  The allegations are absurd , and unfortunately , we ask for human rights organizations not to rely on unreliable sources , " said government spokesman Abdul-Aziz bin Mubarak Al Khalifa . Human Rights Watch said interviews revealed at least five instances in the past month in which police severely beat detainees -- some of whom were minors , according to a report issued after representatives from the group finished a five-day visit to the island nation . Visible injury marks appeared to confirm details of accounts from former detainees interviewed by Human Rights Watch , the organization said . Treatment of prisoners inside police stations and formal detention facilities has improved , Human Rights Watch said , and Bahrain appears to have made "  rapid progress " in eliminating torture inside police stations after a committee last year recommended installing video cameras there . But now , according to Human Rights Watch , beating and torture of prisoners is continuing at informal facilities and in secluded outdoor areas , where detainees have been taken for up to two hours before they 're transferred to police stations . "  Bahrain 's leaders need to make clear that they will investigate and punish those responsible for abuses when the cameras are off , " Human Rights Watch said . The Bahraini government spokesman said Human Rights Watch 's relationship with political activists "  is such that they do n't check the legitimacy or facts behind the allegations . " CNN has not independently confirmed the rights group 's report . Al Khalifa said the government has taken steps to implement recommendations made by an independent commission last year . Dozens of officers are currently being investigated under a new government system to look into torture allegations , he said . Sunday 's Human Rights Watch report comes amid growing global scrutiny of the human rights situation in the Gulf state . Earlier this month opposition groups in Bahrain and politicians around the world called for officials to cancel a Formula 1 race as violent clashes continued between activists and authorities . The Bahrain Grand Prix continued as scheduled , but protesters used the international spotlight on the race to call for the release of Abdulhadi al-Khawaja , a detained human rights activist who has been on a hunger strike for more than two months . The activist , who was arrested last April for his role in anti-government demonstrations that swept through his country , is protesting his life prison sentence . Last June , al-Khawaja and seven other Shiite opposition activists were found guilty of plotting to overthrow the country 's Sunni royal family . On Sunday , Bahrain 's information ministry denied that it was force-feeding al-Khawaja , saying in statement that al-Khawaja gave consent for doctors to insert a naso-gastric tube for nutrition after his blood sugar dropped . Demonstrations in Bahrain failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . In November of last year , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report critical of authorities ' reactions to the protests , which began in February 2011 , spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . The independent commission , set up by Bahrain 's King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa , found that between February and April of last year , 35 people were killed in unrest there . Two senior international advisers to Bahrain 's chief of public security told Human Rights Watch they had visited some of the informal facilities identified by the group , but found no evidence of detainees being taken there and mistreated . The chief said the government planned to improve police training to stop abuse , according to Human Rights Watch . Earlier this month , the state-run Bahrain News Agency published a statement responding to another report by Human Rights Watch that alleged Bahrain had not lived up to its commitments on reform . The nation 's Ministry of Human Rights and Social Development dismissed the criticism as rash , saying that Human Rights Watch report "  had ignored the positive developments in the country and the continuation of the reform process , " and that it was committed to the protection of human rights . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Mohammed Jamjoom and Peter Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The allegations are absurd , " a Bahraini government spokesman says Beating and torture is continuing at informal facilities , Human Rights Watch says A report says Bahrain has made "  rapid progress " eliminating torture inside police stations The report calls on Bahraini officials to investigate and punish abuses "  when the cameras are off "
CNN  -- A Nigerian immigrant is responsible for paying child support for twins conceived through in vitro fertilization with his wife -- even though the procedure took place at least a year after the couple had separated , Massachusetts ' highest appeals court has ruled . The court said Tuesday that because the husband , Chukwudera B. Okoli , had originally consented to the artificial insemination procedure , he is now responsible for the payments as the twins ' legal and biological parent , according to court documents . Okoli had argued that the agreement should be void because he had consented under duress . He said his ex-wife , Blessing , threatened to obstruct his U.S. citizenship application if he did not consent , the documents said . The two were married in Boston in 1991 and tried unsuccessfully to have children . They were eventually placed on a waiting list for donor eggs to pair with sperm that Okoli had donated . Though they separated in 2000 , donor eggs became available in November of the following year . Blessing Okoli then acquired the husband 's consent to begin the in vitro procedure at a fertility clinic in Boston . Their twins were born May 12 , 2003 . Court documents did not indicate Okoli 's current immigration status .	Twins were conceived through in vitro fertilization a year after the couple had separated The husband , an immigrant , argued he 'd consented to the procedure under duress He said his wife threated to obstruct his U.S. citizenship application A court rules that as the biological and legal father , he is responsible for child support
CNN  -- MotoGP championship leader Casey Stoner claimed his 10th pole position of 2011 on Saturday to boost his bid for a ninth victory this season at the Japan Grand Prix . After 14 of 18 meetings , the Australian holds a 44-point lead over world champion Jorge Lorenzo , who will start Sunday 's race second on the grid for Yamaha at Motegi . He broke Lorenzo 's 2008 lap record with a time of one minute 45.267 seconds to earn his first pole at the circuit , where he won last year 's race . Stoner 's teammate Andrea Dovizioso qualified third ahead of another Honda rider , Dani Pedrosa , while American Ben Spies claimed fifth for Yamaha . Honda 's Marco Simoncelli completed the third row for Honda , while fellow Italian and seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi was seventh for Ducati . Hiroshi Aoyama , in 11th , was the highest-placed Japanese rider for what will be an emotional day . Motorcycling 's top names had initially refused to travel to Motegi due to health fears after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was damaged during March 's earthquake and tsunami . They backed down after MotoGP officials refused to cancel the race , but Stoner arrived late to reduce any exposure to radiation and Lorenzo told reporters that he had been washing with bottled water despite experts insisting the Motegi area is safe from any fallout . But the riders have helped raise $ 140,000 for the "  We are for Japan " campaign , with Aoyama to present the check to local officials before the race . "  Everything has gone very well so far this weekend . We 've been fastest in all but one session , so it 's been fantastic , " 2007 world champion Stoner told the MotoGP website . "  We 'll have to watch the weather as this will affect the set-up . There 's also a chance of rain , so it could get complicated . Jorge has been riding fantastic , as has Dovi and Dani , but there is no doubt that the Honda suits this track . "	Casey Stoner will start Sunday 's Japan Grand Prix at front of the grid Honda star sets new lap record at Motegi as he heads off Jorge Lorenzo Riders have raised more than $ 140,000 for the "  We are for Japan " campaign Stars had initially refused to compete in Japan due to radiation fears
CNN  -- The anti-regime demonstrations pulsating across Syria have resulted in a security hunt for snipers and a wave of arrests Saturday . Syrian security forces are searching for members of an "  armed group " that killed "  a number of citizens and security forces " in the Damascus suburb of Douma on Friday , the Syrian Arab News Agency reported on Saturday . SANA cited an unidentified official source as saying that snipers from the group fired at civilians and security forces from rooftops . This is disputed by activists and eyewitnesses who told CNN that government snipers fired shots at unarmed protesters and government forces beat demonstrators . "  Security forces are pursuing the members of the armed group that terrorized the citizens through firing randomly , " SANA reported , citing the source who does n't identify the group in question . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said security forces in the volatile southern city of Daraa and in Homs arrested on Saturday about 20 people who had demonstrated the day before . Protests on Friday swept through Syria , one of the latest Arab countries to endure grassroots discontent . At least 10 people , nine of them in Douma , were killed on Friday , according to human rights activists . Another person was killed in Al Sanameen near Daraa . SANA reported that a girl was killed when the armed group opened fire on civilians in the city of Homs . Along with the protests in Douma , Daraa , Homs , and Al Sanameen , people also took to the streets in Latakia , Baniyas and Kamishli on Friday , activists told CNN . Before Friday 's fighting , dozens of people were killed in the last two weeks across Syria , with many deaths reported in the southern city of Daraa , where popular demonstrations started , and the coastal city of Latakia , activists say . Demonstrators , say they are oppressed and have poor living conditions under the regime of President Bashar al-Assad regime , and that they have been targeted for simply expressing themselves . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights is calling for "  authorities to release all prisoners of conscience in Syrian prisons , and stop political practice of arbitrary detention against political opponents and civil society activists and human rights , and carry out all procedures to ensure that the citizens of their legitimate right to peaceful assembly and expression of opinion and not to restrict these rights . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement Saturday he is "  deeply concerned " about the unrest in Syria , "  where more civilian deaths have been reported during the latest popular demonstrations . Ban condemned the violence "  against peaceful demonstrations " and said Syria should heed international human rights obligations . He added his voice to demonstrators who are calling for change , saying "  there is no alternative to an immediate and inclusive dialogue on comprehensive reforms . " Activists are upset that al-Assad failed to announce the lifting of the country 's state of emergency during a national TV address on Wednesday and did n't properly address , in their view , complaints and concerns of people in the streets . On Thursday , however , Syria said it will study the idea of lifting the country 's state of emergency and promptly investigate the deaths of civilians and troops in Daraa and Latakia . Al-Assad ordered the Supreme Judicial Council to form a committee that would conduct "  an immediate investigation in all cases that killed a number of civilians and military personnel . " The committee exploring the lifting of the emergency law is expected to complete the study before April 25 . It will be made up of senior lawyers , SANA reported . One of the key demands of the demonstrators who have taken to the streets in the country 's major cities is the scrapping of the law , which has been in place since 1963 . The emergency law allows the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . It also bars detainees who have n't been charged from filing court complaints or from having a lawyer present during interrogations . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Syria searching for members of ` armed group ' At least 11 people were killed on Friday Around 20 arrests made in Daraa and Homs
CNN  Philippines security forces killed one of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists during an otherwise disastrous mission in the south of the country last month , DNA tests indicate . Commandos in pursuit of the notorious Malaysian bomb maker Zulkifli bin Hir , also known as Marwan , took a DNA sample from the scene of their assault on their target , and passed it to the FBI for testing . Marwan -- believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah 's central command -- had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by Philippine security forces in 2012 . But preliminary results from the tests showed a link with a known relative of Marwan , said David Bowdich , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Los Angeles field office . While the testing could not yet provide "  absolute identification , " he said , "  the results do support that the biological sample provided by Philippine authorities came from Marwan . " Marwan 's brother , Rahmat bin Hir , is in a California prison following a 2007 arrest for conspiracy to provide "  material support to terrorists . " The FBI has been offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to Marwan 's capture , in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a California court . It accuses him of being a supplier of IEDs to terrorist organizations , and having conducted bomb-making training for terror groups , including the Philippines-based Abu Sayyaf . "  He was the leader of Jemaah Islamiyah within the Philippines , the most senior figure , " said Clarke Jones , a terrorism expert at Australian National University , who works on de-radicalizing Islamist terrorists in Philippine prisons . The Philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim south for years , and last year signed a peace agreement with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  , the largest rebel group in the region . Marwan , was believed to be affiliated with the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters  BIFF  , a hardline splinter group which rejected the peace deal , and had claimed responsibility for bombings in the region , said Jones . At large since 2003 , he had been able to operate in relative safety from his base in the southern Philippines , said Jones . He said the killing of Marwan would "  without a doubt " disrupt the BIFF 's activities . "  He was a key agitator in disrupting the peace accord between MILF and the Philippines government , " he said . "  This is a major blow to the militants down south . " The mission to get Marwan late last month went disastrously awry , with 44 members of the police 's elite Special Action Force  SAF  unit killed in a 12-hour firefight after ambushing the bomb maker in the southern province of Maguindanao . Authorities said that as commandos were retreating from their assault , they came under fire from members of the BIFF . In maneuvering away from the BIFF onslaught , they strayed into territory controlled by the MILF , and further fighting ensued , shattering a three-year ceasefire . A national day of mourning was declared as the men were laid to rest . In a eulogy , the deputy director of the Special Action Force , Police Chief Superintendent Noli G. Talino , expressed his guilt at having failed to safely extract the fallen men . "  Is it worth it ? One international terrorist equivalent to 44 SAF troopers ? " he asked . "  I 'm sure if you will ask them , it is worth it . " READ MORE : Dozens of Philippine police killed in raid on ` high value ' bomb makers READ MORE : Philippines honors 44 slain commandos with day of mourning CNN 's Arlene Samson-Espiritu contributed to this report .	The FBI says a DNA sample taken from a raid in the Philippines matches a relative of Marwan Marwan is an FBI most wanted terror suspect , suspected of being behind bombing campaigns 44 elite Philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last month
CNN  -- Democrats have been hosting their party 's convention for 180 years . Here 's a look , by the numbers , at the Democratic Party past and present : 1828 -- The year that Andrew Jackson , considered the first Democratic president , was elected to office . 8 -- Number of U.S. Presidents who have belonged to the Democratic Party since 1900 . 31 % -- Number of Americans that identify themselves as Democrats , as of 2012 . John King : To win , Obama must make history again 20 -- Number of Democratic governors in the U.S. as of 2012 . 51 -- Number of Democrats in the U.S. Senate as of 2012 . 26 -- Longest stretch in years that Democrats controlled the Senate , from 1955 to 1981 . Speakers : Democratic National Convention 190 -- Number of Democrats in the U.S. House as of 2012 . 40 -- Longest stretch in years that Democrats controlled the House of Representatives , from 1955 to 1995 . 334 -- Number of Democrats in the House during the 75th Congress  1937-1939  , compared to 88 Republicans . 1832 -- Year of the first Democratic National Convention , in Baltimore . BREAKING : Obama 's speech to move indoors $ 57.5 million -- Amount of money raised by President Obama and the DNC in July 2012 . $ 90.9 million -- Amount spent by President Obama and the DNC in July 2012 . 53 % - Percentage of donations to the Obama campaign that have been for $ 200 or less . $ 25.3 million -- Amount raised by pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA during the campaign .	8 -- U.S. Presidents who have belonged to the Democratic Party since 1900 $ 57.5 million -- Amount raised by President Obama and the DNC in July 2012 $ 90.9 million -- Amount spent by Obama and the DNC in July 2012 $ 25.3 million -- Amount raised by pro-Obama super PAC
To prove she was n't just an opportunist hoping to use a U.S. Senate seat in New York as a ticket to bigger things , then-first lady Hillary Clinton tried to show voters that she cared about their values and views -- she listened . More than a year before the 2000 election , Clinton sat in farmhouses and in community centers , listening to voters ' needs and concerns and their problems with government . Many liberal and progressive activists do n't trust Clinton because they think she sides with big banks and big money instead of the middle class and they 're wary of her on national security . With a Clinton presidential campaign a possibility , they want the same treatment New York voters got . What would cause Clinton not to run for president ? "  If there was an actual , authentic ' I am going to listen to you about your issues ' from Clinton , instead of kind of pounding the drum of inevitability and stampeding over the left on her way to assumed victory , that would be effective , " said Sally Kohn , a progressive activist , CNN contributor and Clinton critic . Until then , the trust deficit between Clinton and the left of her party will grow , Kohn and other liberals predict . Activists point to Clinton 's voting record in the Senate , where she voted to authorize the Iraq war and increase domestic surveillance . They say that and decisions her husband made while president , like the Defense of Marriage Act and the authorization of the North American Free Trade Agreement , give her little street cred among liberals and populists . 5 things we learned from Bill Clinton interview Possibly the biggest concern among liberals is Clinton 's coziness with Wall Street , their big bogeyman . Since leaving the State Department in 2013 , she has spoken at events sponsored by Wall Street giants like Fidelity , Goldman Sachs and Ameriprise Financial , and during her Senate runs and 2008 presidential run , Clinton defended lobbyists . "  I do n't think she has been aggressive on the banks , " said Nelini Stamp , a progressive political organizer from New York . "  When I think of Hillary Clinton , I actually think she is in bed with some of the banks and Wall Street is her ally . " There is also an overarching suspicion among liberals that Clinton is saying what she needs to get elected , but would govern differently . "  You wonder if it is a pivot or whether she is saying what the moment demands , " Kohn said . Starting in May , before Clinton crisscrossed the country selling her book "  Hard Choices , " the former secretary of state started to talk about populist and liberal issues like college affordability and income inequality . Zelizer : Are Democrats afraid of the income inequality issue ? Clinton told an audience at the liberal New American Foundation in May that "  the dream of upward mobility that made this country a model for the world feels further and further out of reach " and because of that , "  many Americans understandably feel frustrated , even angry . " Clinton has also recently labeled college affordability "  one of the biggest problems we have in the country , " and says if she were elected president she would "  tackle growth , which is the handmaiden of inequality . " People close to her have started to trumpet her record on pay equity and the minimum wage . "  She has come with a more populist tone because she knows what people want to hear , " Stamp said . Asked if she trusts Clinton when she talks about income inequality , Stamp said bluntly , "  Right now , not that much . " Clinton would back limits on money in politics Clinton 's changing message has been overshadowed by gaffes during her book tour , like countering questions about her wealth by saying her family was "  dead broke " when it left the White House . At the same time , possible opponents from the left -- like Sen. Elizabeth Warren , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and Vice President Joe Biden -- have generated more buzz among liberals as alternatives to Clinton . Other than changing her tune , Clinton has n't been quick to address liberals who have questions for her . Instead of sitting down with them -- something that a candidate would certainly do , especially one battling distrust -- she has continued to hold events around her book and her family 's foundation . Polls might explain why she has n't reached out yet : Right now , liberals do n't matter that much to whether Clinton would win the Democratic nomination in 2016 . A CNN/ORC International Poll from June found that only 11 % of Democrats want a more liberal option to Clinton . Twenty percent want someone more conservative and 63 % want Clinton . What 's more , a Washington Post/ABC News poll from the same time showed that 72 % of self-described liberals supported Clinton , a number that was larger than moderate and conservative Democrats . But liberals do make a lot of noise . Some of that has already boosted possible opponents from the left . Earlier this month both Biden and Warren ignited the crowd of liberal bloggers and activists at the annual Netroots Nation conference in Detroit . Warren 's speech was interrupted by chants of "  Run , Liz , Run " from eager supporters who want to see her challenge Clinton for the presidency . Clinton was n't there , instead continuing with her "  Hard Choices " memoir tour in St. Paul , Minnesota , and Madison , Connecticut . While Stamp , who attended Netroots Nation , said there was n't an overarching feeling of being snubbed by Clinton , she acknowledged , "  It would have been interesting to hear her in a progressive setting . " "  People want to hear from a potential candidate and have those candidates hear about the work they are doing on the ground , " she added . After the conference , left-leaning Democrats said they felt more energized and organized than ever -- and they hope that will lead to more influence on who their party nominates in 2016 . Rubio calls Clinton a ' 20th century ' candidate "  She should n't be the inevitable candidate , " said Erica Sagrans , the campaign manager for Ready for Warren , an effort to enlist Warren to run for president in 2016 . "  Our take is that no one should feel like they ca n't support a candidate that they like or are excited about just because there is a lot of support for Hillary . " Ready for Warren is a direct response to what many liberal organizers say is an assumption of inevitability among the cadre of groups and political operatives organizing for a possible Clinton campaign . The name itself is a play on Ready for Hillary , an organized group of Clinton loyalists who have raised over $ 8 million to help Clinton if she chooses to run in 2016 . Sagrans , whose group received a great deal of attention at Netroots this month , said it hopes to "  channel the excitement about Warren into tangible results and a tangible organization . " But just as much as the group 's goal is to "  elevate Warren , " as Sagrans said , progressives also want to direct the 2016 conversation . On this goal , progressives seem to be winning . Clinton has talked more about populist issues since embarking on the book tour and will likely be forced to continue this rhetoric if she runs for president . And liberals hope their influence will grow with time . "  There is this sort of inherent question , is Hillary ready for us ? " Kohn said about 2016 . "  It is not enough to just be the next in line . The question is : Are you really , truly listening ? " Clinton stands by ` Russia reset ' comments in the face of events	Progressives see Clinton as closer to the banks than to the middle class Clinton 's record on national security also makes them wary Liberals like Elizabeth Warren and Martin O'Malley are getting some buzz on the left
CNN  -- Money , husbands , record deals or a free stay at a celebrity sober living house . Just when you thought there could n't be a more shocking trade-off for national exposure on a reality show , E! brings you "  Bridalplasty . " The new series , set to make its debut November 28 at 9 p.m. , will feature 12 brides-to-be competing for a different plastic surgery each week as they prepare to walk down the aisle . Despite "  Bridalplasty 's " unsettling tagline -- "  the only show where the winner gets cut " -- the reality competition follows a surprisingly standard format : Each week , the contestants will participate in a wedding - or relationship-themed challenge , such as picking the perfect dress , according to Jason Sarlanis , vice president of original programming and series development for E! So what 's the grand prize ? The last bride standing will receive her dream wedding , paid for by the show , and the remaining procedures on a "  wish list , " which she drafts at the beginning of the season with the help of Dr. Terry Dubrow , who appeared on Fox 's "  The Swan " in 2004 . The procedures will range from veneers and Botox to breast augmentations and tummy tucks . And like many reality competition shows , a winner is granted immunity each week and thus is exempt from competing the following episode . But , on "  Bridalplasty , " immunity is also a form of "  medical leave . " " -LSB- Contestants -RSB- will wait until they 're ready to return -- doctor 's orders , " Sarlanis said . "  They wo n't participate in any part of the episode that could mess with recuperation . " But recovery time is not the only concern for Dr. John Diaz , a board-certified plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills , California , who is not affiliated with the show . Diaz says , "  By competing in a show like this , patients might feel pressured to undergo surgeries they would n't have under normal circumstances . " That pressure , he says , can stem from contestants ' peers on the show , as well as the fact that the surgeries are free . "  If a contestant is only interested in her nose , but every other woman around her is talking about her breasts , all of a sudden , she may feel pressure to do her breasts , as well , " Diaz said . "  It 's almost like a peer pressure spurred on by this competition . " Diaz also said that major events , like weddings or reunions , sometimes cause people to evaluate their appearance . "  Who does n't want to look their best on their wedding day ? " Sarlanis said . "  Plastic surgery is a taboo topic , and a lot of people support it , and a lot of people consider it a guilty pleasure , and a lot of people are against it . " He added : "  A show like this could go different ways . At the end of the day , we 're making a really great show . " Supporters and critics alike agree that "  Bridalplasty " will most likely be a hit . "  This is the natural , absurd next step for reality programming . ... It has all the elements of what would be successful for a faceless demographic : bridal themes , aspiration themes , plastic surgery , " said Colby Hall , the managing editor of Mediaite.com , a website that assesses print , online and broadcast media . "  It 's going to be a huge hit in the way ` Jersey Shore ' was a huge hit , " he added . "  It 's a train wreck to watch , but people will love to sort of feel better than the participants . " Sarah Polonsky , senior editor at BettyConfidential.com , said she 's worried the show will send a negative message to viewers -- "  equating cash to plastic surgery . " "  Anyone emotionally unstable enough to desire that much plastic surgery really needs Botox for the soul , " Polonsky said . "  They should be giving out therapy instead of nose jobs . ... When you start planning a wedding to include lip -LSB- injections -RSB- and rhinoplasty in addition to flower arrangements , it 's almost as belittling to your groom as it is to yourself . " Of course , "  Bridalplasty " is not the first TV show about plastic surgery . "  The Swan " and ABC 's "  Extreme Makeover " both followed subjects who went under the knife to modify their appearance . These shows are a double-edged sword for plastic surgeons , said Dr. Phil Haeck , a practicing plastic surgeon in Seattle , Washington , and president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons . "  It puts plastic surgery in a possible negative light , in that it cheapens the value of surgery . ... On the other hand , it does generate some talk -- both positive and negative , " Haeck said . "  From a marketing standpoint , any time your product is talked about generically , it may be somewhat beneficial . " And "  Bridalplasty " is certainly generating talk . "  In today 's entertainment landscape , the most absurd and crazy idea wins , " Hall said . "  This certainly feels like the most absurd and crazy TV show in a long time . "	Reality TV show will feature 12 brides-to-be competing for a different plastic surgeries The winner will receive her dream wedding and the rest of the procedures on her "  wish list " "  Bridalplasty " is set to make its debut November 28
CNN  Whenever ISIS carries out a new atrocity , whether it 's beheading a group of Egyptian Christians or enslaving Yazidi women in Iraq or burning its victims alive , the big question most people have is : Why on Earth is ISIS doing this ? What could possibly be the point ? Adding to your list of enemies is never a sound strategy , yet ISIS ' ferocious campaign against the Shia , Kurds , Yazidis , Christians , and Muslims who do n't precisely share its views has united every ethnic and religious group in Syria and Iraq against them . ISIS is even at war with its most natural ally , al Qaeda in Syria . The Nazis and the Khmer Rouge went to great lengths to hide their crimes against humanity . Instead , ISIS posts its many crimes on social media for global distribution with seemingly no thoughts for the consequences . ISIS ' beheading of the American journalist James Foley in mid-August galvanized much of the Western world against the group and led to an intensified U.S.-led air campaign against ISIS , which , according to U.S. military officials , has killed at least 6,000 of its fighters . The burning to death by ISIS of the Jordanian pilot , Muath al-Kaseasbeh , galvanized much of the Arab world against the group and has brought Jordan into the U.S.-led campaign against ISIS in a much more aggressive manner . The beheading of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya by an ISIS affiliate led Egypt 's air force on Monday to drop bombs on ISIS positions in eastern Libya . Former CIA director Robert Gates is reported to have kept a maxim on his desk that read , "  As a general rule , the way to achieve complete strategic surprise is to commit an act that makes no sense or is even self-destructive . " ISIS keeps surprising the world and its actions do indeed seem to make no sense or are self-destructive . So what is going on here ? A key window into understanding ISIS is its English language "  in-flight magazine " Dabiq . Last week the seventh issue of Dabiq was released , and a close reading of it helps explains ISIS ' world view . The mistake some make when viewing ISIS is to see it as a rational actor . Instead , as the magazine documents , its ideology is that of an apocalyptic cult that believes that we are living in the end times and that ISIS ' actions are hastening the moment when this will happen . The name of the Dabiq magazine itself helps us understand ISIS ' worldview . The Syrian town of Dabiq is where the Prophet Mohammed is supposed to have predicted that the armies of Islam and "  Rome " would meet for the final battle that will precede the end of time and the triumph of true Islam . In the recent issue of Dabiq it states : "  As the world progresses towards al-Malhamah al-Kubra ̄ ,  ` the Great Battle ' to be held at Dabiq  the option to stand on the sidelines as a mere observer is being lost . " In other words , in its logic , you are either on the side of ISIS or you are on the side of the Crusaders and infidels . When American aid worker Peter Kassig was murdered by ISIS in November , "  Jihadi John " -- the masked British murderer who has appeared in so many ISIS videos -- said of Kassig : "  We bury the first crusader in Dabiq , eagerly waiting for the rest of your armies to arrive . " In other words , ISIS wants a Western ground force to invade Syria , as that will confirm the prophecy about Dabiq . We live in an increasingly secularized world , so it 's sometimes difficult to take seriously the deeply held religious beliefs of others . For many of us the idea that the end of times will come with a battle between "  Rome " and Islam at the obscure Syrian town of Dabiq is as absurd as the belief that the Mayans had that their human sacrifices could influence future events . But for ISIS , the Dabiq prophecy is deadly serious . Members of ISIS believe that they are the vanguard fighting a religious war , which Allah has determined will be won by the forces of true Islam . This is the conclusion of an important forthcoming new book about ISIS by terrorism experts J.M. Berger and Jessica Stern who write that ISIS , like many other "  violent apocalyptic groups , tend to see themselves as participating in a cosmic war between good and evil , in which moral rules do not apply . " This also similar to the conclusion of an excellent new cover story about ISIS in the Atlantic magazine by Graeme Wood who writes , "  Virtually every major decision and law promulgated by the Islamic State  another name for ISIS  adheres to what it calls , in its press and pronouncements , and on its billboards , license plates , stationery , and coins , ` the Prophetic methodology , ' which means following the prophecy and example of Muhammad , in punctilious detail . Muslims can reject the Islamic State ; nearly all do . But pretending that it is n't actually a religious , millenarian group , with theology that must be understood to be combated , has already led the United States to underestimate it . " Amen to that . ISIS members devoutly believe that they are fighting in a cosmic war in which they are on the side of good , which allows them to kill anyone they perceive to be standing in their way with no compunction . This is , of course , a serious delusion , but serious it is .	The group 's atrocities have angered Americans , Jordanians and Egyptians Bergen : ISIS actions only make sense if you realize that its aim is the apocalypse .
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A massive car bomb tore through the heart of a bustling marketplace in Peshawar , Pakistan , Wednesday , killing at least 100 people -- including many women and children -- and injuring at least 200 others , officials said . A vehicle packed with 150 kilograms  330 pounds  of explosives detonated at the Meena Bazaar , a labyrinth of shops popular with women . The impact destroyed buildings , burying people underneath the rubble , and sparked massive fires in the shops , mosques , and homes . In a year of seemingly endless militant attacks in Pakistan , this was the deadliest . Those who survived described a narrow escape : "  I ducked quickly and when I looked up it was complete darkness , " said Imdad . "  I could n't see anyone . The cars and the van were lying upside down . " Are you there ? Send your photos and videos to iReport Fareed Ullah , a student at a nearby mosque , was injured when he fell from the second floor as he tried to escape a fire ignited by the blast at the Meena Bazaar . "  We only saw a red blaze and nothing else , " he said from his hospital bed . "  My friends and I fell from the second floor . We did n't know where we were . " The remote-controlled detonation killed at least 100 people and injured as many as 200 others , hospital and government officials said . The deaths include 68 males and 32 females , including 10 children , the head of the main hospital in Peshawar said . The car bomb left a 10-foot-wide crater , and the flames spread quickly through stores selling highly flammable fabric . Residents and shopkeepers expressed outrage that militants were able to carry out the attack in broad daylight , the latest in a string of militant attacks targeting civilians in Peshawar . "  What kind of security alert is this ? It was an explosives-packed car , " a middle-aged shopkeeper at Meena Bazaar said . "  Look at the mosque , it ceases to exist anymore . For God 's sake , do something ! " "  Increasing chaos " in Pakistan The Peshawar car bombing was the deadliest terrorist attack on Pakistan since the October 2007 attack on a homecoming rally for former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . More than 135 people were killed in the suicide bombing in Karachi . Bhutto escaped harm , but she was assassinated two months later . Wednesday 's bombing happened hours after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in the Pakistani capital , Islamabad , to shore up U.S. support in nuclear-armed Pakistan , as it battles a rising Taliban insurgency . Clinton condemned the strike , and dared the militants who were responsible to put down their arms and appeal to the Pakistani people through the political process . "  If the people behind the attacks were so sure of their beliefs , let them join the political process , let them come forth to the people and make their case that they do n't want girls to go to school , that they want women to be kept back , that they believe they have all the answers , " Clinton said in a joint news conference with her Pakistani counterpart in Islamabad . "  They know they are on the losing side of history but they are determined to take as many lives with them as their movement is finally exposed for the nihilistic , empty effort that it is , " she said of those responsible for the car bombing in Peshawar . Read more about Clinton 's comments on blast Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also condemned the deadly attack , offering his condolences to the victims and their families and directly addressing the attackers . "  We will not buckle , we will fight you because we want stability and peace in Pakistan , " Qureshi said . "  You are on the run and we know that . We defeated you in Swat and Malakand . You think by attacking innocent people and lives you will shake our determination ? No , sir , you will not . " The attack is the deadliest terrorist attack carried out in Peshawar , the capital of North West Frontier Province which has been the site of five militant strikes this month alone . A suicide car bombing on October 9 in Khyber Bazaar killed at least 49 people and injured 135 others . And , just last Friday , a car bomb exploded outside a banquet hall in Peshawar , wounding at least 15 people . The massive casualties in Wednesday 's bombing prompted a state of emergency at Lady Reading Hospital in Peshawar , where most of the injured were treated . The hospital appealed to other medical centers -- and to the public -- to donate blood , hospital officials said . North West Frontier Province is bearing the brunt of the massive civilian displacement from Pakistan 's military offensive in the neighboring tribal region along the Afghan border . More than 180,000 civilians have fled to North West Frontier Province from the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , according to the United Nations . Pakistan 's military offensive is currently focused on South Waziristan , where the government believes the Pakistani Taliban has masterminded numerous attacks , including the October 10 siege of Pakistan 's army headquarters in Rawalpindi , outside Islamabad . That siege and other attacks outside the tribal region have raised concerns about the ability of government forces to maintain control . President Obama signed legislation this month providing an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years . The White House is working on a comprehensive review of U.S. strategy in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan . Peshawar is a strategic city for both Taliban militants and the U.S. and NATO military , who are waging a battle against Taliban militants in neighboring Afghanistan . Located about 100 miles  167 kilometers  northwest of the capital , Islamabad , Peshawar sits on the main supply route into Afghanistan and is the gateway to Pakistan 's ungoverned tribal regions . Journalists Nazar al Islam , Nasir Habib and CNN 's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Explosion hits bustling marketplace in Peshawar killing at least 100 people 10 children among those killed at Meena Bazaar More than 200 people injured in the blast which left a 10-foot-wide crater Incident comes as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visits Islamabad
Paris  CNN  -- U.S. , European and Arab leaders delivered a strong warning to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi on Saturday , saying he must stop attacking his own people or else face international military action . The warning , announced by French President Nicolas Sarkozy at the end of a last-minute meeting in Paris , came as Sarkozy revealed French fighter jets were already flying over rebel-held areas of Libya to protect the population . "  If there is not an immediate cease-fire and withdrawal of the forces that have been attacking civilian populations in the last few weeks , our countries will have recourse to military means , " Sarkozy said , adding that all participants at the meeting endorsed the warning . French planes fired on a Libyan military vehicle Saturday evening , according to the French Defense Ministry . Participants at the meeting in Paris agreed on an urgent need to act . They agreed to use "  all necessary means , in particular , military means " to enforce a United Nations resolution authorizing the use of force against Libya , Sarkozy said . Gadhafi , however , "  has totally ignored this warning , " Sarkozy said . Sarkozy called it the "  murderous madness " of a regime that has "  forfeited all its legitimacy . " At the same time he spoke , Sarkozy said the French air force is opposing any aggression by Gadhafi 's forces against the population of rebel-held Benghazi . "  As of now , our aircraft are preventing planes from attacking the town , " Sarkozy said . "  Other French aircraft are ready to intervene against tanks . " Sarkozy said enforcing the U.N. no-fly zone through military action is not in order to impose a specific outcome -- such as regime change -- but is instead "  in the name of the universal conscience that will not endorse such crimes . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton echoed that idea , saying the purpose of enforcing the U.N. resolution is "  to protect civilians from their own government . " Sarkozy said Gadhafi still has a chance to "  avoid the worst " if he complies "  immediately and unreservedly " with the demands of the international community . "  The doors of diplomacy will open once again when the aggression stops , " he said . Sarkozy 's comments came at the end of Saturday 's meeting , which included delegations from the United States , Canada , European Union and Britain , along with Iraq , Morocco , the United Arab Emirates and the United Nations . In a communique , leaders said they have a long-term commitment in the area . "  We assure the Libyan people of our determination to be at their side to help them realize their aspirations and build their future and institutions within a democratic framework , " the statement said . British Prime Minister David Cameron , who was at the meeting in Paris , said participants decided to make Gadhafi face the consequences of his actions . "  Colonel Gadhafi has made this happen , " Cameron told the BBC . "  He has lied to the international community . He has promised a cease-fire , he has broken that cease-fire , he continues to brutalize his own people , and so the time for action has come . It needs to be urgent . " As they met , participants were "  aware of the news reports " coming out of Libya that show Libyan government forces moving toward Benghazi , a senior U.S. State Department official told reporters . "  Time is pressing , " Herman Van Rompuy , president of the European Council , told the meeting Saturday . "  Action is needed now to protect the population . " Clinton said Gadhafi 's forces "  face unambiguous terms " and that a cease-fire must be implemented immediately . "  That means all attacks against civilians must stop , " she said after the Paris meeting . "  Troops must stop advancing on Benghazi and pull back from Ajdabiya , Misrata and Zawiya . Water , electricity , and gas supplies must be turned on to all areas . Humanitarian assistance must be allowed to reach the people of Libya . " Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , another participant at the meeting , proposed the use of the NATO base in Naples as a command center for allied action in Libya , a spokesman for the Italian leader said . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Hada Messia contributed to this report	NEW : Leaders say they will be at the side of Libyan citizens France fires on Libyan military vehicle International leaders warn Gadhafi to stop attacking his own people Sarkozy calls it the "  murderous madness " of the Libyan regime
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A day after an election official announced that Nigeria 's parliamentary election was postponed for two days , the nation 's election commission announced that all elections would be pushed back a week . The Independent National Election Commission said the parliamentary , presidential and gubernatorial elections would be put off because of the late arrival of voting materials . "  We can not proceed with these elections if we want them to be free , fair and credible if there are no result sheets , " said Attahiru Jega , chairman of the election commission , on Saturday , when the parliamentary race was supposed to happen . "  We can not bury our heads and say there are no problems . It is regrettable . It is unfortunate . It should not have happened . " Jega also had said he took full responsibility for the fiasco but he said a vendor that was supplying results sheets and ballots was unable to deliver them on time . The vendor , said Jega , cited the diversion of planes to carry relief supplies to earthquake-stricken Japan as the reason for the delay . Citizens of Africa 's most populous nation were supposed to vote Saturday for 360 House of Representatives seats and 109 Senate seats . That vote will now be held April 9 . And they were scheduled to vote next Saturday in a presidential election and for state governors the following week , all of which has been bumped to April 16 and 26 , respectively . Before the logistical problems , the election , the most expensive in Nigeria 's history , had already been marred by riots , bombings and assassinations . "  The unprecedented levels of violence that have seen several people either killed , maimed , kidnapped or intimidated for political reasons pose the single most significant threat to the conduct of general elections , " warned the Nigeria Elections Situation Room -- a forum of groups focusing on the upcoming elections . Human Rights Watch estimates at least 70 people have been killed in political violence in the run-up to the voting . The European Union described Nigeria 's 2007 elections as the worst they had ever seen anywhere in the world , with rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . Nigeria had hoped to gain a cleaner image this year . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Late arrival of voting material has forced the delays The election commission chairman had apologized for the delay The election is the most expensive in Nigerian history
CNN  -- It 's difficult to overestimate Quincy Jones 's contribution to American music . Over the last 60 years he has excelled as a musician , composer , record producer , arranger , conductor and media company executive . Quincy Jones has won 27 Grammy awards during his extraordinary career . In a career studded with landmarks , Jones produced Michael Jackson 's multi-platinum albums "  Off The Wall , " "  Bad " and "  Thriller " -- the best selling album of all time -- and produced and conducted "  We Are The World , " one of the biggest-selling singles in history . Quincy Delight Jones Jr. , known to his friends as "  Q , " was born on March 14 , 1933 , in Chicago . He moved to Seattle as a child and began playing trumpet aged 12 . When he was 14 he befriended a young Ray Charles , who taught him how to arrange music , and Jones was soon playing bebop in nightclubs , backing up the likes of Billie Holiday . In 1951 , Jones won a music scholarship at prestigious Schillinger House , in Boston , but he abandoned his studies to tour with bandleader Lionel Hampton . By the mid-50s , he was arranging and recording for the likes of Sarah Vaughan , Duke Ellington and his old friend Ray Charles . In 1956 he toured with Dizzy Gillespie 's Big Band , recording his first album as a leader in the same year . In 1957 , Jones moved to Paris to study music composition and theory , taking a job with Mercury Records ' French distributor to pay for his studies . After a European tour proved a financial disaster , the president of Mercury offered him a position at the record label and Jones soon became vice-president at the company . In the 60s , Jones worked as a conductor and arranger for Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald . He also began scoring music for films , including "  In the Heat of the Night , " "  In Cold Blood " and "  The Pawnbroker , " which featured his hit "  Soul Bossa Nova , " later re-used as the theme to the "  Austin Powers " movies . Jones would go on to score 33 movies during his career and he also composed the themes for TV shows such as "  Ironside , " "  The Bill Cosby Show " and "  Roots , " which earned him an Emmy award . Having made his name as a composer and arranger in the 70s , he moved away from jazz to record a series of hit albums of his own soulful music . See photos of Quincy in Seattle " Jones 's career was dramatically put on hold in 1974 , when he suffered a severe aneurysm , but it did little to stall his incredible drive . In the 80s , as well as producing three Michael Jackson albums and "  We are the World , " he co-produced and scored the Steven Spielberg movie "  The Color Purple , " and formed multi-media company Quincy Jones Entertainment . In his role as CEO he was executive producer of TV series "  The Fresh Prince of Bel Air " and published "  Vibe " and "  SPIN " magazines . His 1989 album "  Back On The Block " won Album Of The Year at the Grammys and 1993 's "  Miles and Quincy Live At Montreux " , featuring Jones conducting Miles Davis , earned another Grammy . All in all , Jones has won 27 Grammys , been nominated for seven Academy Awards , and has added to his business interests with Quincy Jones Media Group and Qwest Broadcasting . Perhaps because of his own upbringing in tough neighborhoods in Chicago and Seattle , Jones has long been involved in social activism . He supported Martin Luther King 's Operation Breadbasket , which promoted economic development in the inner cities , and worked on Reverend Jesse Jackson 's People United to Save Humanity project . Jones founded the Listen Up ! Foundation , which has worked on youth projects in Los Angeles and South Africa , and he helped launch the We Are the Future project , which helps children in poor and conflict-ridden areas . He is also one of the founders of the Institute for Black American Music  IBAM  , which raises money to establish a national library of African-American art and music . Over the course of his incredible career , Jones somehow found the time to marry three times and father seven children . In 1990 , his life was chronicled in the movie "  Listen Up : The Lives of Quincy Jones " and in 2001 , Jones published "  Q : The Autobiography of Quincy Jones . " Watch Quincy Jones on My City_My Life " Of his own career , which has taken him from being a teenage musician in the clubs of Seattle to a world-famous music mogul , Jones says , "  You have to turn all of your drunken dreams into sober realizations . I think I was blessed with the ability to see things and make them happen before everybody else saw them . "	Quincy Jones has excelled as a musician , composer and record producer He produced Michael Jackson 's "  Off the Wall " , "  Bad " and "  Thriller " albums He has won 27 Grammys and been nominated for seven Academy Awards He set up the Listen Up ! Foundation , which works on various youth projects
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Way back in 1888 , Kodak popularized the hobby of snapshot photography with its famous slogan : "  You press the button , we do the rest . " Zink paper is is dry , waterproof , smudge-proof , tear-proof , peel-off , sticky-backed -- and recyclable . Now , 120 years later , Zink says : "  Just add paper " and do it yourself . Zink is a zero-ink printing company that has updated the instant gratification that comes from developing pictures for the digital age . The pleasure of snapping a picture and admiring the print has n't changed , but the technology has , plus there is a new eco-friendly element . Zink paper is an advanced composite material with embedded yellow , magenta and cyan dye crystals that change color when heated . For a 2 "  x3 " print , a Zink-enabled printer uses 200 million heat pulses to activate and colorize 100 billion crystals , in 30 seconds , in a single pass . The final result is a photographically correct print that is not only completely dry , but also waterproof , smudge-proof , tear-proof , peel-off and sticky-backed -- not to mention recyclable . If Zink 's thermal printing process sounds familiar , it differs from D2T2  dye diffusion thermal transfer  , or dye sublimation technology , used by other companies such as Kodak , Canon or Sony , in one crucial aspect -- Zink involves zero ink . "  The source of heat conveyed to the printer head is similar , " says Steve Herchen , one of Zink 's original inventors and present chief technology officer . "  The advantage with Zink is that there is no need for an ink ribbon . The heat is applied directly to the paper . There are no gears , no motors , no mechanism is required to manage the ink ribbon . All the information is in the paper . " Inkless footprint So not only is Zink compact , it 's ecological . Because there is no ink , there are no empty ink-ribbon cartridges and no extra packaging to dispose of . "  The paper is the print , " concludes Herchen . "  Printers can be the smallest footprint of any printing technology . " As the company 's first consumer application to hit the market , the Zink-enabled Polaroid Instant Mobile Printer is only slightly bigger than an iPhone , weighs 230 grams , uses a rechargeable lithium-ion battery , and connects to a mobile phone via wireless Bluetooth or to a digital camera through a USB cable . The pocket printer will be available later this summer in the United States , United Kingdom , France , Germany , Spain , Italy and Russia , and will sell for about $ 150 , while Zink paper will be sold in packs of 10 or 30 , at 33-40 cents per sheet . With sales of camera phones and digital cameras growing exponentially , one can easily speculate about hundreds of billions of digital photos being snapped and "  trapped " on memory cards and hard drives around the world . But hold on a nanosec -- Why print to paper at all when we inhabit the global digisphere ? You know you want to "  Our research shows that in this digital age , more than ever , people still have a deep-rooted need to see , feel , mark , share or use their digital images or information in a physical form , " remarks Scott Wicker , Zink 's chief marketing officer . "  We know there 's a pent-up need to print , " confides Herchen , a 30-year Polaroid veteran . "  Even though not everyone wants to print every image , there is still a real customer need to be able to print on-the-go , whenever you want , wirelessly , from portable devices . " So far , Zink has partnered with Polaroid and manufacturer Alps Electric to produce the Instant Mobile Printer , and with toy-maker TakaraTomy and manufacturer Foxconn for an upcoming product . In addition , Zink has produced its own not-yet-released 6-megapixel digital camera-printer . If the combo-device does n't appeal immediately to all die-hard digerati , it might be more likely to win over Polaroid Instamatic nostalgics , or anyone keen on wallet-sized snaps and Japanese-style "  purikura " photo-sticker booths . Commemorating those Kodak moments Twenty-five-year-old student Caroline enjoys printing out those special shots for her scrapbook or making collages for friends , and she is happy to pick them up from the self-service kiosk after a short wait . "  I like to physically hold the prints and look at them in my hands , " she says . "  You appreciate a photo more when it 's not on the computer . It 's one that you 've taken the trouble to print , maybe even frame , so you pay more attention . " If one person 's print is that same person 's carbon footprint , most people seem to agree that printing remains an inalienable delight . Andy , of the Photo 2000 express kiosk in Hong Kong , confirms : "  About half of the people out there prefer to view their pictures printed , rather than on a computer . But all people like to see real photos . All our customers print photos for friends and family , never for business ... If they do n't want to print , then we close . " Whether instant or not , at least now zero-ink provides us with an environment-friendly alternative to satisfy our pent-up printing desires .	Zink technology is a thermal printing process on paper that involves zero ink Because it uses no ink-ribbon cartridge , it is ultra-compact and ecological More than ever in the digital age , people feel compelled to print their photos
CNN  -- Manchester City continued their lavish spending spree by sealing the capture of England international James Milner from Aston Villa in a deal reportedly worth $ 37 million . Milner put pen to paper on a five-year deal with the English Premier League side as Stephen Ireland traveled in the opposite direction . The 24-year-old is the latest in a long line of big-name players to sign for Roberto Mancini 's side , who are bankrolled by Abu Dhabi oil billionaire Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed al-Nahyan . Earlier this week City bought striker Mario Balotelli from Inter Milan , to add to the signings of ex-Barcelona midfielder Yaya Toure , Germany defender Jerome Boateng , Serbian defender Aleksander Kolarov as well as Spain winger David Silva in deals that amounted to a reported $ 195 million . Milner 's transfer was mooted long before he went to the World Cup with England , but he played his last game for Villa in their 3-0 defeat of West Ham on the opening day of the Premier League season on Saturday . He told City 's official website : "  It did n't take too much selling by the boss when you see the players who are already here and the plans for the club . "  The last thing he said to me was "  be ready for the next game , " and then he said "  be ready to win the Premier League , " and that 's my ultimate aim - that 's what I want to do and why I 'm here . "  There 's a lot of competition to get there , it 's where we all want to be . I 'm ambitious and I want to win trophies here . I believe this is a great place to do that and I believe we will do it . Hopefully , sooner rather than later . "  The move seems to have gone on a long time - now all I want to do is get out on the field and play . I 'm ready and raring to go now we 've finally got everything done . I ca n't wait to start a new chapter . " Mancini said he was delighted to finally seal the deal for Milner : "  I am very happy to have James with us , everybody knows we have admired him for some time . "  He is an excellent midfielder , who can play in a number of positions . This is important for the team , and I am looking forward to seeing him play for us . We have a very strong squad , and this signing is a very important one for us . "  James is already a very good player , who has proved he can play at the very top level . But he is also young and a good character . " As for Ireland , the 23-year-old ended his five-year association with City to move to Villa Park , after slipping down the pecking order at Eastlands . He told Villa 's official website : "  For me , my number one target is to work hard for my team-mates , show them what I can bring to the table , show them they can rely on me and that I am going to work hard for them week in , week out . "	Manchester City complete the signing of James Milner England international Milner signs five-year deal with City Stephen Ireland joins Aston Villa as part of Milner deal
CNN  -- The debate over the number of civilian casualties caused by CIA drone strikes in Pakistan is perhaps the most contentious issue in the often fraught U.S.-Pakistan relationship . On one side are US officials who assert that the strikes kill few , if any , Pakistani civilians . In June 2011 , President Barack Obama 's then-counterterrorism adviser John Brennan claimed improbably during a speech at the Johns Hopkins School for Advanced International Studies "  there has n't been a single collateral death because of the exceptional proficiency , precision of the capabilities that we 've been able to develop . " Two months later , U.S. officials speaking on condition of anonymity told the New York Times that around 50 civilians had been killed in drone strikes in Pakistan since the 9/11 attacks . On the other side of the debate are Pakistani officials such as the country 's powerful Interior Minister Rehman Malik , who asserted in 2012 that 80 % of the people killed in drone strikes were civilians . Earlier this year , before he stepped down as Interior Minister , Malik told Pakistani reporters that the strikes had killed mostly women and children . Similarly , Maulana Sami ul-Haq , leader of the Pakistani Islamist party Jamiat Ulama-i-Islam  JUI-S  , told crowds at a 2011 conference in Lahore that drones kill "  dozens of innocent people daily . " Now comes a leaked Pakistani government document that helps to shed light on some of the facts surrounding this debate . According to the internal Pakistani report , civilian casualties from drone strikes are much lower than has often been claimed in Pakistan , but they are also much higher than the U.S. government has asserted . The Pakistani government confirmed 10 civilian deaths in CIA drone strikes in 2009 , according to the leaked official document obtained this week by the Bureau of Investigative Journalism , a London-based organization that tracks the strikes . The report also found that from 2006 through October 24 , 2009 , civilians made up a minority of those killed in drone strikes : 147 civilians in a total death toll of 742 , or about 20 % . That number is somewhat lower than the estimates of Western nongovernmental organizations that track the strikes . The New America Foundation estimates that up to 207 civilians were killed from 2006 to October 24 , 2009 , along with up to 198 people who were not identified in reliable media reports to be either civilians or militants . Oddly , the leaked Pakistani report left out four strikes that occurred in 2007 . It also missed nine strikes from 2008 and 2009 , in which between eight and 10 civilians were reported killed , according to the New America Foundation 's tally . The leaked report is a welcome sign that the Pakistani government is making a concerted effort to confirm the identities of those who have been killed in U.S. drone strikes in the country 's remote tribal regions that border with Afghanistan . Pakistani authorities have long denounced the strikes , out of concern that civilian deaths caused by drone strikes inflame the local population , bolster militant groups and violate Pakistan 's sovereignty . The civilian casualty rate has declined steadily over the life of the CIA drone program as both technology and intelligence-gathering have improved . One civilian -- a 10-year-old boy -- has been confirmed killed so far in 2013 , according to reliable media reports . In 2012 , five civilians were confirmed killed , representing 2 % of the total deaths . As the civilian casualty rate has fallen , Pakistani officials who oppose the drone strikes have turned more frequently to the argument that they violate Pakistan 's sovereignty , regardless of whom they kill . Pakistan 's new Prime Minister , Nawaz Sharif , told parliament in June that "  We respect the sovereignty of others and they should respect our sovereignty and independence . This campaign must come to an end . " As Sharif wrangles with the United States over the future of the drone program , a complete and authoritative official Pakistani tally of civilian deaths caused by drones would be a useful tool for those discussions . The leaked Pakistani report is a step in the right direction .	U.S. drone program is especially controversial in Pakistan Peter Bergen : A leaked report suggests fewer civilian drone deaths than previously reported Pakistan 's new prime minister opposes drone program , cites issue of sovereignty Bergen : Having reliable estimates on drone deaths is important
He 's one of the best basketball players in the country , and he led his team to victory in Monday night 's NCAA championship game . But the University of Connecticut 's Shabazz Napier recently told reporters he sometimes goes to bed "  starving " because he ca n't afford food , despite that UConn 's student-athlete guidelines include provisions for meal plans . The remark got the attention of state lawmakers in Connecticut , who are now exploring legislative ways to allow athletes at UConn , a state institution , to unionize -- much like athletes are attempting at Northwestern University . Rep. Matthew Lesser said he and other state lawmakers are considering legislation . Unlike at Northwestern , a private institution governed by the National Labor Relations Board , Connecticut law governs whether employees at a public institution can unionize . "  He says he 's going to bed hungry at a time when millions of dollars are being made off of him . It 's obscene , " Lesser said . "  This is n't a Connecticut problem . This is an NCAA problem , and I want to make sure we 're putting pressure on them to treat athletes well . " Napier recently called the Northwestern union ruling "  kind of great " and said that although he appreciates his basketball scholarship , it does n't cover all of his expenses . "  I do n't feel student-athletes should get hundreds of thousands of dollars , but like I said , there are hungry nights that I go to bed and I 'm starving , " he said . Asked whether he felt like an employee -- a key distinction cited in the labor board 's Northwestern ruling -- the Huskies point guard responded , "  I just feel like a student-athlete , and sometimes , like I said , there 's hungry nights and I 'm not able to eat and I still got to play up to my capabilities . ... When you see your jersey getting sold -- it may not have your last name on it -- but when you see your jersey getting sold and things like that , you feel like you want something in return . " The Huskies played the University of Kentucky Wildcats in the NCAA men 's basketball finals in Arlington , Texas , on Monday night . Connecticut won 60-54 , fueled by a game MVP performance from Napier , who had 22 points , six rebounds and three assists . UConn 's student-athlete handbook lays out provisions for dining and says athletes can eat in any residence hall between 7 a.m. and 7:15 p.m. "  If you live off campus and your grant-in-aid includes meals , you may use your stipend to purchase an on-campus meal plan . ... This will entitle you to eat in any of the facilities , " the handbook states  PDF  . Phil Chardis , a spokesman for UConn athletics , issued a statement to that effect , telling CNN that "  Napier , like all our scholarship athletes , is provided the maximum meal plan that is allowable under NCAA rules . UConn does not have a cafeteria devoted specifically to student-athletes , but they have access to the same cafeterias which are available to all our students . " The comments come after a flurry of chatter about Northwestern football players challenging the long-established NCAA amateur model . Last month , the National Labor Relations Board ruled that Northwestern football players should be considered employees because of the hours they put in , the control the university has over them and the revenue they generate . But reaction was mixed , even among those who support NCAA reform . On Saturday , for the first time , two leaders on the Northwestern team said after a spring practice that they wo n't vote to unionize , and head coach Pat Fitzgerald said he told his players he did n't believe a union was in their best interest . Hours later , NCAA President Mark Emmert called the idea "  grossly inappropriate . " "  It would blow up everything about the collegiate model of athletics , " he said . The players at Northwestern , led by former quarterback Kain Colter and Ramogi Huma , founder of the National College Players Association and the College Athletes Players Association , say they want better medical coverage , concussion testing , four-year scholarships that cover the entire cost of attendance and the possibility of being paid . Northwestern is appealing the ruling to the National Labor Relations Board national office and maintains that student-athletes are not university employees but "  students , first and foremost . " Huma has said the Northwestern ruling would have national implications , but he would not talk about whether other schools ' teams were planning to hold union votes . At private schools like Duke and Stanford , the process would be similar to the path taken by Northwestern 's players . There have been indications that officials at those schools are closely monitoring what happens at Northwestern . However , at public schools , the process would vary from state to state .	Student-athlete handbook says meals provided between 7 a.m. and 7:15 p.m. University of Connecticut guard tells reporters he sometimes goes to bed "  starving " Remarks were in reaction to decision to allow Northwestern players to unionize Northwestern has appealed last month 's decision to national labor board office
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Sajida Faraj scoops mashed potatoes and peas onto her plate , not quite sure of the history behind her first Thanksgiving meal . But she knows how thankful she is to be at a church in Atlanta this November , lining up for turkey , stuffing and pecan pie . Sajida Faraj took a break to enjoy a Thanksgiving meal with fellow refugees . Three years ago she grabbed her son , now 12 , and fled Iraq . Her husband , a carpenter who worked for Americans , had left for the market one day in Baghdad and never returned . Faraj says she knows he is dead , even though she has never seen his body . When the rest of her family started to receive death threats , she felt she had no choice but to run . Faraj and her son , Ahmed , made it across the border to Syria and later entered the United States , two of more than 15,000 Iraqi refugees to be allowed in since the beginning of the war in 2003 . The Thanksgiving meal , served at the Avondale Pattillo United Methodist Church to dozens of refugees from far-flung places like Myanmar and Sudan as well as Iraq , is a welcome break for Faraj , who is struggling to build a new life . Unable to translate her skills as a Baghdad salon owner into a job as a stylist , Faraj does not have the money to pay $ 625 due in rent . "  I have an electricity bill to pay , I have no job , " she says . "  I have no way of knowing what to do . " Government and aid group assistance to refugees does not last long . Faraj plans to ask an aid group , the International Rescue Committee , for more help , but she 's not sure what else she can do . Soon she hopes her 21-year-old daughter will arrive from Syria and bring with her better luck . "  My daughter is coming and hopefully I will work , " she says , as Nepali dancers in elaborate costumes entertain the diners . Across the room , more and more refugees line up for the potluck dinner . "  Do n't worry , there will be enough food , " a man tells his two daughters , asking them to wait patiently . The man , Munir , and his wife , Fatima , hoped , like so many immigrants before them , that the United States would help them find a better life for them and their children . But the couple , who asked that their identities be protected for fear of reprisals against their family and friends still in Iraq , are considering ending their American dream after three months of struggle . College-educated and proficient in English , Fatima and Munir were shocked that the skills that provided them a comfortable living in Baghdad , as a mechanical engineer and lab technician , are of little advantage in an increasingly competitive U.S. job market . They spend much of their day at the IRC office in Atlanta , searching for employment , but are considering returning to Jordan , where they say they can find work , albeit illegally . "  I am worried that I will be thrown out on the street , " Fatima says . "  My Pakistani neighbors could n't find work and they were evicted and thrown out on the street . We are worried the same will happen to us . Many refugees we know have not found work and they have been here for eight months to a year . " Until 2007 , very few Iraqi refugees were resettled in the United States . For 2008 , the Bush administration set a goal of accepting 13,000 Iraqis . Most of the estimated 2.2 million people who have fled Iraq since the invasion are in Syria and Jordan , many living illegally . Their presence is straining infrastructure and social services there and driving food and housing prices higher . Far from the warmth of the Thanksgiving party , another Iraqi refugee has managed to find work at a supermarket seafood counter , helping customers with their requests for jumbo shrimp and crab cakes . "  I am like a manager , " says Muataz , with a glimmer of pride in his eye . "  I thank God that I have a job and that I am lucky . " Muataz , who also asked that his identity be protected , was a college-educated artist and shop owner in Baghdad . He fled Iraq with his wife and three children after he was run off the road and shot in the side on his way home from work . A friend who was with him died in the assault . Muataz is now able to support his family with the aid of food stamps and hopes that his wife will find a job to help out financially . Nevertheless , he has been able to afford Internet service for his children and a car . That kind of American dream is all Faraj wants as she stands at a bus stop , bundled in her head scarf and winter coat , the music and laughter of the IRC Thanksgiving dinner now just a distant memory . She is on her way to the local farmers market , where she plans to spend the morning waiting in line with 40 or 50 other people hoping to work . Faraj says she has hope . "  I wish for my children to be like -LSB- the Americans -RSB- , " she says in Arabic . "  I wish they would have their own car , home , job -- to be American . "  I wish that because in my country , unfortunately , I did not see that . Not during Saddam 's time or this new government . I wish I was still young . I would have left Iraq a long time ago . "	Iraqi refugee Sajida Faraj enjoys festivity of first American Thanksgiving dinner She 's still struggling ; some Iraqis ready to give up while others are established More than 15,000 Iraq refugees have entered United States since war began
CNN  -- A Florida cardiologist could have his medical license revoked by state authorities who have accused him of performing illegal stem cell therapy on a patient who died during the procedure . Florida 's Department of Health ordered the emergency suspension of Zannos Grekos ' medical license Wednesday , accusing the Bonita Springs doctor of violating an emergency order against using stem cell treatments in Florida and causing the death of an unidentified elderly patient . Grekos can appeal the order . According to the license suspension order , Grekos performed a stem cell treatment this month on the patient , who was suffering from pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary fibrosis . Both diseases restrict blood flow to the heart . "  During said stem cell treatment , patient R.P. suffered a cardiac arrest and died , " the suspension order said . CNN first investigated Grekos ' activities in 2009 , when he said he was using stem cell therapy for a company called Regenocyte Therapeutic . His profile , listed on the company 's website , describes Grekos as having "  extensive experience in the field of stem cell therapy " and says he "  was recently appointed to the Science Advisory Board of the United States ' Repair Stem Cell Institute . " At the time of CNN 's interview , Grekos said he extracted stem cells from patients and then sent the blood to Israel for laboratory processing . That processing , he said , resulted in "  regenocytes , " which he said would help heal crippling diseases , mostly associated with lung problems . Watch CNN 's 2009 report on Grekos The president of the International Society of Stem Cell Research , Dr. Irving Weissman , told CNN at the time that "  there is no such cell . " "  There is nothing called a regenocyte , " he said . After CNN 's initial report , Grekos said the name was "  advertising " and was not intended to be scientific . Officials from the Florida Department of Health told CNN they had been seeking to revoke Grekos ' license through an administrative hearing process . That hearing , originally scheduled for this month , was pushed back until June because Grekos had changed attorneys . In February 2011 , Florida officials imposed an emergency restriction order that prevented Grekos from using stem cells in any treatment after he allegedly performed stem cell therapy on a 69-year-old woman , who later died , according to state health officials . "  By such action , Dr. Grekos has demonstrated a disconcerting disregard for the duties and responsibilities imposed upon a physician practicing in the State of Florida and for the health and welfare of his patients and the citizens of Florida , " states the suspension order , dated Wednesday . In a statement issued by his publicist , Stanton Smith , Grekos said about patient R.P. , "  My family and I are deeply saddened by this devastating loss . " Smith said recent news coverage regarding the incident had been inaccurate . In a news release , he said Grekos "  has not performed any ` illegal stem cell therapy . ' " "  An official investigation is under way and we are fully cooperating with all authorities , " Grekos says in the news release . "  We look forward to a thorough and exhaustive investigation of the facts . "	Florida suspends a doctor 's license after he allegedly performed illegal stem cell therapy The patient died during the procedure "  We are cooperating with all authorities , " Grekos says Grekos told CNN in 2009 that he sent his patients ' blood to Israel to create life-saving cells
CNN  -- Angela Merkel has come a long way . Once dismissed by hard-core conservative critics as "  the divorced , childless , Protestant woman from former East Germany " , the German chancellor 's landslide victory in Sunday 's Bundestag elections has reinforced her position as the uncontested political leader in Germany and the rest of Europe . For a few hours Sunday night , Merkel 's center-right CDU/CSU parties seemed even within striking distance of an absolute majority of seats , a feat only West German CDU "  Uber-Chancellor " Konrad Adenauer achieved in 1957 . Under the rules of Germany 's complex electoral system , the Conservatives received 41.5 % of the vote but 49.3 % of the seats  five members short of an absolute majority in the 630-strong Bundestag  . Above all , Sunday 's elections have confirmed that a vast majority of Germans are supportive of Berlin 's handling of the European sovereign debt crisis -- and specifically , Germany providing financial backing in return for structural and fiscal reforms in crisis-hit Eurozone countries . In contrast to other major Western leaders who are struggling at home , Merkel 's calm , disciplined and unpretentious approach to governing resonates with many German voters who feel confident she will protect them against the uncertainties and crises abroad . By firmly occupying the German political center  "  Die Mitte "  Merkel has successfully marginalized the SPD/Green opposition parties  she even decided to phase out nuclear power  . Add to that Germany 's strong economic performance and low unemployment figures and you have the secret recipe behind the success of Angela Merkel . Even CDU/CSU party insiders were surprised at the magnitude of her election victory  an increase of 7.7 percentage points compared to 2009  , especially since successive bail-out packages , the European Central Bank 's aggressive bond buying , as well as the European Stability Mechanism fund have increased Germany 's Eurozone liability exposure to hundreds of billions of Euros . In late August , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble , a close Merkel ally , caused some political consternation within the center-right camp when he alluded to the possibility that Germany may need to sign off on a third bailout package for Greece . Schaeuble 's comments , while politically risky , seemed to confirm what many economists have suspected all along : namely that the Greek drama is not over , that Athens will ultimately need significant debt forgiveness to regain its footing , and that there are other Eurozone countries -- ranging from Portugal to Ireland , Slovenia and Cyprus -- that will soon be asking for more  German  money . Yet Sunday , even the resurgent anti-Euro "  Alternative for Germany , " or AFD , party missed the 5 % threshold needed to enter parliament , thus providing relief among international investors that Berlin is not beginning to pull the financial plug on the rest of Europe any time soon . Quite to the contrary , since the demoralized pro-business FDP party failed to enter the Bundestag for the first time since 1949 . Merkel will now have to find a new coalition partner and could theoretically either join forces with the Social Democrats , known as the SPD , or the Greens . Both opposition parties have frequently criticized the outgoing center-right government for putting too much emphasis on austerity rather than on growth measures to kick-start the fledgling Eurozone economies . The SPD and Greens are also strong supporters of the controversial Eurobonds that have been categorically rejected by Merkel for fear they would remove all incentives for individual European countries to get their fiscal and economic houses in order . While Merkel is going to stand firm in her opposition to Eurobonds a new German government with either the Social Democrats or the Greens on board would be more open to making concessions on the planned European banking union , especially regarding the proposed single resolution authority mechanism to be placed within the European Central Bank . Pretty much everything will depend on the internal horse-trading during the upcoming coalition talks between CDU/CSU and SPD and Greens , respectively . Ultimately , most political observers agree that Merkel 's next government  and her last since she has already said she wo n't run again in 2017  will probably be a relaunch of the Grand Coalition with the SPD that she led during 2005-2009 . While the SPD is rather reluctant to enter into such a deal  after all , it scored its worst post-war result in the 2009 elections  , the party knows full well that a Grand Coalition is the preferred option for a majority of German voters . In theory , getting the SPD on board should also help Merkel break the political gridlock that has gripped German politics since the opposition SPD , Green and Left parties retain control of Germany 's upper chamber  the Bundesrat  , which nowadays needs to approve about half of all German laws . From an American perspective , the re-election of Angela Merkel is definitely good news and promises a certain stability and continuity in an otherwise rather weak and fluid European political leadership landscape . In principle , the Chancellor 's commitment to free trade should also provide valuable political cover for the planned U.S.-EU Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership at a time when protectionist sentiments are running high , especially in France and the Southern European countries . That being said , as evidenced by the Syria crisis , a future Merkel administration that includes either the SPD or the Greens would probably be even more reluctant to use military force abroad than the outgoing center-right coalition government . Merkel 's victory in the 2013 Bundestag elections is of historic proportions . Political commentators are already speaking about "  the era of Merkel " and note that the woman who spent well over half of her adult life in East Germany is even beginning to eclipse her one-time mentor Chancellor Helmut Kohl , the father of Germany 's reunification in 1990 . The next four years will determine whether Merkel 's leadership and handling of the Eurozone crisis will keep the European project together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ulf Gartzke .	Angela Merkel 's parties scored big victories in Sunday 's Bundestag elections Ulf Gartzke : Merkel 's calm , unpretentious approach and strong economy help her cause He says Merkel has walked fine line , propping up Euro , without losing popularity at home
In the intraparty battle for the GOP , score Round 1 for the Republican establishment over the tea party . CNN projects that North Carolina House Speaker Thom Tillis has won the state 's GOP Senate primary . Tillis , who was backed by many mainstream Republicans , topped 40 % of the primary vote Tuesday , avoiding a runoff in July . Tillis beat a bunch of more conservative candidates for the chance to face off this November against first-term Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan , who is considered very vulnerable in the general election . Flipping her seat and five others held by Democrats would give Republicans control of the Senate . In his victory speech , Tillis slammed Hagan 's record , tying her to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and calling them "  an echo chamber for President Obama 's worst ideas . " "  We need to be clear , it 's not the end of a primary , it 's really the beginning of a primary mission , which has been the mission all along and that is to beat Kay Hagan and to make Harry Reid irrelevant , " he said . Rand Paul stumbles and four other takeaways from election night "  You know , their failures , both Obama 's and Kay Hagan 's , are obvious , " Tillis added . "  We know a lot of them -- our government is borrowing too much money and it 's dangerously in debt to China . Obamacare is not working . And Obama and Hagan 's left-wing political agenda is driving up our energy prices and making our country less safe . "  For six years , she 's voted with Obama and against North Carolina , " he said . Trailing Tillis is tea party activist Greg Brannon . He enjoyed the support of many tea party groups , other influential conservative organizations and endorsements from the likes of Sens. Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky , who joined Brannon on Monday at a rally in Charlotte . Mark Harris , a prominent Baptist minister who helped drive the 2012 passage of a constitutional amendment that strengthened the state 's same-sex marriage ban , is on his way to a third-place finish . Harris was backed by a high-profile fellow pastor , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a 2008 Republican presidential candidate who may run again in 2016 . Since the birth of the tea party movement in 2009 , primary challenges from the right have produced major headlines and headaches for the GOP and hurt the party 's chances of winning back the Senate from Democrats in the past two election cycles . Candidates backed by the tea party movement and other grass-roots conservatives effectively cost the GOP five winnable Senate elections the past two cycles in Nevada , Delaware , Colorado , Indiana and Missouri . The establishment strikes back This election cycle , mainstream Republicans do n't want another sequel . In North Carolina , Tillis won recent endorsements from two high-profile Republicans : 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a potential 2016 White House hopeful . More importantly , while none of the candidates in the GOP primary , including Tillis , raised or spent a lot of money in the campaign , the state House speaker won the backing of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and American Crossroads , two outside groups that combined have spent millions this cycle to run ads in support of Tillis and other establishment picks that they feel are "  electable " come November . Last week , in what was described as a major buy , the pro-business Chamber launched a television commercial that described Tillis as "  a bold conservative who balanced our budget and reduced regulations . A businessman who delivered tax relief . " And Crossroads , the big-spending outside group co-founded and steered by Karl Rove , says it has spent nearly $ 2 million in support of Tillis . That spending dwarfed the money shelled out by outside conservative groups that backed Brannon . "  It was clear from the start that Thom Tillis is the only proven conservative who can defeat Kay Hagan and take on President Obama 's liberal agenda , and tonight 's victory is the first step toward making that happen , " said American Crossroads President and CEO Steven Law . Paul was quick to back Tillis . "  Now that the primary is over , it is time for our side to unite to defeat the Democrat who cast the deciding vote for Obamacare , Kay Hagan , in November . I endorse Thom Tillis and look forward to working with him in the Senate , " Paul wrote on Facebook . And a top tea party leader who had backed Brannon sounded conciliatory . "  While we obviously are n't happy with the outcome , we congratulate Speaker Tillis for his win , " said Tea Party Patriots ' Jenny Beth Martin . "  The important thing now is to pick up a U.S. Senate seat that 's been in liberal hands for the last six years . " National Democrats argue that the competitive primary pushed Tillis too far to the right for the more mainstream electorate in November . "  Thom Tillis spent this primary moving far to the right , embracing positions that , paired with his record , make him a deeply flawed candidate , " said Mike Czin , Democratic National Committee press secretary . Clay Aiken has slim edge in North Carolina primary More rounds to come The voting Tuesday in North Carolina , as well as Indiana and Ohio , kicks off five straight weeks of primary contests that should give a clearer indication of whether establishment Republicans have gained the upper hand against the tea party movement for control of the party . Two more showdowns between establishment and grass-roots conservatives come on May 20 , as the action moves to Georgia and Kentucky , where Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell faces a long-shot challenge from businessman Matt Bevin , who is backed by many tea party groups and by some influential conservative organizations . In Georgia , there 's a wide-open , free-for-all fight to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Saxby Chambliss . The candidates considered to be more moderate are polling ahead of the more conservative candidates . Two weeks later , on June 3 , the establishment-vs . - tea party faceoff shifts to Mississippi , which is one of eight states holding primaries that day . Six-term Sen. Thad Cochran is facing a serious challenge from state lawmaker Chris McDaniel , but private polling indicates the incumbent has a comfortable lead . Victories by the more moderate mainstream candidates improve the GOP 's odds of recapturing the Senate this November . Democrats hold a 55-45 majority in the chamber but are defending 21 of the 36 seats up in November . Half of those Democratic seats are in red or purple states , such as North Carolina . Tea party leaders say they 've ` changed the narrative ' Leaders of the grass-roots movement disagree that their defeat in the North Carolina Senate primary suggests that the tide has turned against them . "  I think the establishment is taking its victory lap a little early , " said Kevin Broughton , spokesman for the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund . And regardless of the outcome of the primary contests , Amy Kremer says the tea party is already victorious . "  The tea party has already won because we have changed the narrative and the political landscape in Washington . Now , both sides of the aisle express concern about our ballooning national debt , " said Kremer , who just stepped down as chairwoman of the Tea Party Express and is now helping Bevin in his bid to unseat McConnell in Kentucky . ` American Idol ' star holds slim lead While the Senate contest in North Carolina landed in the national spotlight , some House primaries also grabbed attention . Two-term GOP Rep. Renee Ellmers faced a primary challenge from a conservative talk radio host because of her being open to considering some limited immigration reform . But she cruised to victory in the GOP primary in the state 's 2nd Congressional District . Her re-election bid may grab even more national attention if former "  American Idol " star Clay Aiken wins the Democratic nomination in the district . The race between Aiken and two other Democratic candidates is still too close to call . With all precincts reporting , Aiken has 40.83 % of the vote , with Keith Crisco just behind at 39.4 % . If the margin holds up , Aiken would exceed the 40 % threshold needed to avoid a runoff . And while only 369 votes separated them , Aiken 's tiny advantage is still outside the 1 % margin to stave off a recount . Aiken told supporters Tuesday night that he was "  confident " his campaign would be victorious . "  I said earlier tonight , I sort of preferred when they just open the envelope , " he said , a reference to his days on the "  American Idol " stage . In the state 's 3rd Congressional District , CNN projects that 10-term Republican Rep. Walter Jones , an anti-war libertarian , has won a hard-fought primary against establishment pick Taylor Griffin , a former George W. Bush administration official who also had a senior role in Bush 's 2004 re-election campaign . Ohio showdowns In Ohio , Cuyahoga County Executive Ed FitzGerald won the Democratic gubernatorial nomination . FitzGerald , a former FBI agent , mayor and assistant county prosecutor , easily topped Larry Ealy , a former tow-truck driver from the Dayton area . FitzGerald will now face off in November against Republican Gov. John Kasich , who 's running for re-election . The contest could turn into a marquee gubernatorial battle . House Speaker John Boehner easily won his primary . The 12-term Republican lawmaker , who represents Ohio 's 8th Congressional District , a GOP stronghold in the southwest part of the Buckeye State , topped two tea party-backed challengers . Primaries a key test of GOP establishment-tea party battle	Clay Aiken holds a slim lead in U.S. House race in North Carolina Thom Tillis says the "  primary mission " is "  to beat Kay Hagan " The North Carolina House speaker wins his GOP primary for U.S. Senate Tillis bested several tea party candidates and won establishment endorsements
CNN  -- The man accused of opening fire at a Colorado movie theater wanted to study "  the primary source of all things , our own minds , " according to a personal statement he submitted as part of a graduate studies application . The application included the statement , professional references and test scores . It offered new details into the background of James Holmes , 24 , the man charged with killing 12 people and wounding 58 others at an Aurora multiplex . The documents were released Friday by the University of Illinois , where Holmes applied to the neuroscience department before opting to attend the University of Colorado . The application , part of 176 pages released by the university , was first obtained by The News-Gazette in Champaign , Illinois . While the documents do little to answer questions about the alleged suspect 's possible motive in the July 20 shooting during a showing of the Batman movie at the Century 16 multiplex , they offer new insight into Holmes as a student and his aspirations to study the human brain . In the statement , Holmes wrote that he has long been "  fascinated by the complexities of long lost thought seemingly arising out of nowhere into stream of awareness . "  These fascinations likely stemmed from my interest in puzzles and paradoxes as an adolescent and continued through my curiosity in academic research , " he wrote in the statement submitted in early 2011 . He titled his resume "  aspiring scientist . " Holmes was described as taking "  an active role in his education , and brings a great amount of intellectual and emotional maturity into the classroom , " according to a letter of reference that appeared to be from one of his former professors . Media urge unsealing of documents in Colorado shooting case As part of his graduate studies application , Holmes submitted a photo of himself offering a piece of straw to a llama . The move caught the attention of Samuel Beshers , the university 's neuroscience program coordinator , who pointed Holmes application to a colleague in an e-mail . "  You ca n't miss the llama , " Beshers wrote . One staff member , whose name was redacted from the documents , took to referring to Holmes as "  the llama " in communication with others at the university . "  Do you have any of llama 's travel details for next week ? " one e-mail said . According to e-mails released by the University of Illinois , Holmes visited the Urbana-Champaign campus in March 2011 and met with professors , research assistants and Beshers while touring the facilities . The documents released by the university were heavily redacted , with nearly all names , addresses , locations and , in some cases , dates removed . Also redacted was a character assessment by a member of the university staff . Overall , the documents show that the faculty at the University of Illinois appeared to be taken with Holmes , offering him admission , a $ 22,660 stipend , and a tuition and fee waiver . University of Colorado to review how it handled shooting suspect In a brief e-mail , Holmes declined the offer without giving an explanation : "  Thank you for offering me a position in the Neuroscience Program at UIUC but unfortunately I will not be accepting your offer for admission . My apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused . " Holmes appears to have been accepted for admission , about the same time , to the University of Colorado 's neuroscience program at the Anschutz campus in Aurora . The University of Colorado has declined a request to release Holmes ' records , citing a judge 's order that sealed documents in the case . Holmes withdrew from the neuroscience program in June , a month before the shooting , though gave no reason for his withdrawal , said Jacque Montgomery , a spokeswoman for the University of Colorado . Colorado authorities have declined to comment on a possible motive , citing a judge 's order that sealed the court record in the case . More than a dozen news organizations , including CNN , have asked the presiding judge to unseal the full record . The events in Colorado also appear to have affected the faculty at the University of Illinois . In an e-mail dated July 23 , days after Holmes was identified as the alleged movie theater shooter , Beshers wrote an e-mail to a colleague saying "  we  the program and esp . students  need to ponder this and maybe have a discussion about it . " While Beshers did not want to announce the university 's connection to Holmes on its website , he wrote "  at the same time there 's no point in try to hide it , or hide from it . " He suggested meeting at a local restaurant and bar "  where we could have a beer and talk amongst ourselves then maybe we could announce a gathering for anyone interested . " It 's not clear whether the gathering occurred . Beshers did not immediately return a telephone call from CNN early Saturday seeking comment . Complete coverage of the Aurora theater shooting CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The University of Illinois releases James Holmes ' application for admission Documents released include his personal statement and resume His resume is titled "  aspiring scientist " Holmes also submits a picture of himself standing next to a llama
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For the most part , the audience wo n't see his snarling eyes but the menacing growl from the orchestra confirms they are there . Valery Gergiev uses his eyes to convey the feeling of the score while performing with the London Symphony Orchestra . Russian maestro Valery Gergiev may appear to conduct with his whole body ; from his sweeping arms to his quivering fingers to the way he stands on the tips of his toes and puffs out his cheeks . But the true message comes from the look on his face , most of all , through his eyes . "  You can do the same thing with your right hand , totally the same , but give a different look , the sound will change , " Gergiev tells CNN . Valery Gergiev is considered one of the greatest conductors of his time . He 's certainly one of the busiest . Not only is he the principal conductor and artistic director of Russia 's famous Mariinsky Theater , he 's the general director responsible for the institution 's opera , ballet , orchestra and latterly Academy of Young Singers . He 's also the artistic director of a number of international music festivals : the Stars of the White Nights Festival , the Red Sea Festival and the New Horizons Festival . Last year , he 'd barely unpacked his bags after long tenures as the principal guest conductor of the Metropolitan Opera in New York and principal conductor of the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra when he accepted the role as principal conductor for the London Symphony Orchestra  LSO  . They , of course , were thrilled . "  I often think of the LSO as a wonderful fast car and he is able to drive that and he takes them with him in the most extraordinary way , " the LSO 's managing director Kathryn McDowell tells CNN . Recently , he 's been taking that car back to the music of his homeland , launching a worldwide tour in August of the complete cycle of symphonies from Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev at the Edinburgh International Festival . The performances promise to deliver as many surprises for the musicians as they do for the audience . "  We do n't really know what he is going to do in the show -- it can vary enormously from the rehearsal , " says Rachel Gough , principal bassoon with the London Symphony Orchestra . "  For me , that 's a positive thing -- it 's creative . Something 's happening and it 's about the emotion and the feeling behind the music and not really the notes , because that 's just a means to end . " There 's no doubt the musicians could play each piece note-perfect without a conductor : each performance is the culmination of years of practice , hours of painstaking work to refine their art . But it 's the conductor who provides the artistic cohesion . From the podium , Gergiev is pulling , willing , compelling them to follow his lead . "  When he is conducting , there is this animal instinct which comes out of him and you do n't see it in rehearsal , you see it when he is performing and the look on his face , " says Matt Gibson who plays the double bass for the LSO . "  When he looks at you and really wants you to do what he wants you to do , you have no choice . You will do it . " See more interviews with the LSO on Gergiev Gergiev 's career started when his mother encouraged him to play piano as a child . It was his father 's sudden death when Gergiev was just 14 that drew him closer to music and eventually led to conducting . "  It was a huge shock . My father was totally and completely a healthy man , a young man , he was 49 , " Gergiev tells CNN . "  From that moment it was clear inside that I will never stop this . I did n't know about conducting , but playing piano and my love for music developed hugely . " Gergiev was just 25 when he made his debut with the Kirov Opera in 1978 , conducting Prokofiev 's "  War and Peace . " He 's barely stopped since . On top of his commitments to the world 's leading orchestras , he stages impromptu concerts to promote peace . The most recent was in the central square of the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali in August , in front of the bombed-out buildings where its government once met . Watch video of the concert On October 19 , he 'll join the World Orchestra for Peace for a rare performance in Jerusalem to promote unity in the Middle East . Read more about the Orchestra for Peace His manager Doug Sheldon says Gergiev 's energy and motivation may at first have come from an early awareness of his own mortality . "  I think he probably wondered if he would live longer than his father and I think he probably felt that life was not very secure , that I have to get a lot done in a short period of time , " he tells CNN . Sheldon thinks that later evolved into a personal mission to ensure the spirit of classical music -- and the work of the Russian greats -- does not die . "  He sees the need to continually reach out to people and the vehicle is music , " Sheldon says . "  He sees that as the way to express the very best and the very deepest of the human condition and the soul . " It 's often said that the eyes are the window to the soul . Perhaps that 's what the musicians are seeing when Gergiev is on the stage . "  If you do something , if anyone in the orchestra does something that he was n't quite expecting or takes a little turn here or there , then he 'll look up and grin and that 's a good moment , " says Rachel Gough .	Russian Valery Gergiev is considered one of the world 's leading conductors He holds three senior positions at the famed Mariinsky Theater in Russia In 2007 , he joined the London Symphony Orchestra as principal conductor Gergiev conveys emotion to musicians , mainly through his facial expressions
CNN  -- A convicted child rapist apparently cut off his ankle monitor and left a Colorado group home where he was serving parole , a state official said . A fugitive warrant was requested minutes after Eric Eugene Hartwell , 51 , walked away from "  Independence House " in Denver Friday evening , Colorado Corrections Department spokesman Roger Hudson told CNN Sunday . Hartwell was convicted of raping a child in 1991 and attempted indecent liberties in 1996 , according to the Colorado sex offender registry . "  This is an active investigation of an absconder that we are hoping not to send even farther underground , " Hudson said . The corrections department 's fugitive apprehension unit is working with other law enforcement agencies to find Hartwell "  as quickly as possible , " he said . Hartwell was sentenced to five years in prison and ordered to serve a lifetime of supervised parole by a federal judge in Texas in March 2010 after he was found guilty of failing to register as a sex offender , according to a U.S. Justice Department news release . Hartwell was placed in a halfway house in Washington state in March 2009 for failure to register as a sex offender , but after just a week there he cut off his leg monitor and fled to Texas , according to the Justice Department . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Eric Eugene Hartwell was convicted of raping a child in 1991 Law agencies are working to find Hartwell "  as quickly as possible , " spokesman says Hartwell was ordered to serve a lifetime of supervised parole He cut off his leg monitor and fled previously in 2009 , the Justice Department says
CNN  -- A 17-year-old student was formally charged Tuesday with the kidnapping , sexual assault and murder of 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway , whose body parts were found at a park in a Denver suburb earlier this month . Austin Reed Sigg , a student at Arapahoe Community College , was also charged with attempting to kidnap , sexually assault and murder a female jogger last May . The charges were outlined in a 17-count accusation filed by Jefferson County , Colorado , District Attorney Pam Russell Tuesday . Sigg , who lived about one mile from Ridgeway 's home in Westminster , was charged as an adult , a decision that could be challenged by his lawyers . The teen was arrested a week ago and accused of strangling Ridgeway , dismembering her and placing some of her body parts in a crawlspace under his family 's home . Police first found parts of her body at a park 5 miles away five days after the bespectacled blonde girl disappeared while walking to Witt Elementary School on October 5 . The big break in the investigation came last Tuesday night , when Sigg 's mother called 911 and handed him the phone . Sigg , police said , confessed . Along with charges related to Jessica 's death , Sigg is also accused in the May assault of a 22-year-old woman on a hiking trail . Suspect in Jessica Ridgeway death made girls in the area uneasy CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Austin Reed Sigg allegedly strangled and dismembered Ridgeway Sigg is also charged with attempting to kidnap , sexually assault and murder a jogger He 's charged as an adult , a decision his lawyers could challenge Police say Sigg confessed last week
CNN  -- Juventus took an important step towards retaining the Serie A title with a battling 1-1 draw at the Stadio San Paolo of nearest rivals Napoli Friday . Negotiating the testing away fixture with honors even left Juve six points clear of Napoli at the top with just 11 games remaining . The league leaders had to put an ugly pre-match incident behind them , with Italian news agency ANSA reporting that a window in their team bus was broken by a missile as they traveled to the ground . Nobody was injured in acts described on Italy 's Sky TV by Juve general director Guiseppe Marotta as "  deplorable and with little to do with sport . " The game itself started at a frantic pace with the visitors taking the lead after just 10 minutes as Giorgio Chiellini headed home . He had been recalled to the starting line-up and connected with an Andrea Pirlo left wing cross to score . Juve might have added to their advantage while Napoli 's leading scorer Edinson Cavani continued his lean spell -- failing to net in his last seven matches . However , Napoli did level just before the break as Gokhan Inler 's fierce shot deflected past Gianluigi Buffon . The visiting keeper had to save smartly from Marek Hamsik at the start of the second half as Napoli pushed for the winner . Another Hamsik effort was parried out to Blerim Dzemaili , but the Swiss international wasted the chance . There was still time for Inler to test Buffon again , but Juventus hang on for a valuable draw . Antonio Conte 's men will now look to secure their place in the quarterfinals of the Champions League , entertaining Scotland 's Celtic in midweek and leading 3-1 from the first leg . But Conte played down premature talk of the Italian championship being wrapped up . "  The title is far away , we are six points in front which is a good advantage "  But there are another 33 available and do n't forget we still have to play Milan , Inter and Catania , " he told AFP .	Juventus hold Napoli to a 1-1 draw at Stadio San Paolo Draw leaves Juventus six points clear of their rivals at the top of Serie A Giorgio Chiellini put Juve ahead in the 10th minute Juventus team coach pelted with missiles on the way to the ground
CIA Director John Brennan has ordered an in-depth review of the intelligence agency 's organizational structure , asking the agency to "  take a close and honest look at ourselves . " Citing an "  ever-growing number " of complex national security challenges as cause for the evaluation , Brennan announced the internal review in a letter to Central Intelligence Agency staff . The CIA released unclassified portions of the letter on Thursday . The review will come as the CIA adapts to new threats from terror groups like ISIS and the al Qaeda linked Khorasan group have added to agency 's terror landscape . Related : U.S. strikes against Khorosan group in Syria "  I have mentioned several times over the past year that I have become increasingly convinced that the time has come to take a fresh look at how we are organized as an Agency , " Brennan wrote in the letter dated September 24 , 2014 . He added that the review will examine the CIA 's structure and "  ways of doing business . " Officers leading the review are tasked with looking at ways to integrate the sprawling intelligence agency . The organization is currently split into four major divisions . The clandestine staff that collects intelligence information , for instance , is separate from the staff analyzing the data collected . "  The need for integration has never been greater , " Brennan wrote . "  The complex national security issues we face today , and the extent to which those issues cross geographic and functional boundaries , challenge our ability to leverage the entire breadth of capabilities the CIA has to offer . " A proposal to split the agency into subject matter divisions where analysts and clandestine officers work together , as reported by the Washington Post , is not yet formal , according to the CIA . "  Given that the review is still pending , the officers have not yet put forth their findings , conclusions or recommendations , " said CIA spokesman Dean Boyd .	The CIA director launched an agency-wide review of structure and business practices The review was launched in September , but was just reported Currently the CIA is broken into four different divisions
Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts has galvanized enough rank-and-file Republican voters to close the gap with independent challenger Greg Orman in one of the nation 's hottest races , a new CNN/ORC poll has found . Roberts leads Orman , 49 % to 48 % , according to the survey of 687 likely voters that was conducted October 2-6 . Orman 's chances drastically improved -- and the race was catapulted into the national spotlight -- when Democratic candidate Chad Taylor dropped off the ballot in September , allowing Orman to appeal to a broad swath of anti-Roberts voters on the right and left without competition . Hoping to hold onto a seat that could be key to determining majority control of the Senate , Republicans have scrambled to paint Orman as a Democrat in disguise and to criticize the entrepreneur 's business dealings . Roberts hit that point hard during a debate with Orman on Wednesday , repeatedly slamming Orman as a "  liberal Democrat " who would continue the policies of President Barack Obama and Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid . Orman has run as a Democrat in the past , but has given money to and voted for candidates in both parties . The survey 's results , with a 3.5 percentage point margin of error , are a major reversal from recent polls that have found Orman surging ahead . An NBC/Marist poll released three days ago showed the challenger with a 10 percentage point advantage over Roberts . "  Turnout is likely to be key -- the higher the number of Republicans who vote , the better for Roberts , and Republicans have been at least 43 % of the vote  and usually higher  in Kansas elections since 2000 , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Roberts must convince disaffected Republicans to like him again . An 80 % favorable rating among Republican likely voters in the current poll indicates that he may have closed that part of the deal , " he said . The CNN/ORC International poll found that likely voters ' views of Roberts have improved , compared to previous polls . Fifty percent said they view the three-term senator favorably , while 45 % view Roberts unfavorably . Orman , meanwhile , is viewed favorably by 48 % of the likely voters surveyed , and unfavorably by 33 % . Nineteen percent are n't sure , according to the poll . Roberts enjoys an 84 % to 15 % lead among likely Republican voters , while Orman is backed by nearly all Democrats and 62 % of independents , compared to 33 % of independents who support Roberts . The survey suggested there 's plenty of room for movement in the race 's final month , with 21 % of likely voters saying they could still change their minds . Based on what Orman told reporters Wednesday after his debate with Roberts , voters wo n't know until after Election Day the answer to a critical question : which party he will caucus with if he wins . Chamber ` all in ' for Roberts in Kansas race Orman says he would caucus with the majority party . But it is possible that the election results could put the Senate at 50-49 . In that scenario , there would be no majority party until and unless Orman choses sides between Democrats and Republicans . "  If I get elected and neither party is in the majority , then what i 'm going to do is I 'm going sit down with both sides , propose a pro-problem solving agenda , and ask both sides whether or not they 're willing to support that agenda . And we 're going to be likely to support the agenda and the party that 's most likely to embrace a pro-problem solving agenda , " Orman told CNN . Sen. Pat Roberts ' campaign bringing major players to Kansas Translation : Orman will be in the cat bird 's seat and plans to use it big time to try to get one of the parties to agree to an agenda he supports . "  I think it 's a great thing for Kansas , I think it 's an opportunity for Kansas to define the agenda in the United States Senate and finally get us back into the business of solving problems , " Orman said . The poll also found Gov. Sam Brownback , who 's faced criticism after pushing for steep tax cuts , locked in a dead heat with Democrat Paul Davis in his bid for a second term . Each drew 49 % support . Democrats wo n't be getting any help from Obama in the blood-red state . Just 32 % of likely Kansas voters said they approve of the job the President is doing . Kansas poll : Orman opens up lead on Roberts	GOP Sen. Pat Roberts holds a 49-48 % lead over independent Greg Orman The results suggest Roberts is consolidating support among rank-and-file Republicans The race could hinge on how many Republicans turn out to vote
Simferopol , Ukraine  CNN  -- On a dusty , pot-holed road south from the Crimean capital , Simferopol , there is a battered sign in Cyrillic . "  Yalta , " it says , pointing the way to the town on the Black Sea where UK Prime Minister Winston Churchill , USSR Premier Joseph Stalin and U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt met secretly in February 1945 . It was at this Crimean resort that the "  Big Three " debated the future of Europe Nearly 70 years later , Crimea is again at the heart of that argument . Most historians conclude that Stalin was the "  winner " at Yalta . There was little discussion of Eastern Europe , which was soon to fall within the Soviet orbit . Churchill and Roosevelt won no meaningful concessions on Poland , already occupied by Soviet troops . The ailing U.S. President 's main aim was to win agreement on setting up the United Nations , where the United States and Soviet Union would spend the next 40 years vetoing each other 's resolutions in the Security Council . Yalta was the preamble to the Cold War . Facts on the ground -- the sweep westward of the Red Army -- strengthened Stalin 's hand . In the House of Commons after returning from the conference , Churchill asked of the Poles : "  Are their sovereignty and independence to be untrammeled , or are they to become a mere projection of the Soviet state ? " The answer -- a sham election in 1947 that sealed Communist rule -- was not long in coming . The Iron Curtain , a term coined by Churchill , may have long fallen , holding out the promise to what former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev called "  our common European home . " But arguments over sovereignty , self-determination and spheres of influence are suddenly electric again . And they are playing out in the Crimean Peninsula . Land hungry or quelling ` fascists ' ? The Russian flag already flies across Crimea . Pro-Ukrainian rallies attract a couple of hundred people . Most Ukrainians here seem resigned to the new order , although a steady stream have taken the train north to stay in Kiev , for the time being at least . Cossacks now guard government buildings , and the new self-installed government talks of plans for adopting the ruble and Moscow 's time-zone . Billboards proclaiming "  Together With Russia " are everywhere . Flights from Ukraine into Simferopol , currently suspended , will be directed to the international terminal if they ever resume . And a border , with barbed wire and checkpoints , is already taking shape across the neck of land that joins Crimea to the rest of Ukraine . The other evening , an elderly man shuffled in the shadow of the statue of Lenin that still dominates Simferopol 's largest square . He carried a flag , the hammer and sickle of the Soviet era , and a photograph , of Stalin . To older Russians here who remember the collaboration of some Ukrainians with the Nazis , the nationalist politicians now in government in Kiev are "  fascists . " They claim the "  Right Sector " in Ukraine is planning to sabotage Sunday 's referendum in Crimea with acts of provocation . Referendum billboards in Sevastopol -- the home of Russia 's Black Sea fleet -- display maps of Russia and Ukraine , the latter stamped with a swastika . And then there is the opposite narrative . Many Ukrainians -- including interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyk -- think Russian President Vladimir Putin wants to expand Russia to the old borders of the Soviet Union . They say that if Moscow is allowed to annex Crimea , it will look hungrily to eastern Ukraine , Moldova and Georgia . They lament what they saw as the West 's indifference when Russian tanks came within 50 miles of the Georgian capital Tbilisi in 2008 . And they fear Putin will continue to do all in his power to stop Ukraine from knocking at the door of that "  common European home " by seeking to join the European Union . Even in the Baltic states , politicians liken events today in Crimea to Stalin 's gobbling up of their countries in 1940 . Germany has gone as far as to reassure the Baltic republics -- which have sizeable Russian speaking minorities -- that as members of NATO they will be secure . But the alarm at unfolding events is palpable -- in Berlin , Paris and other western capitals . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Russia was taking advantage of Ukraine 's weakness . That is how wars began in the 19th and 20th centuries , she said , "  which we thought we had overcome . " Historical ring in Russian warning Putin -- buoyed by rocketing approval ratings at home -- seems unmoved by U.S. threats of what Merkel called "  massive political and economic consequences " for Russia should it absorb Crimea . What those consequences will be remains unclear , but they seem likely to begin with visa restrictions and the freezing of foreign assets held by the new pro-Russian leadership and its supporters in Crimea . The justification would be that they have illegally and unconstitutionally taken over part of a sovereign country . Should Russia go ahead and annex Crimea , sanctions would likely be extended to prominent Russians . But the Russian military exercises close to Ukraine 's eastern border over the past few days may be designed to warn that consequences will in turn have consequences . On Friday , the Russian Foreign Ministry issued a stark warning about unrest in eastern Ukraine , where Russian speakers make up about half the population . After Ukrainian and pro-Russian protesters clashed in Donetsk on Thursday , reportedly leaving two dead , Moscow said it had repeatedly warned the new government in Kiev that it must "  disarm the militants , provide security for the population and legal rights for people during demonstrations . " The Foreign Ministry statement went on : "  Russia acknowledges its responsibility for the lives of its compatriots and fellow citizens in Ukraine and reserves the right to take these people under its protection . " That too has an historical ring . Seventy-five years ago , on March 15 , 1939 , Adolf Hitler ordered the Wehrmacht into the Sudetenland , a German-speaking part of Czechoslovakia . His justification was simple : "  I am simply demanding that the oppression of three and a half million Germans in Czechoslovakia cease and that the inalienable right to self-determination take its place . "	70 years after "  Big Three " debates future of Europe at Yalta , Crimea is again at heart of argument Arguments over sovereignty , self-determination and influence are suddenly electric again Many Ukrainians think Putin wants to expand Russia to the old borders of the Soviet Union Putin -- buoyed by rocketing approval ratings at home -- seems unmoved by U.S. threats
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 10 members of Pakistan 's military were killed in a gun battle with Taliban militants at a naval base in the coastal city of Karachi , authorities said Monday . The clashes raged for hours after attackers with guns and grenades stormed the compound Sunday night . By Monday afternoon , the base had "  been cleared from the terrorists , " a Pakistani navy spokesman said . In addition to the 10 dead , at least 15 other Pakistani troops were wounded in the fighting , Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik said . Investigators have found the bodies of three attackers and believe a fourth is buried in debris , he said . They suspect two militants escaped , he said , citing witness reports . The Pakistani Taliban said the attack at the Mehran naval air station was to avenge the killing of innocent civilians . The group 's spokesman , Ihsan Ullah , told CNN on Monday that Pakistani security forces are carrying out those killings on the instruction of the United States in the name of a "  war on terror . " One of the attackers had detonated a suicide jacket , Malik said , and another one was found wearing an undetonated jacket . "  We have daily 9/11 in this country . You see how we are suffering , " he said . "  And therefore , this is my appeal to the international community ... trust us , trust us , because this is a time we need you to support us morally . " Authorities said militants wielding rocket launchers , automatic weapons and hand grenades attacked the base about 11 p.m. Sunday . They used ladders to scale a wall at the back of the base and jumped into the compound , Malik said . Two witnesses -- Amjad Bashir and Talha Hashmi -- reported at least 10 explosions in the subsequent hours . Each blast was typically followed by a sustained exchange of gunfire , Hashmi said . He said that several of the explosions -- thought to be the result of two military aircraft and a fuel tank catching fire and releasing plumes of smoke -- were particularly large . The attackers destroyed two P-3C Orion maritime patrol aircraft sold by the United States to Pakistan , Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said . Six American contractors at the base during the attack moved to safety and were not injured , he said . The nation 's military personnel responded with what an Malik called a "  major operation " at the base , which is about 10 kilometers  6 miles  from Karachi 's main airport . According to the Pakistani navy 's website , the Mehran base "  is efficiently supporting day and night operational activities of all  naval aviation  squadrons . " A host of courses are also offered on its grounds , from helicopter and air navigation instruction to sea survival . The Pakistani Taliban represents a confederation of Taliban groups in northwestern Pakistan , where they are based . The group , which is headquartered in Quetta , is separate from the Afghan Taliban , which has been focused on re-establishing the Islamic Emirate in Afghanistan . Both groups swear allegiance to Taliban leader Mullah Omar and have close ties to al Qaeda . Karachi , which is considered the main commercial hub of Pakistan , has seen a drastic increase in political , ethnic and religious violence in recent months . Just over three weeks ago , three people were killed and at least 20 were injured when a hand grenade exploded at a gambling club in the southern Pakistani city . The grenade was tossed into the club by one of two unidentified people riding past the facility on a motorbike , according to Javed Baloch , a senior police official in Karachi . The Taliban said it was behind an April 28 roadside bombing on a main road through Karachi that left at least five dead and 10 injured . Two days earlier , three were killed and more than 30 wounded when remote-controlled bombs detonated near two buses carrying Pakistani navy officials . CNN 's Tim Schwarz , Stan Grant , Nasir Habib , Greg Botelho , Jack Maddox , Aliza Kassim and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon spokesman : Two P-3C Orion aircraft are destroyed "  We have daily 9/11 in this country , " Pakistan 's interior minister says The Pakistani navy says the base "  has been cleared from the terrorists " A Taliban confederation says the attack is to avenge the killing of civilians by security forces
New York  CNN  -- Most New Yorkers believe the city 's police act appropriately in dealing with Muslims , according to a Quinnipiac University poll released Tuesday . In the poll , taken amid a tumultuous public debate surrounding the police department 's surveillance of Muslims , 58 % of respondents found no fault with police actions toward Muslims . And 82 % said they believe the antiterrorism efforts of the NYPD have been effective . Overall , 63 % said they generally approve of the way the department does its job . The survey questioned 964 registered voters across New York 's five boroughs from March 6 through Sunday . "  Voter approval of the way police are handling terrorism is through the roof and overall approval for police in general and for  Police  Commissioner Ray Kelly is undented by criticism , " said Maurice Carroll , director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute . Poll respondents also gave Kelly a 64 % approval rating for his leadership of the NYPD , while Mayor Michael Bloomberg got a 67 % approval rating for the way he is handling crime . But when asked about the controversial "  stop and frisk " tactic of police , responses were split : 59 % of self-identified white voters approved of the practice , while 68 % of self-identified black voters and 52 % of self-identified Hispanic voters disapproved . The department 's "  stop and frisk " policy has prompted its own debate over the years , with some claiming it is nothing less than racial profiling targeting minorities . Critics of NYPD treatment of Muslims claim the police are denying Muslims basic civil rights , and perpetrating ethnic and religious profiling . "  It 's one of these situations where people are OK with other people being targeted with tactics they would never approve of themselves , " said Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations in response to Tuesday 's poll . Polling numbers show that most New Yorkers , 54 % , have a positive opinion of Islam , with 65 % of those polled saying mainstream Islam is a peaceful religion . Hooper said those numbers are positive , but added , "  Our basic position is that civil and legal rights are guaranteed by the Constitution , and not subject to the changing nature of public opinion in times of crisis and national security . " He added , "  I 'd like to see polling data of how people felt about the internment of Japanese-Americans just after Pearl Harbor . " Last month , Kelly addressed reporters amid a flurry of questions about NYPD tactics . "  Our efforts are to protect everyone in New York City , no particular group , " he said . "  We are continuing to do what we believe necessary to protect the city , pursuant to the law . " The Quinnipiac University poll is based on a random sample of people 18 years of age and older , with a sampling error of plus or minus 3.2 percentage points .	58 % of respondents to Quinnipiac University poll back NYPD 's surveillance of Muslims CAIR official : People approve of tactics they would n't stand for if aimed at them The poll found a racial divide over approval of the NYPD 's "  stop and frisk " tactic
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Fess Parker , best known for playing Daniel Boone in a 1960s television series , died Thursday at his home near Santa Barbara , California , his publicist said . He was 85 . Parker followed his acting career with successful hotel and winery ventures around Santa Barbara . A statement issued by his family did not reveal the cause of death . Parker is survived by his wife of 50 years , Marcella , their son and daughter , 11 grandchildren and one great-grandchild who "  spent a great deal of time with Fess in his final months and weeks , " the statement said . A native of Texas , Parker served in the U.S. Navy during World War II before graduating from the University of Texas-Austin in 1950 . He moved to Los Angeles in the early 1950s to pursue acting . Walt Disney cast Parker in the lead role of "  Davy Crockett , King of the Wild Frontier , " co-starring Buddy Ebsen . He followed that with several more Disney films , including "  Davy Crockett and the River Boat Pirates , " "  The Great Locomotive Chase " and "  Smoky . " His TV career took off in 1964 with the title role in NBC 's "  Daniel Boone , " which aired for for six seasons . When the series ended in 1970 , Parker became a real estate developer in Santa Barbara . "  After successfully opening three high-end mobile home parks , the 360-room Fess Parker Doubletree Resort opened in 1985 , " the family statement said . "  It is one of the most successful hotels on the Santa Barbara waterfront . " Parker and his family also opened Fess Parker Winery on the Foxen in Los Olivos , California . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Fess Parker , 85 , star of "  Daniel Boone " TV series , died Thursday , his publicist said Parker , a WWII vet , started his career in Disney films , notably as Davy Crockett When series ended in 1970 , Parker became a real estate developer Parker is survived by his wife of 50 years , Marcella , two children and 11 grandkids
Editor 's Note : The following story contains spoilers regarding the show "  House . " If you 'd rather not know what happens , stop reading now . Kal Penn , left , with Peter Jacobson on "  House , " is joining the Obama White House . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When Dr. Lawrence Kutner killed himself on the latest episode of "  House : MD , " it was the beginning of a new career for actor Kal Penn. . The demise of Penn 's character cleared the way for the actor to move on to another "  House , " the White House . Penn , 31 , will be an associate director for the Obama administration 's Office of Public Liaison . "  It seemed like something I would enjoy doing , " Penn said . "  I figured it was something to do . " He 's not retiring from acting , just pursuing a longtime desire for public service that was rekindled when he campaigned for Barack Obama 's election , Penn said . Penn played a teen terrorist on Fox 's "  24 " before joining the network 's "  House " two years ago . He 's also known as Kumar Patel in the "  Harold & Kumar " movie series . The White House job likely ends his Kumar roles , he said . In fact , he will not consider any acting jobs until he leaves the Obama administration , he said . Penn will take a big pay cut to work for the government , but he has committed to at least one or two years in the job , he said . His focus will be as a liaison for the arts community and the Asian-American community , he said . He filled a similar role in the Obama presidential campaign , he said . "  We want to make sure that everyone 's concerns are heard and they are familiar with the president 's plans and proposals , " he said . Penn said he spoke briefly with Obama after the election about "  trying to find the right fit " for him in the administration . He said he has bittersweet emotions as he leaves Hollywood to search for an apartment in Washington next week . The writers ' decision to have Dr. Kutner commit suicide ensures Penn will not return to the show , although he said he leaves on good terms . He felt "  more than a little bit of shock and loss " to learn that his character would die in his final episode . Even though he spoke no lines in the episode -- and only his legs are seen when his body is found -- he was on the set for the filming , he said . CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this story .	"  House " actor Kal Penn is leaving the show to join the Obama White House Penn will become part of Office of Public Liaison Actor says working on campaign last year re-ignited desire for public service
CNN  -- Polyandry is a form of polygamy where a woman is married to two or more husbands at the same time . Kundar Singh Pundir , left , and his brother Amar , right , share Indira Devi , centre , as their wife . Increasingly rare , polyandry has been predominantly practised in Asia , specifically in the Himalayan region . It has been or still is practised in India , Tibet , Nepal , Bhutan , Sri Lanka , parts of the Arctic , areas of Mongolia and in some African and American indigenous groups . It is also thought to have been practised in some Polynesian communities . It comes in two forms : fraternal polyandry , where brothers marry the same woman , and non-fraternal in which the husbands are not related . Polyandry has been outlawed in most countries where it has been practised , though it is still socially acceptable . Watch interview with men who share a wife " It is normally seen as a way to protect small family land holdings and assets from being divided . Also , in many countries one of the husbands is often away for long periods working . Typically , the men have sexual relations with the woman but the paternity of any children is not debated -- they are raised by all the parents .	Polyandry is a form of polygamy where a woman is married to two or more husbands Polyandry has been predominantly practised in the Himalayan region The paternity of any children is not debated -- they are raised by all the parents
OPRAH.com  -- I know money is tight . I know you 're busy . And I know tackling money issues is n't fun . But here 's what I also know : You wish you could once and for all get your financial house in order . A recent study by Prudential Financial found that less than 25 percent of women feel they are "  very well prepared " to handle financial matters . Seventy-eight percent said it is very important that they not become a financial burden to their loved ones , but just 24 percent are confident they can pull that off . You do n't need all that stress ! What follows is your 2010 financial to-do list . It 's divided into three sections . Get a Grip focuses on where you are today : what you have , what you owe . Find Hidden Savings is about making more out of what you have . And Build Security is about knowing where to put all that money you free up . Post this list on the fridge , the bathroom mirror , or your bulletin board , and take it on in little chunks . Make 2010 the year you find your financial confidence . Oprah.com : When you should stop listening to a financial adviser Step 1 : Get a Grip Track your spending Why it 's important : You know the big-ticket expenses in your life , but all the smaller spending can also be a killer . Take a look at your monthly outflow , and I guarantee you will have a few "  Yikes , I had no idea " moments . Do this now : Gather up your bank and credit card statements . Then go to my Web site , SuzeOrman.com , and click on Suze 's Expense Sheet . Input your average monthly expenses , and get honest about where your money is going . Oprah.com : What money can teach you about personal power Calculate your net worth Why it 's important : We tend to focus on assets and forget about debts . Financial security requires facing up to the big picture : assets minus debts . Do this now : Type "  net worth calculator " into any search engine and you will find plenty of free online tools to help you take stock of your assets and debts . Check your credit profile Why it 's important : Your credit score affects the interest rates you 're offered on credit cards and loans , can be used to vet your job application , and in some states may influence your insurance premiums . So your credit reports , which determine your FICO score , need to be up-to-date and correct  mistakes abound  . A score of at least 720  the range is 300 to 850  earns you a gold star . Do this now : Go to AnnualCreditReport.com to get your free credit reports from the three credit bureaus : Equifax , Experian , and TransUnion . Every year , you are entitled to one free report from each . If a site asks for your credit card to receive a report , you 're at the wrong place ! Scour your reports for mistakes , and follow the directions for filing a dispute . Once corrections are made , go to MyFICO.com to buy your FICO credit score . You may receive offers for free credit scores . They are knockoffs of the real deal -- your FICO score is what most lenders and businesses check . It costs $ 16 to see your FICO score ; with so much on the line , that 's a small price to pay . Cut Spending by 10 Percent Why it 's important : The median pay raise for 2010 is expected to be around 3 percent  the lowest forecast in 25 years  . So challenge your family to give your budget a 10 percent raise by cutting your spending 10 percent . Do this now : Once you input your income and outflow into the Expense Sheet on my Web site , print it out and circle every expense that is a want  not a need  , then figure out how to reduce or eliminate it . Oprah.com : Cut spending and create an emergency stash Step 2 : Find hidden savings Shop for Insurance Deals Why it 's important : You 're always looking for the best prices -- why not on home and auto insurance , too ? You 're nuts if you do n't comparison shop for auto insurance ; you could save 10 percent or more .  But do n't reduce your level of coverage . You want the right coverage for the best price . Do this now : Go to InsWeb.com and NetQuote.com to find premium quotes from a variety of home and auto insurers .  For auto quotes from Progressive and GEICO , go to their Web sites . Raise Your insurance deductibles Why it 's important : Low deductibles of $ 250 or so can entice you to make claims for small-ticket items . Do that too often and your insurer may boost your premium or boot you completely . And there 's a nice payoff for a higher deductible : Raise your auto and home deductibles to $ 1,000 or more and your premium cost falls at least 10 percent . Do this now : Call your current insurer and ask for a new quote based on a higher deductible .  But do this only if you have an emergency savings fund that can cover the cost of the deductible . Do n't have that emergency fund set up ? Grrr . See Build Security . Check out a credit union Why it 's important : Credit unions are often a better deal than banks and tend to pay higher yields on deposits . Do this now : Go to FindaCreditUnion.com and look for one that is part of the federal insurance program run by the National Credit Union Administration  go to NCUA.gov and click on Consumer Share Insurance Information and Tool Kit to check  . Coverage is the same as at an FDIC bank -- $ 250,000 per person per credit union is fully insured , and additional coverage is based on the types of accounts you hold . Challenge your property-tax assessment Why it 's important : Your tax is typically a percentage of your home 's assessed value . If that assessment does n't reflect today 's market -- home values are down an average of 30 percent since the 2006 peak -- you may be overpaying . The National Taxpayers Union reports that more than half of all assessments are too high . Do this now : Contact your county tax assessor to learn how to challenge your assessment . TheNational Taxpayers Union also has a booklet on the topic . Step 3 : Build Security Boost emergency fund to cover 8 months of living expenses Why it 's important : By now I am sure you have started saving . The next step is to keep at it until you have at least eight months ' worth of living expenses . Do this now : Go to MyFDICInsurance.gov for banks and NCUA.gov for credit unions to verify that your emergency fund is tucked away at an institution that is federally insured . Never invest your emergency savings in the stock market . Safe , not sorry , is all that matters . Get the maximum 401  k  match at your current job Why it 's important : If you left it to your company to auto-enroll you in the plan when you were hired , there 's a good chance your contribution rate is too low to max out on the match . Do this now : Call your human resources department or the company that runs your plan ; boost your contribution so you qualify for the max match . Roll over 401  k  s from former employers into an IRA Why it 's important : Once you leave a job , you can move your 401  k  to a brokerage or fund firm . You can roll over 401  k  s from multiple jobs into one new IRA ; that 's a great bookkeeping assist . An IRA rollover also frees you up to invest in low-cost funds , exchange-traded funds  ETFs  , stocks , and bonds . Do this now : If you do n't yet have an account at a discount brokerage or no-load mutual fund company , pick one and then ask for its IRA rollover kit . Fund a Roth IRA Why it 's important : After you max out on the company match in your 401  k  , turn your retirement investing attention to funding a Roth IRA . In 2010 the maximum is $ 5,000  $ 6,000 if you 're 50 or older  for individuals with modified adjusted gross income  MAGI  below $ 105,000 and married couples filing a joint return with MAGI below $ 167,000 . Reduced contributions are phased out for individuals once MAGI hits $ 120,000 ; for married couples , eligibility disappears with MAGI above $ 177,000 . Do this now : Do n't get thrown by high minimums . Ask if there is a program that lets you invest small monthly sums of $ 50 or so . Sign on for an auto-investment plan and you may get around the advertised "  initial minimum investment . " Leave your retirement funds alone Why it 's important : Ca n't handle the mortgage ? That 's no reason to raid your retirement funds . When that money runs out , you 'll still face foreclosure , but you 'll have lost your retirement savings , too . Do this now : Do n't cash out your 401  k  when leaving a job . In addition to an early withdrawal penalty  if you 're under age 55  , your shortsightedness will cost you future gains . Go to MoneyChimp.com and click on the Calculator tab . Under "  current principal , " input the value of your 401  k  . Leave "  annual addition " blank . For "  years to grow , " enter the difference between your age and 65 . For "  interest rate , " use a conservative 5 percent . Calculate the future value . The difference between that and the current value is what you 'd give up by cashing out . Convert to a Roth IRA Why it 's important : As of January 1 , anyone can convert a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA  previously there was an income limit  . The advantage is that money in a Roth can be withdrawn in retirement with no tax due . Withdrawals from traditional IRAs will be taxed at your ordinary income tax rate . Do this now : Convert in 2010 and you can spread your tax bill over the next two years . If you have both deductible and nondeductible traditional IRAs , ask a CPA to determine your tax liability . Oprah.com : 10 solid-gold ways to save money By Suze Orman from O , The Oprah Magazine , January 2010 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Suze Orman : Know your financial state , find savings , build financial security Track your spending , cut it by 10 percent , check your credit rating Shop for insurance deals , raise your deductible , find a credit union Build 8 months of living expenses and fund a Roth IRA
CNN  -- Last Saturday morning , when media crews outside the Sikh gurdwara  house of worship  in Oak Creek , Wisconsin , packed up their trucks to chase the news of Mitt Romney 's choice for vice president , Sikh Americans were left reflecting on six days of unprecedented national attention . After the shooting of six people in a Sikh gurdwara , a stream of national leaders , from the Rev. Jesse Jackson to Gov. Scott Walker , came to offer condolences and support . But there was one person missing . It was you , Mr. President . Let me be clear : Your administration 's response to the massacre has been strong and swift . Attorney General Eric Holder addressed mourners with compassion and resolve at the Friday memorial. : "  In the recent past , too many Sikhs have been targeted and victimized simply because of who they are , how they look , and what they believe , " he said . . "  This is wrong . It is unacceptable . And it will not be tolerated . " Joshua Dubois from the White House expressed his full commitment to helping us with sustained interfaith and education outreach . The FBI and Department of Justice were at the top of their game , investigating the attacks as both an act of domestic terrorism and a hate crime . But we need more than government cooperation . Our community needs the deeper spiritual and emotional assurance that we are welcome to live , work and worship as fellow Americans . The gunman , Wade Michael Page , was a member of a white supremacist group that wishes to destroy our very claim to call this country home . After the attack we endured , Sikh Americans , and all brown and black people in America for that matter , need our president to directly show the nation that we belong here . Watch : Volunteers help temple mourners cope President Obama , you flew to Aurora , Colorado , to mourn publicly with the families before the dead were buried . You hugged your daughters closer that night , imagining them in that theater . In response to the massacre of Sikhs in Oak Creek , you and Mitt Romney issued statements of support , but did not suspend campaigning in Wisconsin , as you did in Colorado . Of the major networks , only CNN sent an anchor to report live from Oak Creek , and none of the networks covered the murders as extensively as they did in Colorado . We worry that because the victims were brown-skinned people with "  foreign " names , the tragedy has n't elicited the same attention from public officials and the media . I believe you can help the nation feel our pain . You can show this tragedy is an American tragedy , because none of us should have to fear gunfire in their own churches , synagogues and mosques . If Trayvon Martin could have been your son , and the kids in the Aurora theater your daughters , then the aunts and uncles shot while praying on that Sunday could have also been your own . We wish you were there on Thursday morning when community members entered their gurdwara for the first time since the massacre . You would have witnessed the spirit of chardi kala in the Sikh faith -- even in darkness , a rising resilience -- and shared this spirit , which is also part of the American character . Sikh women and men walked into a crime scene : blood on the carpets , there were bullet holes in the walls , and shattered windows . They flew into action , ripping out carpets , painting over bullet holes , scrubbing floors , and within hours , they served the first langar  open meal  , breaking bread beneath portraits of those who have died for our faith . Opinion : Why American Sikhs will survive We wish you were there later that night for the town hall meeting organized by your Justice Department . Nearly every Sikh American told officials that the attack on Sunday was not isolated or "  senseless , " but one in a long pattern of intentional acts of hate and discrimination in the last decade and long before . Our children are bullied in schools , our men and women are profiled at airports and barred from military service unless they give up their turbans , and our people endure racial slurs and hate crimes that are not specifically tracked by the FBI . You would have heard the community 's cry for help and publicly called upon all Americans to recommit to curbing the alarming rise of hate and fear in this country . News : Holder calls Sikh temple shooting a hate crime We wish you were there on Friday morning for the memorial for the dead . Three thousand people filled the Oak Creek High School gymnasium , a sea of people sitting in reverence and sorrow before six open caskets . We are deeply moved that you ordered the flags lowered to half-mast , an expression of respect and honor . But for Sikhs , and for Muslims who watched eight mosques attacked in eleven days , the threat is not over . "  All politics aside , a personal visit , even with the victims ' families , the temple , the people , for -LSB- the president -RSB- to take pictures with people who have turbans and beards does so much for our safety , " said Amardeep Kaleka , whose father was killed bravely fighting the gunman . I returned to New York this week . One cab driver pointed to his brown skin and said to me : "  This is not just about Sikh people . This is an attack on me too . " Belief : Sikh iReports speak to long-held fears in their community President Obama , I believe you can help our nation find lasting lessons in Oak Creek . Now that we 've had time to grieve , people who care are turning to one another and asking : What do we do now ? "  It is that fundamental belief that I am my brother 's keeper , -LSB- and -RSB- I am my sister 's keeper , that makes this country work , " Attorney General Holder said , repeating your words at the memorial service . President Obama , I believe that your wisdom , compassion , and voice can help Sikhs and all Americans chart the way forward . You may find the starting point when you visit the Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek -- a single bullet hole remains and below it a sign : "  We Are One . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Valarie Kaur .	Valarie Kaur : Politicians , others came to Oak Creek after Sikh shooting , not Obama She invites Obama , says his presence will send message of support , affirmation Kaur : Shootings in Aurora drew Obama ; not coming to Wisconsin hurts Sikhs Kaur : Sikhs ' values reflect American values too ; Obama must help demonstrate this
CNN  -- The U.S. government for the first time has provided legal notice that it plans to prosecute a defendant using information gathered by a controversial National Security Agency surveillance program . The Friday notice to lawyers in a terror case against Jamshid Muhtorov is significant because it allows the defendant to have court standing to challenge the program and its use in his prosecution . Previous legal challenges to the program failed because they could n't prove the warrantless surveillance was used in a prosecution . The government has used such surveillance information for investigative purposes before , but without public notification , according to U.S. officials and lawmakers who have come to the defense of the NSA . But civil liberties groups have pushed the Justice Department to publicly disclose any use . Friday 's announcement is expected to trigger a constitutional challenge that could land in the U.S. Supreme Court . The program is authorized under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which has become the subject of scrutiny since disclosures by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Court records show that federal investigators monitored phone calls and Internet activity by Muhtorov . "  The government intends to offer into evidence or otherwise use or disclose in proceedings ... information obtained or derived from acquisition of foreign intelligence information conducted pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 , " Friday 's court filing said . Muhtorov has been charged with providing and attempting to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization . Muhtorov , who resided in Aurora , Colorado , was taken into custody in January 2012 at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport . He is a refugee from Uzbekistan and is accused of planning to travel overseas and fight on behalf of the Islamic Jihad Union , authorities said . The IJU , a Pakistan-based extremist group with an anti-Western ideology , opposes secular rule in Uzbekistan and seeks to replace the regime there with a government based on Islamic law , the U.S. Justice Department said . Government officials say the IJU is known for conducting suicide attacks in Uzbekistan . The group has also claimed responsibility for numerous attacks against coalition forces in Afghanistan , a Justice Department statement said last year . Muhtorov allegedly has sworn allegiance to the IJU , stating that he was "  ready for any task , even with the risk of dying , " the department said . However , Muhtorov has not been linked to any plots or attacks on targets inside the United States , the statement said . Muhtorov also uses the names Abumumin Turkistony and Abu Mumin , authorities said .	Feds say for first time it will use NSA surveillance against a criminal defendant A terror suspect will now have legal standing to challenge controversial NSA program Previous legal challenges to program failed because they did n't have standing Terror defendant is an Uzbekistan refugee accused of aiding Islamic Jihad Union
CNN  -- Two New Jersey men are facing charges of running a 9/11 memorial scam allegedly by collecting donations and selling memorial T-shirts from the back of a pickup truck painted with the World Trade Center towers , according to the state attorney general 's office . Mark Niemczyk , 66 , of Tinton Falls , and Thomas Scalgione , 41 , of Manahawkin , allegedly sold T-shirts and collected donations out of their truck at 9/11 events from June 2010 until July 2012 . according to a statement from the New Jersey attorney general . They displayed a sign that read "  All donations for the T-shirts go to families of 9/11 , " but none of the more than $ 50,000 raised was sent to the victims ' families or 9/11 charities . Both men were indicted Monday on third-degree charges of conspiracy and two counts of theft by deception , according to the statement . Niemczyk was also charged with failure to file a personal state income tax return in 2011 , and for failing to report thousands of dollars in proceeds from the 9/11 T-shirt sales and donations and other money he had won at a casino . One count of theft by deception refers to the sale of T-shirts and collection of donations , and the second refers to the purchase of the T-shirts at a discounted rate by posing as a charity . The indictment did not specify a court date , and it could not be determined whether the men had retained attorneys . New Jersey in July 2011 filed suit against Niemczyk and Scalgione , alleging they defrauded donors . They were ordered to pay back $ 121,116 in donations and to pay civil penalties . They were also permanently barred from working for any charitable organization in New Jersey . The pair allegedly claimed they were father-and-son firefighters who were working at a firehouse near the World Trade Center on 9/11 , Director Elie Honig of the state Division of Criminal Justice said in the statement . "  Their conduct was outrageous , and we urge any victims who donated money or bought T-shirts from these con artists to contact us , " Honig said in the statement . According to the state attorney general 's statement , the truck used by the men was painted with the names of police and firefighters who died on September 11 , 2001 . Rosemary Cain , mother of firefighter George McCain , who was killed , felt betrayed when she learned her son 's name was being used as a part of the scam . "  I feel that he 's dishonored the 343 firefighters , he 's dishonored by putting their names on a truck and using it to scam people of their money , " she told CNN affiliate WCBS , referring to the defendants . "  Absolutely it 's a betrayal , it 's disgusting . " The two men purchased hundreds of T-shirts with 9/11 themes printed on them from two vendors . The vendors charged between $ 3 and $ 6.90 per shirt , which Niemczyk and Scaglione then sold for $ 20 apiece , according to the state attorney general 's office . "  The conduct of these two men was n't just despicable , " Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa said . "  It was criminal , and we are bringing them to justice . " Scalgione was the alleged "  public relations " part of the team , making arrangements to set up their truck at different 9/11 events , authorities said . The men were not registered with the state of New Jersey as a charitable organization as required by law . If convicted , Niemczyk and Scalgione could each face three to five years in prison . New York woman accused of faking cancer to raise money for drugs	NJ attorney general : "  The conduct , , , was n't just despicable , it was criminal " "  We are bringing them to justice , " he adds The two allegedly sold T-shirts and raised donations but no money went to 9/11 families It could not be determined if the two had retained attorneys
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban President Fidel Castro says he is open to the idea of meeting with U.S. President-elect Barack Obama . Former Cuban President Fidel Castro has largely been out of the political scene since falling ill in 2006 . "  With Obama , one can talk whenever he wants , because we 're not preachers of violence or war , " the communist leader wrote in an essay published Thursday on a state-run Web site . "  He must be reminded that the carrot-and-stick theory can not be applied in our country . " Friday 's missive marked the second time in recent weeks that a Cuban leader has said he is open to meeting with Obama . In the latest issue of The Nation , actor Sean Penn writes of his recent conversation in Havana with Raúl Castro , who took over as president this year from his ailing brother . According to Penn , Raúl Castro told him , "  Perhaps we could meet at Guantanamo . We must meet and begin to solve our problems , and at the end of the meeting , we could give the president a gift . ... We could send him home with the American flag that waves over Guantanamo Bay . " Obama has called for the U.S. detention facility at the Guantanamo Bay naval base on the island of Cuba to be closed . Despite the indications that the Cuban leadership is open to warmer relations with its neighbor to the north after 47 years of a U.S.-imposed trade embargo , some in Havana expressed skepticism that the impending change in leadership in the United States will translate in to a changed Cuban policy . "  Obama is a product of the American empire , " Carlos Pose said . But Elisany , a high school student , said she 's hopeful . "  We 've got to wait and see . I hope things change . "	"  We 're not preachers of violence or war , " Castro writes in essay Actor Sean Penn writes that Castro 's brother also open to meeting Some in Havana skeptical of change in U.S. policy
CNN  When the Avengers return to the big screen in May , expect destruction , superheroes coming to blows and lots of brooding . Things do n't seem to be working out so well for Iron Man , Captain America and the rest . The much-anticipated sequel sees Ultron -- an artificial intelligence who turns on humanity -- and his forces laying waste to the world , with the Avengers not quite up to the task of stopping them . The trailer has a lot of images that will be analyzed by Marvel Comics fans for the next few months  like who is that disrobing in the distance ?  . Best of all , we get a better look at the brawl between the Hulk and Tony Stark 's Hulkbuster . Needless to say , "  The Avengers : Age of Ultron " looks to be the movie to beat this summer , when it hits theaters on May 1 .	"  Avengers : Age of Ultron " debuted new trailer Monday night Superhero team 's battle with Ultron looks to be brutal New look at movie 's special effects
New York  CNN  -- A new emergency alert system that sends notifications to cell phones in the event of a disaster or terrorist attack will be implemented in New York and Washington by the end of this year , officials said . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Tuesday unveiled PLAN , the Personal Localized Alerting Network , which is expected to provide residents with timely information "  alerting them to imminent safety threats in their area . " Mobile phone users will receive "  geographically targeted , text-like messages , " according to a written statement from the Federal Communications Commission . "  Every weekday our population of 8.4 million residents swells to more than 12 million as commuters and tourists come to town , " Bloomberg told reporters . "  Under the PLAN program , we 'll be able to broadcast  emergency  messages to any of them who are within our target area . " Mobile customers will receive three types of alerts containing 90 characters or less , ranging from presidential alerts to child abduction bulletins . Phone carriers may allow subscribers to block all but presidential alerts , officials said . A special chip is needed to allow phones to receive the notifications , though many "  smart " phones already have the new technology , said FCC spokesman Neil Grace . "  We 're a mobile society , " said Craig Fugate , Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator . "  How many of us are sitting there listening to a radio or television when these  traditional  alerts come out ? " "  This system will send it to your phone . " It will also be able to send messages when cell phone towers experience network congestion , overriding other calls in an effort to deliver the notification . High mobile phone traffic and downed cell phone towers are considered primary reasons for service disruption in New York in the immediate aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  There are many lessons to be learned from 9/11 , " said Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski . "  One of them is that we were under-utilizing communications technologies in emergencies . " PLAN is expected to be expanded to the rest of the country by April 2012 and was made possible by a 2006 congressional bill called the Warning Alert and Response Network Act . "  It would have been great if we had something like this available as recently as last month for the tornadoes in the south , " Genachowski added . A record number of tornadoes swarmed through much of the Midwest and the South in April , killing hundreds of people and devastating many regions . Meanwhile , flooding in the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys -- largely the byproduct of torrential rains -- has left many local residents in search of higher ground .	A special chip is needed to allow a phone to receive the notifications PLAN will be able to send messages when cell phone towers experience high traffic Mobile customers will receive 3 types of alerts containing 90 characters or less New York mayor unveils plans for a new emergency alert system
Russia showed no signs of backing down Monday even as world leaders threatened sanctions and sternly rebuked the country for sending troops into Ukraine . At an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting to discuss the unfolding crisis , Ukraine 's envoy asked for help , saying that Russia had used planes , boats and helicopters to flood the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea with 16,000 troops in the past week . "  So far , Ukrainian armed forces have exercised restraint and refrained from active resistance to the aggression , but they are in full operational readiness , " Ukrainian Ambassador Yuriy Sergeyev said . As diplomats at the meeting asked Russia to withdraw its troops and called for mediation to end the crisis , Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin insisted his country 's aims were preserving democracy , protecting millions of Russians in Ukraine and stopping radical extremists . He said ousted President Viktor Yanukovych remains Ukraine 's elected leader and has asked Russia to send troops . The Russian envoy read a letter from Yanukovych at the U.N. meeting , describing Ukraine as a country "  on the brink of civil war , " plagued by "  chaos and anarchy . " "  People are being persecuted for language and political reasons , " the letter said . "  So in this regard , I would call on the President of Russia , Mr. Putin , asking him to use the armed forces of the Russian Federation to establish legitimacy , peace , law and order , stability and defending the people of Ukraine . " U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power said Russia 's claims about the situation in Ukraine are untrue and warned that sending military forces "  could be devastating . " Yanukovych , she said , abandoned his post last month and was then voted out of office by Ukraine 's democratically elected parliament . "  Russian military action is not a human rights protection mission , " Power said . "  It is a violation of international law . " Earlier Monday , global stocks slipped on fears things could get worse , and diplomats grasped for a way to stop the situation from escalating . British Foreign Secretary William Hague called the situation Europe 's most serious crisis of the still-young 21st century . And U.S. President Barack Obama said the United States is examining a series of economic and diplomatic steps to "  isolate Russia , " and he called on Congress to work with his administration on an economic assistance package for Ukraine . Tensions mount In Crimea , more Russian troops arrived , surrounding military posts and other facilities and taking effective control of the peninsula from Ukrainian authorities . What they planned to do next remained unclear . Analysts told CNN the apparently growing presence of Russian troops in Crimea means there 's a risk the tense standoff could escalate . "  There are lots of unintended consequences when you have armed men staring at each other in places like you do in Crimea , " said Michael McFaul , the former U.S. Ambassador to Russia . "  So I think we all need to be very vigilant and worry about the worst case scenario , because it 's no one 's interest ... to see all out civil war in this country in the heart of Europe of 50 million people . " Putin 's moves into Ukraine come as the Russian leader struggles to deal with a political crisis in the neighboring country that did n't unfold as his government hoped , according to Russia analyst Jill Dougherty , formerly CNN 's Moscow bureau chief . "  Putin has been trying to figure out what to do . So now he 's taking these steps , " Dougherty said . "  And I think that he probably thinks that they 're carefully calibrated . But he really is playing with fire . " In one ominous incident , a Ukrainian Defense Ministry spokesman said the commander of Russia 's Black Sea fleet boarded a blocked Ukrainian warship and issued a threat . "  Swear allegiance to the new Crimean authorities , or surrender , or face an attack , " he said , according to the spokesman , Vladislav Seleznyov . But a spokesman for the Russian Black Sea Fleet said there are no plans to storm Ukrainian military units in Crimea , according to the state-run Interfax news agency . And one Crimean official has reportedly described the situation there as quiet . Despite the assurances , stocks fell around the world , with Russian stocks leading the way as investors parsed the day 's developments . Markets declined in Asia , Europe and the United States , where the benchmark Dow Jones fell 153 points Monday . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Monday that sanctions against Russia were n't just possible , but likely . Ukraine 's shaky new government has mobilized troops and called up military reservists . In Kiev , interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , who has accused Moscow of declaring war , vowed that his West-leaning government would not give up the region . "  Nobody will give Crimea away . ... There are no grounds for the use of force against civilians and Ukrainians , and for the entry of the Russian military contingent , " he said . "  Russia never had any grounds and never will . " A strange scene : Somewhat polite standoff in Crimea If judged by the numbers , Ukraine 's military loses war with Russia Worried West The tensions have worried the West , and Russia 's G8 partners have condemned Moscow 's military buildup in Crimea . The world 's seven major industrialized powers also suspended preparations for the G8 summit in Sochi , Russia , in June . Their finance ministers announced some economic support for cash-strapped Ukraine . "  We are also committed to mobilize rapid technical assistance to support Ukraine in addressing its macroeconomic , regulatory , and anti-corruption challenges , " the finance ministers said in a written statement . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , due in Kiev Tuesday , said several foreign powers are looking at economic consequences if Russia does not withdraw its forces . The United States has suspended upcoming trade and investment talks with Russia due to the events in Ukraine , a spokesman for the U.S. trade representative said Monday . Obama said Monday that Russia should consider international condemnation of its military moves in Ukraine , adding that "  over time , this will be a costly proposition " due to sanctions and isolation that will result if the situation continues or worsens . Kerry will offer Ukraine a "  specific " package of U.S. economic aid when he travels to Kiev for talks Tuesday , Obama said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's office said Putin had accepted a proposal to establish a "  fact-finding mission " to Ukraine , possibly under the leadership of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , and to start a political dialogue . How is the rest of the world reacting ? East vs. West Ukraine , a nation of 45 million people sandwiched between Europe and Russia 's southwestern border , has been in chaos since Yanukovych was ousted on February 22 after bloody street protests that left dozens dead and hundreds wounded . Anti-government demonstrations started in late November , when Yanukovych spurned a deal with the EU , favoring closer ties with Moscow instead . Ukraine has faced a deepening split , with those in the west generally supporting the interim government and its European Union tilt , while many in the east prefer a Ukraine where Russia casts a long shadow . Nowhere is that feeling more intense than in Crimea , the last big bastion of opposition to the new political leadership . Ukraine suspects Russia of fomenting tension in the autonomous region that might escalate into a bid for separation by its Russian majority . Ukrainian leaders and commentators have compared events in Crimea to what happened in Georgia in 2008 . Then , cross-border tensions with Russia exploded into a five-day conflict that saw Russian tanks and troops pour into the breakaway territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , as well as Georgian cities . Russia and Georgia each blamed the other for starting the conflict . Moscow has defended its parliament 's approval of Putin 's use of military force to protect its citizens in the Crimean Peninsula , an autonomous region of eastern Ukraine with strong loyalty to Russia . But Ukraine 's ambassador to the U.N. says Russia 's reasoning for a possible invasion is fake . "  There is no evidence that the Russian ethnic population or Russian-speaking population is under threat , " Sergeyev told CNN . The Russian parliament , or Duma , is also considering a law that would allow for the annexation of Crimea , according to the parliament 's website . "  Now they are trying to create new legal basis to prove annexation of the territory they 're now occupying , " Sergeyev said . MAP : How Ukraine is divided	The United States suspends bilateral trade talks with Russia Ukraine envoy : Russian has sent 16,000 troops into Crimea Russia says Yanukovych asked them to send troops Former Ukraine PM asks "  all the world " for help in stopping Ukraine from losing Crimea
CNN  -- Mano Menezes has been entrusted to lead Brazil into the next World Cup on home soil in 2014 after being named as the replacement for sacked coach Dunga . The 48-year-old has no experience outside of his native Brazil where he has enjoyed success with Gremo and his current club Corinthians . "  I have the honor to inform you that I was approached by the Brazilian Football Confederation to take over the post of national team coach , " AFP reported Menezes at a media conference in Sao Paulo . "  I have come here to officially confirm that I have accepted the offer . " The Brazilian Football Confederation  CBF  said Menezes had been on a three-man shortlist to succeed Dunga and his chances greatly improved after Fluminense refused to release Muricy Ramalho from his contract . The new man in charge was then contacted by Ricardo Teixeira , the head of the CBF . "  Menezes was already on a three-man shortlist , drawn up during the World Cup in South Africa , " said a statement on the official CBF website . "  And his name was confirmed following talks with Texeira during which he approved the renewal project decided by the CBF pertaining to the 2014 World Cup that Brazil will host , " it added . Reports in Brazil said the third name on the CBF shortlist was former coach Luiz Felipe Scolari , who led Brazil to their 2002 World Cup triumph . Former Portugal and Chelsea coach Scolari will remain at Brazilian club side Palmeiras . Menezes will be officially unveiled on Monday before naming his squad for a friendly against the United States on August 10 . Dunga was sacked after Brazil were sent crashing out of the quarterfinals of the World Cup by the Netherlands . They had gone into the finals as South American champions and the world 's top-ranked team , but after taking the lead against the Dutch slipped to a disappointing 2-1 defeat .	Mano Menezes is the new coach of Brazil in succession to sacked Dunga Menezes emerged from a three-strong shortlist revealed Brazilian Football Confederation Dunga was sacked after World Cup quarterfinal exit to the Dutch
CNN  -- Millions of Americans are currently enthralled with the performance of our USA soccer team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup , as evidenced by the eruption of cheers that went up with when Landon Donovan scored a goal in the final minutes of the match against Algeria . His winning goal has been hailed as a watershed moment in American sports history , and "  futbol " fans are predicting he will be talked about years from now in the same breath as Hank Aaron , Joe Namath , Bobby Orr and Wilt Chamberlain . Sorry folks , it 's just not going to happen , -- despite the praying by CNN 's United Nations correspondent , Richard Roth , to make it so . It 's not that I detest soccer/futbol , but the reality is that Americans have not taken to the sport . As a native Houstonian , I sport the gear of the Houston Rockets , Texans , Astros and my Texas A&M Aggies  Houston has the largest concentration of Aggies  , but the MLS  Major League Soccer  Houston Dynamo did n't make the cut . Every year I hear fans say that "  it 's just around the corner " or "  this is the year " or "  the moment has arrived " when soccer is accepted along the lines of football , baseball and basketball . To be honest , even the National Hockey League has suffered immeasurably , and judging by TV ratings , the lack of a major TV deal , and limited stars well-known to non-hockey fans , it 's safe to say it is no longer viewed as one of four major team sports . There are myriad reasons why soccer has n't caught on , but no one can say it 's because of the a lack of interest among the nation 's youth . Millions of kids nationwide play the sport , from inner cities to the suburbs . Yet once they become teenagers , soccer falls by the wayside and the interest shifts to baseball , football and basketball . There have been several attempts at launching a major professional sports league , and the latest is the MLS , which has been around since 1993 . The league has valiantly tried to reach the big time , but it has struggled , largely catering to its small but loyal audience . If you walked into any sports bar in America , and those there had to choose which games to watch , the National Football League , the National Basketball Association , Major League Baseball , the PGA Tour or the National Hockey League , would all likely win out over MLS . Although I 'm not personally a soccer fan , I 've watched a few minutes of the World Cup . But it simply has n't been a "  must see " for me like the Ryder Cup or even the Olympics . And to be honest , the Olympics is probably the greatest comparison in terms of measuring the interest of soccer to American fans . Every four years we go nuts over our "  amateur " athletic stars . We cheer wildly when the U.S. bobsled team wins gold ; love to see our track stars fly around the oval ; and are enthralled with gymnastics . But once the Olympic Games have ended , we store our "  USA ! USA ! " chants for four years . I consider myself to be a huge track fan , and would love to see it on TV more , but the reality is that in other parts of the world , track stars are treated like Kobe Bryant and LeBron James . Yet if Usain Bolt walked through a mall anywhere in America , he might get a few stares , but he would n't be bombarded with autograph requests for photos , even though he is the Kobe of the track world right now . So soccer/futbol fans worldwide , do n't take it as insult that Americans do n't worship soccer the way you do . Everyone has their likes and dislikes . That 's really just fine . You do you , and we 'll do what we do . As for the World Cup , I 'll be cheering for the Donovan-led U.S. team to do well , while flipping back and forth to the NFL and NBA cable channels , pining for my two favorite sports to return in the fall . It 's just the American in me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin says Americans are cheering the success of the U.S. team in World Cup He says soccer still will never catch on as one of America 's major sports Fans are much more interested in NFL , MLB , NBA and NHL Martin : I 'm cheering for U.S. team , but pining for return of football , basketball
CNN  -- Have you ever dreamed of dog mushing through Alaska , climbing El Capitan or running the ultimate underground sand mine challenge ? Whatever your interests , there 's an inspirational adventure for every taste and skill level in Lonely Planet 's new book "  1000 Ultimate Adventures . " Lonely Planet 's picks include the world 's craziest caves , greatest airborne adventures , best spots to catch a big wave and the most thrilling canyoning , among others . Lonely Planet editors made the final selections after gathering nominations from their authors , contributors and larger Lonely Planet community . Of those 1,000 adventures around the world , 85 are located in the United States . While most of us may never qualify to race the famous Iditarod challenge from Anchorage to Nome , the race might inspire you to try a guided dog mushing trip . And while you do n't need to do all 8,000 miles of the Triple Crown of Hiking , the idea might encourage you to hike a part of the Appalachian Trail . "  We hope people find the inspiration to embark on one of these adventures , " said Emily K. Wolman , editor-at-large at Lonely Planet . "  The addition of ` adventure ' offers the further realization that you 're capable of more than you thought , as it takes you out of your comfort zone , pushes your boundaries and increases your confidence . " CNN asked Lonely Planet 's editors to recommend 10 U.S. adventures to readers . Will they inspire you to take a more daring vacation ? The Iditarod , Alaska Known as "  the last great race , " the Iditarod was first held in 1973 to promote Alaska 's dog-sledding heritage . Held the first Saturday in March , the nearly 1,100-mile race from Anchorage to Nome is famous for its tough tundra and climate . It can take experienced mushers and their dogs anywhere from nine to 15 days  or more  to complete . Not qualified to race in the Iditarod ? Novices can head to Fairbanks , often called the dog-mushing capital of the world , for a guided overnight trip to get a sense of the incredible beauty of Alaska . Triple Crown of Hiking Never mind that hiking just one of the three longest trails in the U.S. -- the Pacific Crest Trail , the Continental Divide Trail or the Appalachian Trail -- is an enormous commitment of body , resources and time . Even hiking 15 miles per day , it could take you 18 months to complete all three hikes . Conquer all three and you 'll have hiked nearly 8,000 miles and achieved the Triple Crown of Hiking . Whether you 're a novice or do n't have much vacation time , a day hike is a nice way to get a taste .  Mount Washington is on the Appalachian Trail and is part of a New Hampshire state park . Surfing Jaws , Hawaii The world 's best big wave surfers head to Maui 's North Shore in the winter to try to conquer Jaws , one of the biggest surf breaks in the world . Waves as high as 60 to 70 feet have been reported . To safely see the professionals take on Jaws , bring your binoculars and lawn chair to Peahi Cliffs and catch the view . Achieving Zero Gravity , Cape Canaveral , Florida You do n't have to go into outer space to achieve zero gravity if you 've got $ 5,000 to book a flight on Zero Gravity Corp. 's specially outfitted Boeing 727-200F known as G-Force One . About 30 minutes after taking flight , the airplane flies up and down to create the sensation of zero gravity . You 'll feel one-sixth of your earthly weight . Check the company 's flight schedule for other departure cities . Climbing El Capitan , Yosemite National Park , California El Capitan at Yosemite National Park is known as the rock where big wall rock climbing began , and the views from the top are spectacular . The nearly 3,600-foot vertical wall is n't thought to be difficult or technical for experienced climbers , but it 's long . It takes many climbers about five days to ascend , and they sleep in slings hanging from the rock during their journey . To admire the climbers from a distance , head to the eastern end of Yosemite 's Wawona Tunnel to admire El Capitan , Half Dome and other Yosemite legends . Canyoning the Grand Staircase , Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument , Utah Less known than Utah 's Arches and Zion National Parks , Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument covers about 1.7 million acres in southern Utah and is much less crowded than the two national parks . The Escalante has long , gorgeous canyons known as slots for people who love canyoning . For people who want to move through the monument at a slower pace , the Grand Staircase is packed with millions of years of geologic history , including dinosaur fossils , marine fossils  from when oceans covered this area  and Navajo sandstone . Winter wolf tracking , Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming Sure it 's cold during the winter at Yellowstone National Park , and some of the roads are closed . But the 3 million people who visit the park during the summer are also gone . The landscape is pristine and the wildlife spotting even better than usual as some animals head to lower elevations in winter . Hire a guide to track the lovely grey wolf ; with temperatures dropping to -4 degrees Fahrenheit in winter , you do n't want to get lost in this beautifully wild place . Snowshoeing in the White Mountains , New Hampshire The White Mountains of New Hampshire are popular for winter outdoor sports enthusiasts because they keep their snow longer than other regions of the United States . But the weather there can be intense and unpredictable . Even if you 're experienced in snowshoeing , you 'll need reliable winter weather navigation and avalanche preparedness . It 's not for the novice traveler . Sandmine Challenge , Missouri When you mix running with spelunking â $ " the exploration of caves â $ " you get "  sperunking " at the annual Sandmine Challenge each February in Crystal City , Missouri . Technically , the 4-mile race is held under Crystal City , located about 35 miles south of St. Louis . Competitors in the underground race through an old sand mine . They run , climb , wade and crawl almost entirely on a sand surface . That surface is sometimes wet and sometimes dry , sometimes shallow and sometimes deep . Race proceeds benefit PayBack Inc. , a St. Louis nonprofit juvenile restitution/community service agency . Snorkeling with the Manatees , Crystal River , Florida The natural springs of Crystal River National Wildlife Refuge are warm enough for manatees during the Florida winter season . But humans might still need wetsuits if you want to swim with the manatees between October and March . Snorkeling trips are recommended to view these social creatures .  They do n't like bubbles from scuba tanks .	Catch a killer wave off of Maui 's North Shore  or watch from a nearby cliff Run through an underground sand mine in Missouri for charity Track Yellowstone 's gray wolves in winter  but take a guide
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- An Illinois man was charged with possession of a potentially deadly neurotoxin commonly found in puffer fish after the FBI led a raid at his home Monday . Edward F. Bachner , 35 , of Lake in the Hills , was charged with one count of illegal possession of a toxin , according to a federal complaint filed in U.S. district court . Bachner is listed as the corporate secretary of Rosetta Wireless Corp. in Naperville , in suburban Chicago . Bachner was arrested after accepting a small amount of tetrodotoxin delivered by an undercover federal official at his home , the FBI said . Tetrodotoxin is a neurotoxin that in large doses can cause paralysis and death . It 's often linked to consumption of puffer fish , a delicacy from the Indian and Pacific oceans that can prove fatal if not prepared properly , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Bachner , using the alias Edmond Backer , attempted to purchase 98 milligrams of tetrodotoxin through the Web site of a New Jersey chemical company , according to the FBI . Bachner claimed he was a doctor working for Illinois-based EB Strategic Research , which does not exist . The quantity of the toxin requested alarmed an employee at the chemical company , who alerted authorities , the FBI said . Bachner appeared before a magistrate judge at the federal court in Rockford and is being held without bond until his next court appearance . If convicted , he faces up to 10 years in prison . Calls late Monday to Bachner 's home and business went unanswered .	FBI : Edward Bachner tried to buy 98 milligrams of tetrodotoxin through the Web Neurotoxin , commonly found in puffer fish species , can cause paralysis and death Bachner was arrested after accepting a small amount from an undercover official If convicted , the 35-year-old faces 10 years in prison
CNN  -- Sierra Leone 's economy was tarnished by a decade-long civil war , but the resource-rich African nation is now ready to bounce back , according to the country 's president . Ernest Bai Koroma said that a series of key financial reforms can help the west African country transform in the coming decades . "  I 've challenged Sierra Leoneans -- and I 'm sure they 've accepted the challenge -- that in the next 50 years , we are not only going to transform ourselves from a low-income country , but we will get ourselves to the level of middle-income country , " he says . "  By the next 50 years , Sierra Leone will be a donor nation rather than a recipient nation , " Koroma adds . The ambitious declaration comes as Sierra Leone , whose tumultuous civil war ended in 2002 , is stepping up efforts to improve its weak infrastructure -- the government is working with U.S. company Joule Africa to expand the Bumbuna Hydroelectric project in order to increase generation capacity in one of sub-Saharan Africa 's least electrified countries . Koroma , who 's been Sierra Leone 's president since 2007 , spoke to Marketplace Africa about the Bumbuna project and other development strategies aimed at bringing in more investors . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : As president , how do you rally a society past the trauma of war and help it keep the eye focused on the future ? Ernest Bai Koroma : We have had our difficult past and we do n't want to stick on the past . We want to focus on the future and that is why we are galvanizing the people to ensure that we learn from the mistakes of the past . We have opportunities , we have a great potential out there and Sierra Leone will transform itself . President : Sierra Leone 's ` blood diamonds ' in the past I have made a pronouncement during our 50th anniversary celebrations that as a nation we have to look at our 50 years as a period of not only celebrating but reflecting on the issues of the past -- also using the mistakes of the past as lessons to ensure that our future and the next 50 years will be a future of a difference . And I 've challenged Sierra Leoneans -- and I 'm sure they 've accepted the challenge -- that in the next 50 years , we are not only going to transform ourselves from a low-income country , but we will get ourselves to the level of middle-income country and by the next 50 years , Sierra Leone will be a donor nation rather than a recipient nation . CNN : It 's been 10 years since the war , look ahead the next 10 years , where do you see Sierra Leone ? EBK : Sierra Leone will have developed democratic values , to the point where it will no longer be considered as a fragile state . With all of the opportunities that avail themselves in the mineral sector , the agriculture sector , the tourism , we should be able to transform ourselves to a medium-level country . I believe with these gains we have made , we are not going to rest , we are going to continue to press on and Sierra Leone will be the place for investment opportunities . And with that , I 'm sure within the next 10 years , Sierra Leone will be completely different . We will have basic infrastructures established , the road network will be up and about ; communications , we 'll be landing a fiber optic by next month and it will enhance our communication ; educational sectors are now going through a reform process and we will continue to provide leadership and Sierra Leone will be completely different in the next 10 years . CNN : In many fragile post conflict states , the key challenge is infrastructure and making sure the infrastructure is able to manage the rebuilding of the whole country and the whole society . EBK : We quickly agreed on prioritizing our development agenda , and we call it in Sierra Leone , the Agenda for Change . And  in  that agenda we have energy , agriculture , infrastructure , health and education as the key sectors that should be given a priority and attention ... We believe that because of our agriculture potential , if we enhance our agricultural productivity , we will not only be addressing the issues of food , self - sufficiency but we 'll be addressing the issues of employment creation and also poverty reduction . CNN : Sierra Leone , right now , is one of the least electrified countries in sub-Sahara Africa but now you have this Bumbuna Hydroelectric project -- what are the immediate benefits for the economy and for the people of Sierra Leone ? EBK : We inherited a very difficult situation in the energy sector . It was a sector that had less than 10 megawatts of energy provision for the whole country . That is why we , as a government , worked on the completion of the Bumbuna Hydroelectric Project , it is a project that has been well under construction for over 30 years ... and people are realizing the benefits . Some of them have increased their domestic and economic activities because of a constant energy generation and they know that at the end of the day , "  if I pay my bills , I will continue to enjoy the supply and I enjoy the supply , I will be able to provide the services that will provide me an income , " so I think it is a win-win situation .	Ernest Bai Koroma has been president of Sierra Leone since 2007 Koroma says the resource-rich country is ready for business He spoke to CNN about the Bumbuna project and other development strategies
CNN  -- Amy Poehler drew a standing ovation when she initiated an impromptu pageant during the outstanding lead actress in a comedy category at the 2011 Emmy Awards . At the 2012 Golden Globes , Tina Fey made viewers do a double take , photo-bombing Poehler as the nominees were announced for best actress in a TV comedy or musical . The "  Parks and Recreation " and "  30 Rock " stars have been stealing the spotlight at awards shows as presenters and nominees for years . As Suzy Byrne of Yahoo! Entertainment says , "  It 's almost like they 've been practicing for this . " "  This " being their gig co-hosting the 70th Golden Globes , to air on NBC on January 13 . The news , which broke Monday evening , was met with such excitement from fans , celebrities and the media that many were left wondering , "  Seth Mac-who ? " It was announced this month that "  Family Guy " creator MacFarlane would host the 85th Academy Awards . It 's still considered a great get for the Oscars , which have been fixated on attracting a younger demographic , but all anybody seems to care about is the Fey/Poehler Globes . Tim Brooks , an author , TV historian and former network executive , told The Hollywood Reporter of MacFarlane 's appeal , "  Younger viewers probably know the name , but he 's not an A star . " It should be noted , however , that MacFarlane 's "  Ted " recently broke a box office record : The flick about a teddy bear that comes to life has surpassed "  The Hangover " as the highest-grossing non-sequel R-rated comedy worldwide . Meanwhile , Brooks said of the Globes pick , "  Tina Fey is a good choice , particularly . She 's appealing to younger and older viewers . She 's accessible . She 's not too trendy but trendy enough . " Poehler has similar range . Before starring on "  Parks and Recreation , " she appeared alongside Fey on "  Saturday Night Live " and in "  Mean Girls " and "  Baby Mama , " in addition to films like "  Wet Hot American Summer " and "  Blades of Glory . " "  They 're the first people we approached " for the job , said Aida Takla-O'Reilly , president of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . "  I like their style of comedy because they 're not trying to be funny , but they 're funny . ... It 's natural . " Takla-O'Reilly is just one of many dedicated fans . Two women recently bid big bucks at Comedy Central 's "  Night of Too Many Stars , " which benefits autism programs , to hang out with Fey and Poehler for one night . As some media outlets have pointed out , perhaps just to stir the pot , the foreign press association 's decision to book Fey and Poehler could be seen as a slap in the face of the Academy for choosing to announce Oscar nominations on January 10 , before the Golden Globes . However , Takla-O'Reilly says , that 's not the case . "  I have the deep belief that we honor the members of the Academy , " she said . "  In other words , what are the Golden Globes about ? What are we honoring ? Everyone we 're honoring there is a member of the Academy , right ? Where 's the competition ? " The Fey/Poehler pick was made because "  they 're obviously very pleasant to look at , and ... they play off of each other beautifully , " Takla-O'Reilly added , noting that she enjoyed their skit at the 2011 Emmy Awards . Even Ricky Gervais , who hosted the Globes in 2010 , 2011 and 2012 , had kind words for the ladies : "  Good luck to Tina Fey and Amy Poehler at the Golden Globes . After failing three years in a row to make E! Channel 's Best Dressed list , I decided to hand over the reins . " This is the pair that viewers have been waiting to see , Yahoo! Entertainment 's Byrne said . It 's not that people are expecting these women to get on stage and reinvent awards shows ; it 's that they 're looking forward to hearing smart jokes . "  They wo n't sit there and insult people like Ricky Gervais did , " Byrne said . "  It 's like in '30 Rock , ' when you watch it , people at home feel like they 're in on the joke . ... They 'll pull the audience in that way . " Like "  Saturday Night Live 's " Seth Meyers tweeted , "  Poehler and Fey hosting the Golden Globes is excellent news for those who love good times . "	Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will co-host the 70th Golden Globes Hollywood Foreign Press Association : "  They 're the first people we approached " Seth MacFarlane will host the Academy Awards The Globes will air on NBC on January 13
CNN  -- Here we go again . The perennial question of : "  Would you rather own shares in a major financial conglomerate or manage one ? " comes up as JPMorgan Chase loses more than $ 2 billion in trading bets . The answer seems clear . If you 're an executive who manages the money , you 're likely to get a large paycheck and bonus even if you 're responsible for the loss , directly or indirectly . Jamie Dimon is still getting his $ 23 million . Shares of the major banks continue to trade well below book value and generate miserable performance metrics -- and have over the years been very poor investments -- while senior executives and key employees continue to walk away with vastly outsize earnings , even when they oversee massive losses . Shareholders certainly have reasons to object to huge executive pay packages , especially ordinary people whose fund managers have put in stakes of the bank shares in their pension and mutual fund accounts . But the level of executive compensation comes out of shareholders ' pockets . If shareholders are unhappy with the division of the spoils , they have no one to blame but themselves . After all , they can always take their money elsewhere if they do n't think their cut of bank profits is big enough . The real concern for everyone -- including regulators and taxpayers -- is not the level of pay handed out to executives , nor how profits in a company are divided between employees and shareholders , but rather , the incentives for risk-taking that bank pay apparently continues to create . Regulators have called for deferred compensation to address the incentive problem . If deferred compensation presents employees with serious exposure to potentially big losses , they 'll have a major stake in the long-term solvency of the business and help spare taxpayers the cost of bailing out firms that have become too systemically important to fail . But forcing employees to bear significant exposure to potentially big losses may come at a price . Employees may require higher salaries to compensate for increased risk . We 're seeing this reflected in recently announced pay packages . The price is paid primarily by shareholders while the benefits of any improvement in financial stability accrue to society as a whole . Deferred cash compensation makes employees debt holders , so it ought to reduce risk-taking . So should compensation in a form that explicitly converts to equity when the firm gets into trouble and is bailout-proof . Deferred stock compensation , however , may do just the opposite . As long as there are implicit government guarantees for financial institutions that are considered too big , too complex or too interconnected to fail , the value of those institutions ' stocks increases with risk-taking . The more risk a bank takes , the greater the value of government guarantees and potential bailouts . This value gets passed on to the bank 's stock price . If employees are paid in deferred stock , the risk incentives are then passed on to them , encouraging them to speculate . Rules that mandate more pay in the form of stock miss the point . It helps align the interests of employees and shareholders , but it fails to align their interests with those of taxpayers . Ultimately , it 's the taxpayers who are held hostage . They care about the size of bailout necessitated by excessive risk-taking taken by banks , and about economic growth , but not about how bank profits are divided per se , since they do n't get a cut in any case . Regulators are aware that bank stockholders have an overriding desire to take more risk than is good for society because chronic under-pricing of government guarantees makes it profitable for banks to seek risky assets and lever them as much as possible . This is the reason for capital requirements and the Volcker Rule , which tries to restrict risk-taking . Recent attempts to reform compensation overlook how complicated the compensation process can be . Trying to discourage risky behavior is like fighting an uphill battle against shareholders who like risk . Moreover , risk incentives are harder to measure , and their regulation is easy to circumvent . Criticizing the compensation packages of JPMorgan 's Dimon and his senior associates might be popular with voters , but regulators would be better off focusing on the source of the problem -- the mispricing of government guarantees that create perverse risk incentives in the first place . Pricing deposit insurance differently or banning activities such as proprietary trading would give shareholders and employees alike an incentive to rein in risk-taking . Employee compensation would then reform itself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ingo Walter and Jennifer Carpenter .	JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon gets $ 23 million pay package despite the bank 's $ 2 billion loss Ingo Walter and Jennifer Carpenter : Real concern should not be level of executive pay They say bank shareholders and employees have incentives to take risks to make more money Focus on changing risk incentives rather than amount of pay , the writers say
CNN  -- Interpol has rebutted Malaysia 's explanation for not checking an international database of lost and stolen passports when passengers boarded Flight 370 , an omission that may have allowed two Iranian men with stolen passports onto the plane . Malaysian Home Minister Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid Hamidi told the Malay Mail Online this week that using Interpol 's Stolen and Lost Travel Documents  SLTD  database might have slowed down the process of immigration checks at airport counters . He said the country 's immigration 's equipment could not handle the global database of 40.2 million lost passports . Interpol fired back on Friday , saying the problem can not be blamed on technology or Interpol . "  Interpol 's SLTD database takes just seconds to reveal whether a passport is listed , with recent tests providing results in 0.2 seconds , " the international law enforcement agency said in a statement . "  The fact is that the U.S. consults this database more than 230 million times per year ; the UK more than 140 million times ; the UAE more than 100 million times and Singapore more than 29 million times . Not one of these countries , or indeed any INTERPOL member country , has ever stated that the response time is too slow . " Interpol earlier said two Iranian men , Pouri Nourmohammadi , 18 , and Delavar Syed Mohammad Reza , 29 , used stolen Austrian and Italian passports to board Flight 370 . The men entered Malaysia using valid Iranian passports . The men have not been linked to terrorism . Thailand is a hub for the sale of stolen or fake passports .	Two Iranian men boarded Malaysia Airlines flight 370 with stolen passports Malaysia says checking passports against Interpol 's database would take too long Interpol responds , saying the process is very speedy
CNN  -- Attention white Anglo-Saxon Protestants : Your days of running things are over . You have jumped the shark . But there 's no need to feel bad for WASPs . They 've had an amazing run . Every single president in our nation 's history , except for John F. Kennedy -- a Catholic -- and Barack Obama , has been a white Protestant . Except for a handful of exceptions , for over 200 years the presidential nominees of both major political parties have been WASPs . WASPs had almost as many victories in a row as The Harlem Globetrotters . But it 's over . Look at this year 's presidential tickets : A Mormon , an African-American , and two Catholics . Even some of the keynote speakers at the Democratic and Republican conventions were not WASPs . The GOP featured Italian-Irish Catholic Chris Christie and the Democrats tapped Latino-American , Julian Castro . Times are so bleak for WASPs that there 's not a single one on the Supreme Court . Likewise , in Congress , the percentage of Protestants fell from 74 percent in 1961 to a slim majority of 55 percent today . Neither the current Speaker of the House  John Boehner : Catholic  nor the Senate majority leader  Harry Reid : Mormon  is WASP . I 'm sincerely not gloating . And my jibes are in jest . But what I 'm happy about is that our two major political parties are increasingly reflecting the new face of America . The demographics of our nation are changing and , by 2042 , minorities are expected to become the majority in the U.S. Objectively , the delegates at this year 's Democratic convention were far more diverse . The Republican convention looked more like the early bird dinner crowd at The Cracker Barrel . Opinion : In Ohio , candidates are salesmen trying to close the deal However , in the GOP 's defense , a party that is 90 % white , they have started to slowly showcase minorities , such as Sen. Marco Rubio and Govs. Nikki Haley and Bobby Jindal . They are well aware that if they do n't , the GOP will go the way of the Whigs . There 's little doubt that we will see more diverse presidential candidates . And we will likely see in the not too distant future a president who is Latino , Asian , Jewish , Sikh or Muslim .  That screaming sound you might have heard was Michele Bachmann shrieking in horror at the idea of a Muslim-American president . This is a testament to our nation . We are by our very nature progressive . It may take years , or even decades , to see change , but we always march forward , not back . So , how did we get to where we are today where the white Protestant establishment seems to be losing power ? Well , it 's kind of complicated  as these things tend to be  . There are tons of reasons . But one important factor that has contributed to today 's political landscape is changing voting rights laws . Back in the days when our nation was founded , only white men who owned land could vote . That means rich white men with money get to control the political system .  I know some of you are thinking : How is that different than today ? In our first presidential election in 1789 , no women , no blacks , no poor white men , and in many states neither Catholics nor Jews , were permitted to vote . Over time , some states abandoned the requirement of land ownership so that poor white men could vote . And the religious restrictions were also lifted so that non-Protestants were able to vote . Opinion : Democrats and Republicans need a plan to keep American dream alive However , it was n't until after 1870 , when the 15th Amendment was ratified , that black American citizens were finally guaranteed the right to vote .  Although poll taxes , literacy laws and other measures were still employed in some states to disenfranchise black voters . And it took all the way to 1920 -- more than 100 years after our first president was elected -- that women were finally given the right to vote with the passage of the 19th Amendment to our Constitution . Enfranchising voters of all backgrounds has led to the opening up of our democratic process . Minorities no longer just voted -- they became active in politics . And they did n't just show up at political meetings -- over time they sought elective offices . And some of them won . With each success , they inspire even more minorities of every race , ethnicity and religion to become active in our political system . So WASPs , you 've had your great run . And there is no doubt that another white Protestant will rise up one day against the growing odds and win the White House . But until that day comes , you can console yourself knowing that a white Protestant male is one of the most exciting athletes in our nation today : Tim Tebow .  Of course , he is the back up to Mark Sanchez . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Every president except for JFK and Barack Obama has been a white Protestant Dean Obeidallah : WASPs have had an amazing run , but times have changed He says political parties are increasingly reflecting the new face of America Obeidallah : Changing voting rights laws have made our political system more democratic
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republicans were facing pressure Tuesday to vote for a rollback of across-the-board cuts in Medicare payments to health providers after a major doctors ' group said the cuts could lead to a "  meltdown " of the government 's health care system for the elderly . Doctors say they would take on fewer Medicare patients if the cuts go into effect . On Monday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , called several Republicans trying to persuade them to support a bill that would reverse a 10.6 percent cut in Medicare payments to doctors . The cuts in Medicare payments -- part of a scheduled cost-saving formula -- went into effect July 1 , although the Bush administration said it will hold off on processing claims until mid-July to give Congress time to reach a compromise . The Medicare system pays for the health care of roughly 40 million elderly Americans . Rising health care costs have made Medicare a growing part of the federal budget , and the stress on the system is increasing as more baby boomers reach retirement age . Similar cuts have been scheduled to go into effect on July 1 in previous years , but Congress always has voted to stop the cuts before they went into effect . Gerald Harmon , a family physician who practices in Pawleys Island , South Carolina , said the cuts could lead to doctors taking fewer Medicare patients , making it difficult for the program 's elderly patients to get the care they need . "  This Medicare access problem is a real issue , not just a political football , " said Harmon , who said 35 percent of his patients were eligible for Medicare . "  It affects your dad , when he 's sick . It affects my patients in my practice . This has to be addressed . " A vote on the bill last week fell one shy of the 60 needed to clear a Republican filibuster and advance in the Senate . Senate Republicans joined the White House in objecting to the Democratic-back bill because it paid for the increased payments to doctors by trimming government support for private insurance programs that provide coverage to Medicare patients . The private Medicare programs are a top policy initiative for Republicans . The issue has become the subject of an intense election-year lobbying and advertising campaign aimed primarily at its GOP opponents . The American Medical Association , a powerful doctor 's group , said its members may be forced to reduce service to Medicare patients if the cuts go into effect . According to a recent association survey , 60 percent of physicians will be forced to limit the number of new Medicare patients they can take on if the July 1 cuts go into effect . "  We stand at the brink of a Medicare meltdown . ... For doctors , this is not a partisan issue -- it 's a patient access issue , " AMA President Nancy Nielsen said in a statement after the Senate vote last week . The AMA ran radio and TV ads over the July Fourth congressional recess targeting 10 Republican senators , seven of whom are up for re-election . The AARP , the nation 's largest organization of retired persons , and other groups also are weighing in against the cuts . Reid has "  no idea " if the pressure has changed any minds , but the "  proof will be in the pudding " when senators vote again to break the filibuster , said Jim Manley , a spokesman for the speaker . That vote is likely to occur Wednesday . "  There is clearly a lot of pressure , " Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , said Monday . Baucus said he has talked to several Republicans and "  there are a few " who could switch their votes . But GOP lawmakers and aides gave no indication the intense lobbying had changed any minds , and even if the bill does pass the Senate , it may still face a presidential veto . Republicans "  are holding out for a compromise that can pass and the president can sign , " said a top GOP leadership aide . At the heart of the dispute is the decision by Democratic lawmakers to pay for the "  doctors ' fix " by cutting funds for Medicare Advantage , a program administered by private insurance companies that is generally favored by Republicans and opposed by Democrats . The program , which has more benefits than traditional Medicare , is also more expensive . Republicans -- joined by the insurance industry -- fear Democrats are trying to weaken the Medicare alternative by draining funds away from it . President Bush has threatened to veto the legislation because of the cuts to Medicare Advantage -- so that even if Democrats get one additional vote to beat a filibuster , they will need several more to override a veto . The House of Representatives passed the bill 359-55 with broad Republican support in June , but the two-thirds vote needed to override a presidential veto appears , at the moment , to be an insurmountable barrier in the Senate . "  Our goal is to get a result , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  A vetoed bill is not a result . " McConnell on Monday pressed for a monthlong extension of the current fee schedule so senators could work on a compromise . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Miriam Falco contributed to this report	Medicare cut payments by 10.6 percent to doctors on July 1 Bush administration delays implementing cuts until mid-July Cuts could lead doctors to stop taking Medicare patients , advocacy groups argue Bill rolling back cuts stalled in the Senate due to Republican objections
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration is giving its airport checkpoint officers a new tool : a kit to test for explosive powders . If the X-ray machine detects a potentially hazardous powder , a sample will be mixed with a solution for testing . The TSA said Tuesday it is deploying the kits to all U.S. airports this week , but said it will have little noticeable impact on passengers . Travelers can still board planes with powders such as baby formula , makeup and medicines . "  The majority of passengers wo n't notice any difference in checkpoint procedures , " said TSA spokeswoman Kristin Lee . "  This is just one additional layer of security that helps bolster our explosive detection capability . " While there is no specific threat at this time involving explosive powders , the new kits will help protect against the possibility that terrorists could board a plane and use the powder as a component in an improvised explosive device , the TSA said . In practice , the initial screening process will not change . Passengers will still pass their carry-on bags through an X-ray machine . But if the X-ray machine detects a potentially hazardous powder , the powder container will be removed , a small sample will be taken and the sample will be mixed with a solution for testing . During pilot tests late last year , a "  very small percentage " of the baggage stream required additional tests , said Lee , who declined to give specific numbers , citing security concerns . The vast majority of common powders -- infant formula , medication and makeup -- did not need additional screening , she said . If powder does need another level of screening , it will be done in a way that avoids contamination of the product , and passengers will be made aware of the test , she said . Any powder determined to be a potential threat will not be permitted into the secure area . In the past , transportation security officers had to rely on TSA explosive specialists or local law enforcement to check out powders that required additional screening . The kits cost an average of $ 145 each , the TSA said . Three years ago , the TSA and its counterparts overseas imposed severe restrictions on the amount of liquids passengers could carry on planes after British authorities uncovered a plot to use flammable liquids to destroy at least seven transatlantic airliners . Those restrictions remain in place . On Monday , a British court convicted three men in the 2006 plot .	TSA kits will allow testing for explosive powders The agency said the testing will have little noticeable impact on passengers The initial carry-on screening process will not change Potentially hazardous powders will be mixed with a solution for testing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A 2004 crash that killed everyone on board -- three crew members and three U.S. troops -- was caused by pilots from a Blackwater plane taking a low-level run through a mountain canyon in Afghanistan , testimony revealed Tuesday . A twin-engine CASA C-212 , similar to the plane pictured , crashed in 2004 , killing all six on board . "  I swear to God , they would n't pay me if they knew how much fun this was , " the doomed plane 's cockpit voice recorder captured the pilot saying shortly before the November 27 , 2004 , crash . The account of the crash emerged during a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on Blackwater 's performance in Iraq and Afghanistan . In its November 2006 report on the crash , the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that Blackwater provided insufficient oversight and guidance of the pilots involved in the 2004 crash . Dispatchers failed to ensure that pilots followed their flight plan and did not adequately track flights in the air . The NTSB said the military "  did not provide adequate oversight of the contract carrier 's operations in Afghanistan . " The company 's chairman , Erik Prince , appeared before the committee to defend the firm Tuesday . The twin-engine CASA C-212 , a light cargo plane operated by Blackwater sister company Presidential Airways , crashed in a box canyon well off its planned route from Bagram Air Base to the western Afghan town of Shindand . "  You 're an X-wing fighter Star Wars man , " an NTSB report quoted the plane 's co-pilot , Loren Hammer , saying during the flight -- a reference to the dizzying battle in the 1977 film . "  You 're -LSB- expletive -RSB- right . This is fun , " the pilot , Noel English , responded . About eight minutes later , the plane slammed into the wall of the canyon , which was flanked by ridgelines that rose nearly a mile above surrounding terrain . When rescuers found the wreckage three days later , they discovered one of the passengers had survived the crash only to die of internal bleeding and exposure , the NTSB found . When an unidentified passenger asked about the plane 's route before the crash , flight mechanic Melvin Rowe told him , "  I do n't know what we 're gon na see . We do n't normally go this route . " English added , "  All we want is to avoid seeing rock at 12 o'clock . " English and Hammer had been in Afghanistan less than two weeks , the NTSB found . Federal investigators found each should have been paired with a more experienced aviator , according to Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California . Waxman is chairman of the oversight committee , which is investigating Blackwater 's performance on more than $ 1 billion in U.S. government contracts since 2001 . He said a company e-mail stated the company had overlooked experience requirements "  in favor of getting the requisite number of personnel on board to start up the contract . " "  The corporation hired inexperienced pilots . They sent them on a route they did n't know about , " Waxman said . "  It seems to me that it 's more than pilot error . There ought to be corporate responsibility , and Blackwater was the corporation involved . " Prince said investigators concluded the crash in Afghanistan was not due to corporate error , but pilot error . He rejected Waxman 's contention that the pilots "  acted like cowboys . " "  We provided thousands and thousands of flight hours of arrival service since then , " Prince said . "  Today , still , we 're flying more than a thousand missions a month . " Passengers on the flight included Lt. Col. Michael McMahon , the commander of a Hawaii-based Army aviation battalion ; and two members of his unit , Chief Warrant Officer Travis Grogan , and Spc. Harley Miller . In a letter read to the committee , McMahon 's widow , Col. Jeannette McMahon , wrote the accident was the result of a "  gross lack of judgment in managing this company . " Her husband 's unit had a great safety record , she wrote : "  It 's ironic and unfortunate that he had to be a passenger on this plane versus one of the people responsible for its safe operation . " The families of the passengers have filed suit against Presidential Airways and its related firms . Blackwater 's effort to dismiss the case is before a federal appeals court in Atlanta , plaintiff 's lawyer Robert Spohrer said . The company has come under scrutiny over its work in Iraq , where government officials accuse its contractors of killing as many as 20 civilians in a September clash in Baghdad . The Defense Department hired Blackwater to fly cargo to sites in Afghanistan , where larger transports are unable to take off or land . Prince described the job as "  rugged , Alaska-style bush flying . " And he said the military violated its own regulations by flying 400 pounds of 81mm mortar rounds along with the passengers and gear . E-mail to a friend	Pilots took dangerous run through canyon , according to testimony Account heard in hearing on Blackwater 's performance in Iraq , Afghanistan Waxman : "  It 's more than pilot error . There ought to be corporate responsibility " Plane crashed in November 2004 , killing all six on board
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Equipment that the oil company BP was using to help stop the massive oil gusher in the Gulf of Mexico is leaking -- another setback for the beleaguered company in its hope of stopping this disaster . The company will need to fix the leak before it can run crucial tests that could show whether an end finally is in sight to the environmental disaster , the company said . There was no timetable for when the leak was to be fixed , a company spokesman said early Thursday morning . Earlier , BP was proceeding with the critical test of its crippled well in the Gulf of Mexico . The U.S. government had told BP Tuesday to proceed with the "  integrity " test on the well in the Gulf of Mexico , and BP had begun the process of shutting off valves on its new capping stack , to see whether the well can hold the pressure . It 's hoped the tests , whenever they begin , will show whether the well can be contained -- either by closing the 30-foot , 75-ton cap stack or siphoning off oil to the surface . That could signal a beginning of an end to the catastrophe that began when the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded April 20 , killing 11 workers and launching the relentless oil spill . But even if the well is contained , the cleanup could take years . Retired Adm. Thad Allen , who is heading the government 's response to the oil spill , announced Wednesday the test had been given a green light , after it was delayed for a day so that procedures could be scrutinized . He said that after intense consultations with Energy Secretary Steven Chu and other scientists involved , "  At this time we 'll be releasing an order to BP to proceed with the well integrity test . But we gave them some additional direction to make sure we were are taking due care and in some cases an overabundance of caution , to make sure we did n't do any irreversible harm to the well as we proceed . " Allen said the officials "  sat long and hard about delaying the test " and it was "  not easy " to decide to delay . He said they wanted to make sure they 're "  getting this right " for this "  significant event . " Allen added the earlier delay was not prompted by the White House . "  We advised the White House that we decided to take a 24-hour break . It was us advising them that we thought it was the right thing to do . We briefed them , " he said . BP 's Senior Vice President Kent Wells reported shortly after Allen spoke that the middle valve of the three-valve stack had been closed . That 's an initial step in the complicated process of closing off the well and checking pressure to see how it 's holding . A key question was whether shutting the well was worth the risk , or whether it might damage the well bore . Allen said the test would be a stop-and-go process . It involves incrementally closing three valves on the new cap while testing pressure , a process that could unfold could over two days . Higher pressure readings would mean the leak is being stopped , while lower pressure indications would mean oil is escaping from other parts of the well . It was not clear early Thursday if the new leak was discovered by a lower pressure reading . The massive cap , which has a better seal than the last cap placed on the well , is about three stories high and weighs 160,000 pounds . If the well ca n't be shut off completely , oil could be diverted through riser pipes to ships on the surface . The Helix Producer and Q4000 currently are at the surface , but it might take several weeks before two more ships can be brought in to contain all the flow . Allen said a four-vessel system could recover up to 80,000 barrels  3.3 million gallons  a day , more than the high-end estimates of the well 's flow rate . Scientists estimate that 35,000 to 60,000 barrels  1.4 to 2.5 million gallons  of oil have spewed daily from BP 's breached well . Wells said the Helix Producer is ramping up production and recovered about 9,200 barrels  386,400 gallons  on Tuesday . The test is called an integrity test because it is aimed at ensuring the well bore has enough integrity to hold the pressure in the well when it is closed . "  In this exercise , high pressure is good , " Allen said . "  We are looking for somewhere between 8 - and 9,000 -LSB- pounds per square inch -RSB- inside the capping stack , which would indicate to us that the hydrocarbons are being forced up and the well bore 's being able to withstand that pressure . " Allen said that if low pressure readings persist for around a six-hour time frame , that could signal problems with the new cap . Meanwhile , two relief wells are seen as the ultimate solution to the oil disaster . They 're expected to be completed in August . Wells had said Tuesday that work on the relief wells was being delayed while officials prepared for the integrity test , noting that "  it 's a good precaution to take . " But Allen said Wednesday in his briefing the government has n't ordered BP to halt work on the relief wells . "  They are going very slowly . They have n't stopped , " he said . He did say that operations on the second relief well were temporarily suspended at a depth of 15,963 feet to ensure there is no interference with the first relief well . The second relief well is a backup to the first . When the relief well does intercept the crippled well , heavy mud and then cement would be pumped in to seal it permanently . Allen cautions that even if the engineering containment efforts work , there is still a lot to be done in a disaster that has affected the environment and the livelihoods of people from Louisiana to Florida . "  There 's still a significant amount of oil out there , and the oil recovery and the impacts of this oil will probably extend well into the fall in terms of oil coming ashore , tar balls , beach cleanup , and then we will be ... trying to understand the long-term environmental/ecological impact of the event , " he said . CNN 's John King , Jamie Morrison , Vivian Kuo and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	NEW : Leak puts a stop to tests on ruptured oil well NEW : No timetable for when leak will be repaired U.S. officials gave BP additional direction for tests
CNN  Desperate migrants from Africa and the Middle East keep heading to Europe , with 978 rescued Friday in the Mediterranean Sea , the Italian Coast Guard said Saturday via Twitter . The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya , said European Parliament member Matteo Salvini , the leader of Italy 's far-right Northern League . In the first three months of 2015 , Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving , the International Organization for Migration said , and about 2,000 were rescued at sea during the first weekend of April in the Channel of Sicily . Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria , the IMO said . They use Libya as a country of transit . At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year , often because of bad weather and overcrowded vessels used by smugglers , the IMO said . Sometimes the captains and crews abandon the ships , leaving passengers to fend for themselves . At this time last year , there were fewer than 50 deaths reported , the IMO said . Most of the migrants are asylum seekers , victims of trafficking or violence , unaccompanied children and pregnant women .	The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya , an Italian leader says At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean this year
CNN  -- Blanche Lincoln The League of Conservation Voters has targeted the senator from Arkansas by placing her name on the "  Dirty Dozen " list of candidates it hopes to defeat in mid-term elections . Politico.com reports that the environmentalist advocacy group selected Lincoln , a Democrat up for re-election this year , because she opposed passing comprehensive climate legislation and for supporting Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski 's resolution that would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating greenhouse gas emissions . According to Politico , the League raised more than $ 1.5 million to topple candidates in the last election . The Hill reports that Lincoln is fighting back . "  I have built a practical , common-sense record on energy and environmental issues while working closely with Arkansas environmental advocates , " Lincoln said in a released statement . "  Threats from extremist groups from outside our state tell me I 'm doing something right for Arkansas . " In 1998 , Lincoln made history when she became the youngest woman ever elected to the U.S. Senate at the age of 38 . Politico : Environmentalists target Blanche Lincoln The Hill : Lincoln responds to ` dirty dozen ' designation J.D. Salinger The famously reclusive author whose 1951 novel , "  The Catcher in the Rye , " became a touchstone for generations of readers , has died . He was 91 . Salinger never gave interviews or appeared in public , and "  in keeping with his lifelong , uncompromising desire to protect and defend his privacy there will be no service , " according to a family statement that his literary agent , Phyllis Westberg , provided Thursday . He wrote more than 30 short stories and a handful of novellas , many published in The New Yorker and collected in works such as "  Nine Stories " and "  Seymour : An Introduction . " But Salinger 's fame rests on "  Catcher , " his only novel . The book is narrated by a teenage boy , Holden Caulfield , who is expelled from fictional Pencey Prep , a private school in Pennsylvania . He then spends the next three days wandering around New York , railing against corrupt adults and "  phonies . " Holden Caulfield says , "  It 's funny . All you have to do is say something nobody understands and they 'll do practically anything you want them to . " Lots of Pencey Prep merchandise is for sale online today . CNN : Author J.D. Salinger dies at 91 Matthew Belmonte Not all stimulus money goes to building bridges . The Recovery Act is funding a lot of research , too . For example : Why do some children become autistic when others do not ? How can understanding what goes wrong in autistic brain development help us to understand what goes right in normal brain development ? Matthew Belmonte , an assistant professor of human development at Cornell University , received a National Science Foundation award of $ 700,000 -- funded by stimulus dollars -- to study the differences in autistic and non-autistic brains . To do this , children in both categories are undergoing experiments embedded within video games with science fiction themes . Once the kids learn the games , Belmonte and his team will study their brains using magnetic resonance imaging  MRI  and high-density electroencephalography  EEG  . Belmonte says that his research is driven by personal circumstances . He told the Science Works for U.S. Web site , "  I was always fascinated by order and regularity , " and as a child , he shared that fascination with his older brother , who has autism . "  There was always a certain empathy between me and my brother , " Belmont said . It was always clear to me , even before I had words for it , that he and I thought in the same way and saw the same things . " Recovery.gov : Award summary Charlie Wilson The 57-year-old R&B singer was once homeless , living on the streets of Los Angeles , California , between 1993 and 1995 . This Sunday , Wilson will find out if he 's won a Grammy Award -- or two . He 's been nominated for best R&B album for "  Uncle Charlie " and best R&B vocal for his hit single , "  There Goes My Baby . " USA Today reports that Wilson and his two brothers , Robert and Ronnie , had great success in the 1970s and 1980s as The Gap Band . But unable to cope with the financial side of the business , his life took a spiral downward . "  I had no home , no money , " he says . "  You could still hear my records on the radio . People gave me drugs because they thought I was still on top . Nobody knew I was down and out . " Wilson eventually got into rehab and married the director of the treatment program he was in . Then , in 1996 , Snoop Dogg asked him to be part of his recordings and his career -- this time in hip-hop -- blossomed again "  My blessings are ahead of me , " Wilson told USA Today . "  I 've cleaned out the garbage can . I do n't have fear of anybody taking anything anymore . You ca n't steal my joy . " Wilson has also been nominated for an NAACP Image Award . USA Today : Charlie Wilson fills the gap in his life 's winding road Nathan Contreras The Tucson 5-year-old has cystic fibrosis , an inherited chronic disease that can lead to life-threatening lung infections . KVOA-TV reports that Nathan 's parents , Leslie and Patrick Contreras , were not able to keep up with the cost of the expensive prescription drugs needed to treat their son . So they turned to Facebook for help , and people started making donations . The TV station reports that on Wednesday -- Nathan 's birthday -- an anonymous donor met the family at a local Walgreen 's and gave them $ 2,300 for his medications . According to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation , the disease affects some 30,000 children and adults in the United States . KVOA : Anonymous donor helps pay for child 's medication Cystic Fibrosis Foundation : What you need to know What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Arkansas senator defends environmental record Reclusive "  Catcher in the Rye " author dies at 91 5-year-old cystic fibrosis patient gets treatment thanks to anonymous donor
CNN  -- Last week 's attempted terror attack on an airplane heading from Amsterdam to Detroit has given rise to a bunch of familiar questions . How did the explosives get past security screening ? What steps could be taken to avert similar attacks ? Why was n't there an air marshal on the flight ? And , predictably , government officials have rushed to institute new safety measures to close holes in the system exposed by the incident . Reviewing what happened is important , but a lot of the discussion is off-base , a reflection of the fundamentally wrong conception most people have of terrorism and how to combat it . Terrorism is rare , far rarer than many people think . It 's rare because very few people want to commit acts of terrorism , and executing a terrorist plot is much harder than television makes it appear . The best defenses against terrorism are largely invisible : investigation , intelligence , and emergency response . But even these are less effective at keeping us safe than our social and political policies , both at home and abroad . However , our elected leaders do n't think this way : They are far more likely to implement security theater against movie-plot threats . A "  movie-plot threat " is an overly specific attack scenario . Whether it 's terrorists with crop dusters , terrorists contaminating the milk supply , or terrorists attacking the Olympics , specific stories affect our emotions more intensely than mere data does . Stories are what we fear . It 's not just hypothetical stories -- terrorists flying planes into buildings , terrorists with explosives strapped to their legs or with bombs in their shoes , and terrorists with guns and bombs waging a co-ordinated attack against a city are even scarier movie-plot threats because they actually happened . "  Security theater " refers to security measures that make people feel more secure without doing anything to actually improve their security . An example : the photo ID checks that have sprung up in office buildings . No one has ever explained why verifying that someone has a photo ID provides any actual security , but it looks like security to have a uniformed guard-for-hire looking at ID cards . Airport-security examples include the National Guard troops stationed at U.S. airports in the months after 9/11 -- their guns had no bullets . The U.S. color-coded system of threat levels , the pervasive harassment of photographers , and the metal detectors that are increasingly common in hotels and office buildings since the Mumbai terrorist attacks , are additional examples . To be sure , reasonable arguments can be made that some terrorist targets are more attractive than others : airplanes because a small bomb can result in the death of everyone aboard , monuments because of their national significance , national events because of television coverage , and transportation because of the numbers of people who commute daily . But there are literally millions of potential targets in any large country -- there are 5 million commercial buildings alone in the United States -- and hundreds of potential terrorist tactics . It 's impossible to defend every place against everything , and it 's impossible to predict which tactic and target terrorists will try next . Security is both a feeling and a reality . The propensity for security theater comes from the interplay between the public and its leaders . When people are scared , they need something done that will make them feel safe , even if it does n't truly make them safer . Politicians naturally want to do something in response to crisis , even if that something does n't make any sense . Often , this "  something " is directly related to the details of a recent event . We confiscate liquids , screen shoes , and ban box cutters on airplanes . We tell people they ca n't use an airplane restroom in the last 90 minutes of an international flight . But it 's not the target and tactics of the last attack that are important , but the next attack . These measures are only effective if we happen to guess what the next terrorists are planning . If we spend billions defending our rail systems , and the terrorists bomb a shopping mall instead , we 've wasted our money . If we concentrate airport security on screening shoes and confiscating liquids , and the terrorists hide explosives in their brassieres and use solids , we 've wasted our money . Terrorists do n't care what they blow up and it should n't be our goal merely to force the terrorists to make a minor change in their tactics or targets . Our current response to terrorism is a form of "  magical thinking . " It relies on the idea that we can somehow make ourselves safer by protecting against what the terrorists happened to do last time . Unfortunately for politicians , the security measures that work are largely invisible . Such measures include enhancing the intelligence-gathering abilities of the secret services , hiring cultural experts and Arabic translators , building bridges with Islamic communities both nationally and internationally , funding police capabilities -- both investigative arms to prevent terrorist attacks , and emergency communications systems for after attacks occur -- and arresting terrorist plotters without media fanfare . They do not include expansive new police or spying laws . Our police do n't need any new laws to deal with terrorism ; rather , they need apolitical funding . The arrest of the "  liquid bombers " in London is an example : They were caught through old-fashioned intelligence and police work . Their choice of target  airplanes  and tactic  liquid explosives  did n't matter ; they would have been arrested regardless . But even as we do all of this we can not neglect the feeling of security , because it 's how we collectively overcome the psychological damage that terrorism causes . It 's not security theater we need , it 's direct appeals to our feelings . The best way to help people feel secure is by acting secure around them . Instead of reacting to terrorism with fear , we -- and our leaders -- need to react with indomitability , the kind of strength shown by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Prime Minister Winston Churchill during World War II . By not overreacting , by not responding to movie-plot threats , and by not becoming defensive , we demonstrate the resilience of our society , in our laws , our culture , our freedoms . There is a difference between indomitability and arrogant "  bring 'em on " rhetoric . There 's a difference between accepting the inherent risk that comes with a free and open society , and hyping the threats . We should treat terrorists like common criminals and give them all the benefits of true and open justice -- not merely because it demonstrates our indomitability , but because it makes us all safer . Once a society starts circumventing its own laws , the risks to its future stability are much greater than terrorism . Despite fearful rhetoric to the contrary , terrorism is not a transcendent threat . A terrorist attack can not possibly destroy a country 's way of life ; it 's only our reaction to that attack that can do that kind of damage . The more we undermine our own laws , the more we convert our buildings into fortresses , the more we reduce the freedoms and liberties at the foundation of our societies , the more we 're doing the terrorists ' job for them . Today , we can project indomitability by rolling back all the fear-based post-9 / 11 security measures . Our leaders have lost credibility ; getting it back requires a decrease in hyperbole . Ditch the invasive mass surveillance systems and new police state-like powers . Return airport security to pre-9 / 11 levels . Remove swagger from our foreign policies . Show the world that our legal system is up to the challenge of terrorism . Stop telling people to report all suspicious activity ; it does little but make us suspicious of each other , increasing both fear and helplessness . Counterterrorism is also hard , especially when we 're psychologically prone to muck it up . Since 9/11 , we 've embarked on strategies of defending specific targets against specific tactics , overreacting to every terrorist video , stoking fear , demonizing ethnic groups , and treating the terrorists as if they were legitimate military opponents who could actually destroy a country or a way of life -- all of this plays into the hands of terrorists . We 'd do much better by leveraging the inherent strengths of our modern democracies and the natural advantages we have over the terrorists : our adaptability and survivability , our international network of laws and law enforcement , and the freedoms and liberties that make our society so enviable . The way we live is open enough to make terrorists rare ; we are observant enough to prevent most of the terrorist plots that exist , and indomitable enough to survive the even fewer terrorist plots that actually succeed . We do n't need to pretend otherwise . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier . An earlier version of this essay appeared in New Internationalist magazine .	Incident on Detroit-bound plane led to tightening of airport security Bruce Schneier says politicians react to incidents by imposing "  security theater " Trying to predict what terrorists will do next is futile , Schneier says He says it 's better to put resources into investigations
CNN  -- Crystal R. takes pictures of her neighborhood as part of Witnesses to Hunger . Among Crystal 's photos of piles of trash , abandoned lots and barbed wire fences is a striking picture : large advertisements for "  special prices " of cigarettes promising "  Kool -- be true " that greet her on her way to shop for food . A recent analysis of federal data by the Population Health Metrics found that as smoking declines at a fast rate in more affluent communities , the rates are staying the same among the poor and working class . More people are smoking in poorer communities . It is easy to blame people in poverty for making bad choices . But it 's more complicated than that . Tobacco companies target these communities to encourage the habit , and the stresses of living in poverty and sometimes hopelessness also cause people to turn to cigarettes . Witness to Hunger works with the real experts -- mothers and caregivers of young children who have gone hungry and live in poverty . Crystal , who chooses not to use her last name , talks openly about the stress of her environment : "  When I go to the supermarket , it 's uncomfortable . ... It 's embarrassing to pull my Access card out . I feel like the other people in the line are just looking and judging , saying things ... " As pediatricians at Boston Medical Center , we know to define what is symptom of the disease , such as a cough , and what is the underlying disease to be treated , the pneumonia . We do n't just suppress the cough with syrups ; we treat the underlying infection with antibiotics . In this case , poverty may be as much the symptom as the disease , given how much the chronic stress of poverty drives unhealthy behaviors . There are underlying factors that must be addressed before tobacco use can be substantially reduced in all communities . First , tobacco companies target low-income neighborhoods with more cigarette advertising : larger signs , and three times as many brand ads . Tobacco manufacturers also specifically target young people in lower socioeconomic and minority neighborhoods and sell cheaper cigarettes in poor communities . This is an unconscionable strategy on the part of Big Tobacco . Another factor is that economic hardships , such as hunger , unstable housing and problems keeping the heat on are stressful and unhealthy for children . And childhood adversity is linked to unhealthy behaviors later , particularly to smoking . A Duke University study found that "  worries about paying bills or needing to sell possessions for cash independently erode a child 's self-control , regardless of strong parenting . " That lack of self-control often leads to smoking . Women are quitting cigarettes at a lower rate than men . But women who are abused either physically or psychologically by their partners often smoke to cope with their tough lives . Strikingly , these connections between violence exposure and smoking can be seen in low-income women and in higher socioeconomic groups as well . Single mothers in poor neighborhoods are more likely to experience "  double jeopardy , " with a high burden of childcare responsibilities coupled with social isolation and the chronic stress associated with neighborhood poverty . Smoking can be a reliable strategy to soften those burdens . The geography of opportunity and disadvantage is not equal across America . Clearly public health programs such as tobacco taxes and smoke-free public places and housing have worked in reducing smoking rates , but it seems poorer communities are being overlooked . Smoking is the top cause of preventable deaths in the United States . It causes lung cancer , heart disease , bronchitis , emphysema and more -- expensive health crises to add to the problems of the poor . To prevent smoking and keep young people from starting , it will take more than public health messages . It will require changing our economic policies to improve our neighborhood living conditions . People need well-paying jobs and safe communities to reduce the stress that often underlies smoking . Until we get real about the emotional toll of living in neighborhoods that offer little hope or help and stop the strong promotion of cigarettes , smoking will continue to be one strategy for coping among the most vulnerable members of our society . Note : An earlier version of this column did not make it clear that billboards advertising cigarettes are banned . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Smoking is not declining in poor communities as it is in more affluent places Writers : Big Tobacco targets low-income neighborhoods , sells cheap cigarettes They say stresses of poverty and hopelessness cause people to turn to smoking Writers : Smoking will be coping strategy until social ills of poverty are overcome
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova continued her run of tough three-set victories Thursday while Simona Halep maintained her flawless record of not dropping a set as the contrasting pair made it through to the title match at the French Open . The statuesque 1.88 meter Sharapova took two hours and 40 minutes to see off the semifinal challenge of Eugenie Bouchard , who came close to upsetting a player she idolized as a youngster growing up in Canada . Fourth seed Halep , a bundle of pugnacious energy at just 1.68 meters , was merely detained for 90 minutes in dispatching Germany 's Andrea Petkovic 6-2 7-6 on the same Philippe Chatrier Court . The 22-year-old Halep is the first Romanian to reach a grand slam final in 34 years . Russia 's Sharapova will be playing in her eighth , including her third in a row at the French Open , having won the title in 2012 and lost to Serena Williams last year . Sharapova has beaten Halep on the three occasions they have played , including the final on clay in Madrid earlier this year , but she will need to avoid the slow starts that have made her passage to the final so testing . Bouchard , just a few centimeters shorter than Sharapova and with the same powerful ground strokes , looked set to cause an upset when she achieved two breaks of service to take the opener 6-4 . Seventh seed Sharapova steadied her nerves by taking an early break in the second set , but when Bouchard hit back to level at 5-5 it might have raised doubts for a lesser player than the four-time grand slam winner . She responded in the style of a champion by breaking Bouchard again to win the second set 7-5 before racing into a lead she never surrendered in the decider . Bouchard , who was playing in her second straight grand slam semifinal -- losing to eventual winner Li Na in Australia -- bravely saved four match points at 2-5 down but succumbed on the fifth . Sharapova had repeated her feat of her previous two matches against Samantha Stosur and then Garbine Muguruza , who shocked title holder Williams in the second round , by coming back from a set down to prevail . After her victory , the 27-year-old Sharapova paid tribute to her 18th-seeded opponent . "  She played an unbelievable match . Her level was extremely high today and I am just fortunate to be the winner , " Sharapova said in her court side interview . "  I would prefer to win in two sets , but she started so well . It was tough losing the first set , but that 's not when the match is over . " Halep , whose manager Virginia Ruzici was champion at Roland Garros in 1978 and runner-up two years later to Chris Evert , was never seriously troubled against the German 28th seed Petkovic . She raced to a 4-1 lead in just 14 minutes with two breaks of service and quickly closed out the opener . Petkovic rallied to lead 3-1 in the set but gave up the advantage immediately and always trailed in the tiebreak , which she lost 7-4 . "  It 's very emotional to win and reach my first grand slam final , " said Halep . "  Andrea 's a great player but I think I was a little bit stronger . I tried my best and did everything I could to win the match . " Halep has risen swiftly through the ranks and won sixth titles in 2013 to be named the WTA 's most improved player . A promising junior , her career stalled until she had breast reduction surgery four years ago , helping her to increase her athleticism around the court , much in evidence on her favorite surface of clay .	Maria Sharapova into French Open final in Paris Beats Eugenie Bouchard 4-6 7-5 6-2 on Philippe Chatrier Sharapova won title in 2012 and lost in last year 's final She will play Simona Halep who beat Andrea Petkovic in second semi
Gallman , Mississippi  CNN  -- Heartbroken and baffled . That 's how friends and relatives of a Mississippi family described themselves the day authorities said they 'd found the bodies of Atira Hill , Laterry Smith and Jaidon Hill , 7 . The mother , stepfather and boy vanished last week . "  We went to bed last night still praying they would be brought home safely , but unfortunately , that did not happen , " said Vinson Jenkins , Hill 's cousin . "  To my knowledge , we do n't know why anybody would want to do any harm to them . " Authorities do n't know why yet either . When the family first disappeared , they hoped they had a simple missing persons case on their hands . The family was last seen Friday in a car . An investigation kicked into gear when that vehicle was later found flipped and on fire . Bloody clothes belonging to the victims were discovered next in a gas station Dumpster . And then the bodies were located . They were found overnight in a wooded area , Copiah County Sheriff Harold Jones said Tuesday . They had been shot to death . "  I do n't know how anyone could be so callous and cruel to do this -- take a life , especially the life of a child who hurt no one and did n't deserve what he got , " said Angela Ashford , another family member . Authorities have arrested 42-year-old Timothy Burns on suspicion of arson , Jones said . He is also being held for "  investigative purposes " in connection to the killings , according to the sheriff . It was not immediately clear whether Burns had retained representation . He was being held at the jail in Copiah County , southwest of Jackson . The investigation is ongoing , but at this point , authorities believe Burns was driving the car , got into an accident and then set the vehicle on fire , Jones said . It 's not known whether the victims were in the car at the time of the accident . Nor is it known whether Burns and the victims had ties , though the sheriff believes they did not . He said Burns led authorities to the bodies . "  We 're investigating . This just happened , " Jones said . According to CNN affiliate WAPT , Jaidon was a student at Stonebridge Elementary School in Brandon , Mississippi . A prayer vigil was held Tuesday night at the school , where a flag was lowered to half staff . Hill worked as a nurse 's assistant at the University of Mississippi Medical Center , while Smith was a Sheetrock installer , WAPT said . According to Hill 's mother , Judith Hughes , Hill called early Saturday to say she and Jaidon were on their way to meet Smith 's relatives to "  take care of some business . " Hughes said she asked her daughter if everything was OK . She said it was . The phone signal was weak , and the call dropped . Hughes tried calling back , but the call went straight to voice mail . Hughes said Jaidon lived with her and that he was meant to spend the weekend with his mother . After the family 's car was found flipped , Hughes said she went to the home where Hill and Smith are believed to have lived . It was empty , she said . Hughes ' house was full Tuesday as family members gathered to mourn and to try to makes sense of what happened . "  Atira had such a big heart , why her ? " asked Antionetta Taylor , one of Hill 's best friends . "  She never bothered anybody . She was so young -- and Jaidon was innocent . " In July : Mysterious Mississippi murder stokes suspicions bred by an ugly past Gary Tuchman reported from Gallman , Mississippi . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Meridith Edwards also contributed to this report .	The bodies of Atira Hill , Laterry Smith and Jaidon Hill , 7 , were found overnight The family was last seen Friday in a car That vehicle was later found flipped and on fire Authorities have arrested Timothy Burns , 42 , on suspicion of arson , a sheriff says
CNN  -- The owner of the Segway company has died , apparently in an accident involving one of his upright two-wheeled vehicles , police in England said Monday . The body of James Heselden , 62 , was pulled from the River Wharfe in northern England on Sunday , police said . A Segway-type vehicle was recovered from the river , police said . The incident is not thought to be suspicious , police said . Heselden 's family said in a statement that "  there is absolutely nothing to suggest it was anything other than a tragic accident . "  Our family has been left devastated by the sudden and tragic loss of a much-loved father and husband , " the family said . "  The exact circumstances of the accident are still being clarified and will , of course , be the subject of an inquest . " Heselden was the chairman of Hesco Bastion , a company that manufactures protective walls used by military troops . He also owned Segway Inc. . Hesco Bastion confirmed "  with great sadness " that Heselden had died "  in a tragic accident near his home . " It hailed his charitable work , saying that a donation of 10 million British pounds  nearly $ 16 million  to a local foundation earlier this month raised his lifetime charitable giving to 23 million pounds  over $ 36 million  . The British veterans ' charity Help for Heroes was another beneficiary of his donations , the company statement said . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Family mourns "  much-loved father and husband " A Segway-type vehicle is also pulled from the water , police say Heselden gave millions to charity , his company says
CNN  -- 10:54 p.m. -- People looking for loved ones in Haiti are posting their pictures on CNN.com 's iReport page dedicated to them . Likewise , people in Haiti are sending messages out to say they 're OK . Are you there ? Send us images , video 10:45 p.m. -- CNN 's Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta is the only doctor left at a makeshift hospital in Port-au-Prince after medical personnel were told by United Nations officials to leave the area . "  There is concern about riots not far from here -- and this is part of the problem , " Gupta said . 10:16 p.m. -- Officials caution that international aid teams arriving in Haiti need to be self-sufficient or they 'll be putting pressure on services that are already strained : "  If aid personnel arrive needing support in terms of transportation , lodging , food , and water , this just puts additional stress on services that are already constrained and needed by the Haitian population , " said Dr. Jon Andrus , deputy director of the Pan American Health Organization . 10:07 p.m. -- Hundreds of people filled the pews of a Catholic church in Silver Spring , Maryland , a suburb of Washington , D.C. , Friday evening to offer prayers for members of the area 's Haitian community in the wake of the earthquake in their homeland . 9:54 p.m. -- A general lack of resources in makeshift medical clinics means patients are undergoing amputations without anesthesia and staff are cleaning apparatus with soap and water , according to CNN Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen . "  They 're not even low-tech , they 're no tech , " she says . Read more 9:49 p.m. -- A top United Nations official acknowledges that the earthquake relief operation in Haiti is not progressing fast enough : "  You ca n't snap your fingers and make it happen just by magic , " U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes says . "  We will do it , slowly and surely . " 9:07 p.m. -- Yéle Haiti , the charity organization founded by musician Wyclef Jean , denies allegations that the organization is misusing donations : "  Wyclef Jean , the founder of Yéle Haiti , has never profited from his organization . It 's a shame that during this international emergency , we have had to divert resources away from our response efforts to address these allegations , " says Hugh Locke , president of Yéle Haiti . 8:39 p.m. -- Aftershocks continue to rock Haiti 's capital city of Port-au-Prince . Some are barely perceptable , others shake the ground , eliciting screams . One pair of overnight aftershocks were so strong they compelled a resting CNN crew to throw on their shoes and leave their rooms as a precaution . 8:09 p.m. -- Kids Alive International , an international orphan rescue group , is planning to bring 50 Haitian orphans to group homes in the Dominican Republic until new homes can be built for them in Haiti , the group said Friday . 7:51 p.m. -- Fire trucks and tanker trucks are sporadically driving around distributing drinkable water in a sign that food and water is slowly becoming available , according to CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum . At a U.N. distribution center guarded by Bolivian peacekeeping troops , thousands of plates of cooked rice and chicken were handed out to Haitians waiting in an orderly line . 7:30 p.m. -- The World Food Program gearing up to distribute ready-to-eat food rations to 2 million people in quake-stricken Haiti . WFP is part of the United Nations system and is voluntarily funded . Read more 7:25 p.m. -- The U.S. Postal Service is holding mail destined for Haiti , a spokeswoman said . Mail addressed to Haiti will still be accepted at post offices , but will be held until alternative transportation arrangements become available . 6:57 p.m. -- The deaths of three American citizens have been announced by their families or others . It is not known if they were among the five confirmed by The State Department . They are Jean Arnwine of Dallas , Texas ; Molly Hightower , 22 , of Port Orchard , Washington ; and Benjamin Larson , 25 , a student at Wartburg Theological Seminary in Dubuque , Iowa . 6:16 p.m. -- An 11-year-old girl who was rescued yesterday from a pile of rubble that was her home has died , CNN 's Ivan Watson reports . Rescue workers struggled to extract the girl as she wailed in pain under the weight of the rubble , which had crushed her leg . Her family says she died an hour after she was rescued . Watch her story 6:06 p.m. -- Entertainer Lady Gaga will donate all the proceeds from her January 24 show in New York City to relief efforts , a representative for her label , Interscope , said . She will also donate proceeds from all merchandise purchased that day at the venue and on her Web site . 5:46 p.m. -- U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced Friday that she is designating a temporary protected status for Haitian nationals who were in the United States as of Tuesday . Napolitano said the temporary status allows an estimated 100,000 to 200,000 Haitian nationals in the nation illegally to stay in the United States for 18 months . 5:38 p.m. -- The State Department has launched a "  Person Finder " tool on its site that helps people find and share information on missing loved ones in Haiti . 5:02 p.m. -- At least 100 bodies were discovered by a CNN crew in one open pit outside Port-au-Prince , along with several other pits half-filled or completely covered over with earth . In the capital city , bodies litter the streets , and barely functioning clinics are overwhelmed . There is still no confirmed death toll , but the Haitian consul general to the United Nations has estimated the toll could top 100,000 . Watch  graphic content 4:43 p.m. -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announces she will travel to Haiti tomorrow with U.S. Agency for International Development Director Rajiv Shah . Clinton , the first major U.S. official to travel to the quake-battered country , will meet with President Rene Preval and other members of the government . Watch 4:28 p.m. -- Philadelphia 76ers center and Haiti native Samuel Dalembert taped a public service announcement for UNICEF encouraging fans to contribute to relief efforts . UNICEF volunteers will also be available to collect donations from fans at tonight 's home game at the Wachovia Center . 3:47 p.m. -- As of Friday afternoon , corporate America had pledged more than $ 40 million in donations to support earthquake relief efforts in Haiti , according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . Read more 3:20 p.m. -- A number of celebrities , including George Clooney , Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , are contributing to Haiti relief efforts , according to ABC News . Clooney and MTV are working on a telethon for Haiti later this month , ABC said . 2:04 p.m. -- Images from Google Earth illustrate the devastation wrought by Haiti 's earthquake . Watch 1:47 p.m. -- President Obama confirmed Friday that he will team up with former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush to discuss how best to encourage a broad-based national volunteer relief effort for Haiti . The three leaders will meet Saturday at the White House . 1:30 p.m. -- The United Nations announced Friday that at least 37 of its personnel have died -- 36 with the U.N. mission and one with the World Food Programme . The number of unaccounted for U.N. people stands at 330 out of the 12,000 people working for U.N. organizations in Haiti before the earthquake . 1:12 p.m. -- "  The entire world stands with the government and the people of Haiti , " President Obama said at the White House . He said the United States bears a special responsibility to help Haiti , given the countries ' close proximity . 12:55 p.m. -- Pop star Madonna announced she has donated $ 250,000 to Partners in Health , a health care provider in Haiti . "  My prayers are with the people of Haiti , " statement from the singer said . "  I ca n't imagine the terrible pain and suffering they are experiencing . Sadly the depths of the tragedy are just becoming known and the need for our support grows more urgent with every passing moment . " 12:10 p.m. -- Jimmy O , a well-known singer and songwriter in Haiti who also was active in hip-hop artist and philanthropist Wyclef Jean 's charity , is dead . Jimmy O , 35 , was crushed in a vehicle in downtown Port-au-Prince during the earthquake . 11:30 a.m. -- President Obama spoke with Haitian President Rene Preval for about 30 minutes Friday morning , according to the White House . Obama reiterated his pledge of help , and Preval asked him to pass a message to the American people : "  From the bottom of my heart and on behalf of the Haitian people , thank you , thank you , thank you . " Follow daily developments : Tuesday Wednesday Thursday 11:25 a.m. -- A text-message and social network campaign has raised $ 8 million for the Red Cross ' relief efforts in Haiti , according to a Twitter message from the White House that was reposted on the Red Cross account . 11:13 a.m. -- CNN 's Anderson Cooper reports Port-au-Prince 's prison is empty but for four decomposing bodies . Watch  graphic content 10:43 a.m. -- Within four days , 700 soldiers from the 82nd Airborne will be in the quake zone . By Tuesday , three more U.S. Navy ships carrying 2,200 Marines and heavy equipment will join them . By Saturday , about 5,000 to 6,000 men and women dedicated to supporting the relief effort will be in Haiti , military officials say . Watch CNN affiliate WRAL 's report on the Marines ' mission 10:39 a.m. -- Five more American deaths have been confirmed in Haiti , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday , adding he expects the number to go up . 10:24 a.m. -- The USS Carl Vinson arrived off the coast of Haiti on Friday morning , Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said . 9:22 a.m. -- U.S. Army 's 82nd Airborne unit 's Iraq and Afghanistan veterans welcome an opportunity to take part in a humanitarian mission . Watch CNN affiliate WTVD 's report 8:15 a.m. -- Diesel fuel is selling on the black market in Port-au-Prince for $ 25 a gallon . It usually sells for $ 3 a gallon . 7:57 a.m. -- Cuba is allowing the United States to use its airspace to fly medical evacuation flights -- but no other relief flights -- from Haiti , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said Friday . This agreement will allow the United States to fly earthquake victims directly from Haiti to the United States and reduce the flight time . 7:15 a.m. -- At least 12 American corporations have pledged donations of $ 1 million or more to the Haiti relief effort . 7:09 a.m. -- Aid agencies continue to struggle to get relief items from the Port-au-Prince airport , said Dave Toycen , a relief worker with the aid agency World Vision . "  The issue is obviously logistics . It is problematic to get the streets clear , " Toycen said . "  There was a mile-long line to get gasoline . We are short the basics . " 5:55 a.m. Friday , January 15 , 2010 -- The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson is to arrive in Haiti on Friday , carrying 19 helicopters and 30 pallets of relief goods , Air Force Gen. Douglas Fraser said .	Watch Anderson Cooper report live from Haiti on Friday at 10 p.m. ET Read Twitter feeds to stay update on the latest in Haiti Read CNN 's complete special coverage of the latest developments in Haiti
CNN  -- Mexican authorities say they 've slaughtered more than a million chickens infected with bird flu . Investigators detected the virus in 18 farms in the central Mexican state of Guanajuato , Mexico 's Agriculture Ministry said this week . Chickens there were infected with the H7N3 virus , which Mexican authorities said does not pose a threat to humans . "  This virus is exclusive to birds , so there is no risk for public safety , " the Agriculture Ministry said earlier this month . Authorities offered different tallies of how many infected birds had been slaughtered . Agriculture Minister Enrique Martinez said Monday that more than 2.1 million chickens had been killed -- including 519,000 egg-producing chickens , 722,265 breeding chickens and 900,000 chickens raised for meat . On Tuesday , Javier Usabiaga Arroyo , a state agriculture official , said the total number of infected chickens killed was about 1.2 million , Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency reported . Officials have vaccinated 1.9 million birds since the outbreak began earlier this month , and they plan to vaccinate millions more , the Agriculture Ministry said in a statement this week . The outbreak has sparked concern about a possible spike in food prices , but authorities said Monday that the number of slaughtered chickens is a small fraction of the country 's overall population and there is no reason for egg or chicken prices to increase . "  The outbreak of avian influenza is controlled , " Mexico 's food safety agency said in a statement . Other strains of bird flu have spread to humans and prompted authorities to slaughter animals . In 1997 , authorities in Hong Kong killed about 1.5 million chickens after H5N1 avian influenza passed from birds to humans there . Last year a new strain of H3N8 flu jumped from birds to mammals and was responsible for the death of more than 160 seals off the New England coast . Cambodia sees spike in bird flu deaths January : Bird flu research resumes -- but not in U.S. France : Tainted horse meat likely eaten CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Investigators have found chickens infected with H7N3 on 18 farms in central Mexico Authorities say the outbreak has been controlled and does not pose a threat to humans More than 1.2 million infected chickens were slaughtered , a state agriculture official says Nearly 2 million chickens have been vaccinated against the virus since the outbreak began
London , England  CNN  -- Union members representing British Airways cabin crew announced Friday they will hold two separate strikes this month in a dispute over working conditions . The first strike will last three days from March 20 , and the next will last four days from March 27 , said Len McCluskey , the assistant general secretary of the Unite union . There will be no strikes over the Easter period , he said . Further strikes could be called if needed , he said . Will a British Airways strike impact you ? "  Regrettably , management turned down a remarkable offer , " McCluskey said . British Airways , which lost hundreds of million dollars last year , responded by saying it is "  extremely disappointed " with the union 's decision . "  We are very sorry for the stress and disruption Unite 's decision will cause , " the airline said in a statement . "  We are currently considering our response to this strike threat and what action we will need to take to minimize disruption . " The industrial action is over planned changes to cabin crew conditions , which BA says will save the carrier more than 60 million pounds  $ 91 million  a year . Unite has said the plans call for working hours to be extended and crew levels to be cut , changes that it has said will damage customer service and the BA brand . The two sides have been holding talks to avoid strikes . BA management submitted a formal offer to the union Thursday , Unite said , but added that the offer fails to address union concerns about crew numbers and service delivery . That prompted Unite officials to announce the strike dates . There is still a chance the strikes could be averted . Unite said union members will be able to vote on BA 's offer on the first day of the planned strikes , and if they vote to approve it , the strikes will be canceled . British Airways declined to share details of its offer with CNN . "  Unite 's action has no shred of justification , " the airline said . "  British Airways ' crew are rightly renowned for their professionalism and skills . Our entire package for crew recognizes that and is reasonable and fair . " BA said all union proposals so far would save the airline "  significantly " less money than BA 's own planned changes . "  In addition , Unite 's plans would cut crew pay and allowances , " BA said . "  The reductions required to generate sufficient savings would leave each crew member between 1,000 and 2,700 pounds  $ 1,516 and $ 4,095  a year worse off . These proposals lack credibility , and Unite did not inform crew of them when it asked them to vote for a strike . " In December , a judge blocked a planned 12-day strike by Unite over the same issues that would have started just before Christmas .	First strike will last three days from March 20 , and the next four days from March 27 There will be no strikes over Easter ; planned strikes could still be avoided Unite says BA plans will damage customer service and brand BA said union proposals would save the airline less money than its own changes
CNN  Jami Smith Lane clearly remembers saying goodbye to her 14-year-old daughter , Sierra Wilder , for the last time . It was a typical interaction between a parent and a teenage child . Sierra had just got into her uncle 's jeep , ready to set off for a vacation in Florida . "  I put her bags in the back , and I said , ` You get over here . ' And I made her open that door , and I gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek -- and she kind of rolled her eyes at me . And I said , ' I love you , ' " Lane recalled . The fleeting moment has become a precious memory for Lane . "  That 's something you ca n't ever , ever take away , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Monday . The small plane carrying Sierra back home from vacation crashed Friday in western Kentucky . Sierra and three others on board the plane were killed . But her 7-year-old cousin , Sailor Gutzler , somehow survived the disaster . ` We thought we had so much more time ' Sailor 's extraordinary tale of survival and the tragic deaths of four of her family members -- her mother , father , sister and cousin -- have captured worldwide attention . At the same time , the family and the community in the small town of Nashville , Illinois , are still trying to come to terms with the loss of four beloved members . "  This town and this world is just going to be so different without them , " said Lane . "  They were all such beautiful , beautiful people -- inside and out . " She described her daughter as "  a girly girl " who loved music , dancing , clothes , makeup and her friends and family . "  Sierra was so kind to everybody , and she looked at the positive in everything , " she told CNN . Lane said the loss has taught her a powerful lesson that she hoped other people would take away from the disaster . "  You do n't know if somebody 's going to walk out that door and you 're never going to see them again , " she said . "  That 's what all her friends are saying at school -- they thought they had so much time with her , just like we did . We thought we had so much more time . " Sierra had four brothers and also loved taking care of her younger cousins . Family members are coping as best they can . "  We 're helping each other out and leaning on each other , " Lane said . "  We have a lot of kids in the family and we were very close , so it 's very difficult . The children are doing as well as I think can be expected . " ' I can think of her kicking a soccer ball ' The other family members who died in the plane crash were Sierra 's uncle and aunt , Marty and Kimberly Gutzler , and Piper , their 9-year-old daughter . Piper loved sports , particularly soccer , basketball and softball , according to an obituary published Monday . "  I can think of her kicking a soccer ball or running around -- that ` s what I think about , " Michael Brink , a school superintendent in Nashville , told CNN affiliate KTVI . Piper also enjoyed "  going to the beach and being with family , " the obituary said . Marty Gutzler , 48 , owned a furniture store in Nashville and loved flying , boating and spending time with his family , his obituary said . Chris Collins -- the director of the airport in Mount Vernon , Illinois , where Gutzler housed his Piper PA-34 -- said they 'd known each other for more than 20 years . "  He was on a first-name basis with everyone . That 's how Marty was . He knew everyone . And everyone knew him , " Collins told CNN affiliate KFVS . He said what he remembered about Gutzler , a pilot of more than 30 years , was "  his friendliness , his smile -- he never met a stranger . " ' A devastation for our community ' Kimberly Gutzler , 46 , "  loved her animals , traveling , painting and spending time with her family , " according to her obituary . She and her husband were pillars of the community , according to Travis Volz , a family friend . "  They were just a mainstay for every event , everything , everything that happened , every sport , every activity they were always involved in it , " Volz told KTVI . Marty Gutzler 's pastor , Matthew Wietfeldt , at the Trinity Lutheran Church , said the loss of the four family members "  is a devastation for our community . " "  We 're hurting , " he told CNN . "  We 're so saddened by the loss and are grieving the loss of Marty and Kim and Piper and Sierra . " Lane said the community was rallying around the family and remembering the dead by repeating the phrase "  fly high . " "  Everyone 's opening their arms and sending well wishes , " she said . "  And all of them are telling everyone to ` fly high . ' " I was the sole survivor : 4 stories of plane crash survival	"  We thought we had so much more time , " Jami Smith Lane tells CNN Her 14-year-old daughter was killed in the plane crash that one girl survived
Washington  CNN  -- Republican vice-presidential hopeful and conservative star Paul Ryan kicks back with locally brewed beers while listening to '90s - era grunge music . He 's the first member of Generation X to be named to a major party ticket . Ryan 's up-by-your-bootstraps personality does n't exactly match the ennui expressed by the grunge bands of his youth -- he was voted "  biggest brown-noser " in high school , after all . But his economic and political perspectives , like those of many of his generation , were formed in part by the fiscally conservative Reaganomics principles of his childhood and the stark realities of entering a post-college job market during the 1990s recession and dot-com boom and bust . "  Gen Xers were supposed to be the lost generation .  That label  shaped him because he went back to the principles of hard work to get ahead , " said Dylan Glenn , a former Bush administration economic policy analyst who has been friends with Ryan for nearly 20 years . In his pairing with baby boomer Mitt Romney , the 42-year-old Ryan brings a conservative Gen Xer 's fiscal approach to the ticket , political experts say . For example , Ryan 's controversial "  Path to Prosperity " entitlement reform plan , which proposes a partially privatized Medicare program for future seniors , takes a cue from Gen X and Gen Y concerns that these programs will run out of funds long before Xers and Yers will be able to participate . "  There are plenty of young people who do not believe Medicare and Social Security are going to be there , and that 's part of the logic why Paul Ryan is trying to reform these things and make sure they are available for future generations , " said Soren Dayton , communications director for the Young Republican National Federation . Ryan 's conservative stance extends beyond fiscal policy It is a proposal that Romney has not fully embraced . His campaign told surrogates in a talking points memo obtained by CNN on Saturday : "  Gov. Romney applauds Paul Ryan for going in the right direction with his budget , and as president he will be putting together his own plan for cutting the deficit and putting the budget on a path to balance . " Still , Ryan 's history-making ascension to the ticket does suggest that the GOP is turning a page in leadership . "  This is a young generation of leadership coming forward , " said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta who has studied post-civil rights era politicians . Passing the torch requires that both generations of the party 's leadership agree to disagree on social policy , she said . "  A lot of young Republicans do n't agree with the party on a lot of social issues so they emphasize the fiscal stuff , " Gillespie said . Ryan opposes same-sex marriage and , as a devout Roman Catholic , once described himself as "  pro-life as a person gets . " However , in 2007 , he voted for the Employment Non-Discrimination Act , banning workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation . A Pew Research Poll conducted last month of nearly 3,000 adults found that support for allowing same-sex marriage has increased among Generation X from 44 % in 2008 to 52 % this year . "  Paul Ryan is a bridge between , generationally speaking , " said Amy Holmes , anchor of GBTV 's "  Real News " at the Blaze , a conservative news site owned by Glenn Beck . Ryan "  voted for banning workplace discrimination based on sexual discrimination . That 's a reflection in part of the Gen X sensibility . We 've grown up with gay men and women being out of the closet . ... It 's not as shocking as it is for boomers . " Ryan 's college years Ryan 's tepid support for environmental programs also seems to dovetail with Gen Xers ' views on the matter . According to a recent University of Michigan Institute for Social Research survey of 3,000 adults , just 5 % of Gen Xers said they are "  alarmed " and 18 % said they are "  concerned " about climate change . Most of the group surveyed last year , or 66 % , said they 're unsure if global warming is happening , and 10 % said they do n't believe it 's occurring . Those generational differences could help sway voters turned off by the GOP 's messaging on social issues such as abortion , but who are open to Republican stances on necessary budget cuts . Then there 's the visual appeal of Ryan , who is the same age as one of Romney 's sons . When Ryan stands on stage , flanked by his young children and wife , next to the Romneys , the older man looks warmer and more paternal , Gillespie said . "  Mitt Romney is extremely stiff ... because he still has this persona where it hard for him to feel relatable . To have someone who is young and dynamic helps soften Romney up and attracts that ` it ' factor and ` wow ' factor , " Gillespie said . "  Paul Ryan would seem to be cooler . Even talking about the fact that he listens to Led Zeppelin and grunge . ... The fact that he says he likes hard rock makes him seem cooler . ... That charisma is born in youth . " What do you think of Romney naming Ryan as his running mate ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	Paul Ryan is the first member of Gen X named to top of a major party ticket He came of age during an economic recession and the dot-com boom and bust His views on economy and social policy have Gen X influences , political experts say Ryan 's relative youth helps Romney 's appeal
CNN  -- North Korea reacted with indignation to a United Nations decision to investigate allegations of human rights abuses inside the isolated state , claiming it has one of the best systems worldwide for protecting citizens ' rights . The United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva said delegates agreed Thursday to set up a commission of inquiry to examine what it called "  grave , widespread and systematic " violations of human rights in North Korea . The decision followed a recent report submitted to the council by an independent expert alleging North Korea had committed a range of abuses , including torture , enslavement , enforced disappearances and murder . Many of the alleged acts "  may amount to crimes against humanity , " according to the report 's author , Marzuki Darusman , an Indonesian lawyer . The council 's decision to take action on his report comes amid heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula following the North 's latest underground nuclear test last month that prompted tougher U.N. sanctions on the regime of Kim Jong Un . Pyongyang has ramped up its rhetoric , issuing threats to Washington and Seoul on a near daily basis . Annual joint military exercises by U.S. and South Korean forces this month have fueled the North 's ire . Unsurprisingly , the North Korean representative at the U.N. Human Rights Council , So Se Pyong , had strong words Thursday about the move to establish the commission of inquiry . North Korean video shows imagined attack on Washington The draft resolution on the matter , adopted by the council without a vote , "  is no more than an instrument that serves the political purposes of the hostile forces in their attempt to discredit the image of the DPRK , " So said , using the shortened form of North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . He warned of "  serious consequences " if the council went ahead with the inquiry . North Korean citizens are "  happy with pride and honor that they have one of the best systems for promotion and protection of human rights in the world , " So told the council , according to the U.N. Reports of suffering His assertions run counter to the accounts of many North Koreans who have fled the country telling of horrific conditions . Humanitarian workers and others who have visited the reclusive state have also described a suffering population . Officials from other countries at the U.N. council disagreed with the North 's version of reality . "  For too long , the population of the country has been subjected to widespread and systematic human rights violations and abuses , " said Gerard Corr , the Irish representative speaking on behalf of the European Union . Human rights groups estimate that as many as 200,000 people are being held in a network of prison camps in North Korea that the regime is believed to use to crush political dissent . In his report to the U.N. council , Darusman identified nine patterns of rights violations in North Korea , such as depriving people of food , arbitrary detentions and heavy restrictions on freedom of expression . Under the issue of enforced disappearances , he also included the abductions of foreign citizens . A leading human rights group called the decision to set up the commission "  a landmark step . " "  This long awaited inquiry will help expose decades of abuse by the North Korean government , " said Julie de Rivero , advocacy director at Human Rights Watch . "  The establishment of this commission sends a strong message to Pyongyang that the world is watching and its abuses must end , " she said . China : U.S. risks antagonizing North Korea	NEW : A leading human rights group calls the move "  a landmark step " An inquiry will examine "  grave , widespread and systematic " rights violations in North Korea North Korea calls the move a political ploy by "  hostile forces " to harm its image The U.N. decision comes amid high tension on the Korean Peninsula
CNN  -- In Sydney 's trendy eastern suburbs , tattoo parlors are almost as ubiquitous as hairdressers . Fashionable , arty and with a long list of celebrity customers , the tattooists at Bondi Ink -- along the hip strip on Bondi Beach 's Campbell Parade -- have taken the art form a long way since blue birds of happiness and ` death before dishonor ' skull designs formed the stock in trade of parlors in the onetime port city . "  We run it like a hair and beauty salon -- usually Mondays and Tuesdays are our mums and prams day , " co-owner Wendy Tadrosse told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . While boutique tattoo parlors such as Bondi Ink like to highlight their family-friendly credentials , police estimate that at least one-in-four tattoo parlors across Australia are affiliated with outlaw motorcycle clubs such as the Hells Angels , the Gypsy Jokers and the Finks . This month , New South Wales passed new laws requiring tattoo parlor owners and employees to provide detailed information about their personal associations and criminal histories . Tadrosse said the new law unfairly targets the new breed of boutique tattoo parlors . "  It 's like we 've been tarred with the same brush , " she said . "  If there 's a shooting somewhere it 's like , "  Oooh , you know , bikies , tattoos . " Arthur Katsogiannis of the New South Wales Gang Squad said growing gang membership is now presenting serious law and order concerns across Australia . "  Murder to armed robbery to arson to malicious damage , firearms offences - tattoo parlors are synonymous with outlaw motorcycle gangs , " Katsogiannis told the ABC . "  Predominantly the way they make their income is through the manufacturing and distribution of illegal drugs , and by having the tattoo parlors opening , they can put some of the income derived from those illegal practices and declare it as income through the tattoo parlour , which then legitimises that particular income , " he said . He estimates that in New South Wales alone , there are just over 2000 gang members of outlaw motorcycle clubs and that recruitment is accelerating both in Australia and internationally . Besides the Tattoo Parlors Act , members of motorcycle clubs -- or ` bikies ' as they are known in Australia -- have had to contend with anti-association laws in New South Wales and South Australia . Engaging lawyers to overturn the laws in those states , bikies are now about to fight another battle in the northern Australian state of Queensland which on Wednesday passed a law banning gang members from owning , operating or working in tattoo parlors . The suite of laws aimed at disbanding gangs named 26 criminal organisations , including the Bandidos , Finks and Mongols , and banned members and associates from gathering and recruiting for new members . The laws also carry additional jail terms of 15 to 25 years for bikies who commit serious crimes . The state government , however , says it intends to go further , driving bikies out of the security , gym and second-hand car industries and even mooting a special bikies-only jail . Queensland Premier Campbell Newman vowed to hunt down "  relentlessly " criminal gangs in the state . "  This is not some flash in the pan or momentary phase . We are going to hunt you down , " he told parliament this week . "  Take off your colors , get a real job , act like decent , law-abiding human beings and become proper citizens in the state of Queensland and you will not have to go to jail . " Australian writer and journalist Adam Shand -- author of "  Outlaws : The Truth About Australian Bikers " -- told CNN that the bikie threat was often exaggerated by state governments who found a convenient populist target in outlaw gangs . "  Almost all the states have at one time or another -- usually to distract from problems or get re-elected - elected have brought up the bikie issue up , " he said . "  We 've seen vast amounts of money spent on task forces and crackdowns and new laws but in that period of about 10 years , the club numbers have only gone up : it 's actually attracted more young guys to the movement who figure ` well , if the cops do n't like it , there must be something good going on . ' "  You 've got a whole bunch of disaffected alienated at kids out there who see bike clubs as a cool alternative . " He said bikie chic in Australia was now so commonplace that fashion houses were releasing their own line in four-piece ` rockers ' -- the traditional leathers worn by motorcycle gang members . "  Of course , you probably would n't want to be standing next to a bikie when you went out wearing one , " he said . While critics , including the president of the Australian Council for Civil Liberties , Terry O'Gorman , and NSW director of public prosecutions , Nicholas Cowdery , have derided the new laws as ` hysterical ' , bikies have been involved in some high-profile murders including beating to death a rival gang member at Sydney Airport in plain view of passengers in 2009 . Australia 's most notorious turf war between rival clubs occurred in 1984 when members of the Comancheros and the Bandidos motorcycle club clashed in the Sydney suburb of Milperra . Seven gang members and one bystander were killed in the shooting spree which eventually led to 63 murder convictions and became the catalyst for significant changes to gun laws in New South Wales .	Queensland passes raft of tough new laws targetting motorcycle gangs The laws follow similar anti-association laws in other Australian states Tattoo parlors have been the subject of stringent new laws in some states Critics say the laws are populist measures that target a high-profile group
CNN  -- The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations committee on Wednesday cautioned the United States against engaging with Iran in the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Dana Bash , Sen. Robert Menendez also pushed back against criticism that lawmakers are purposefully holding off on an authorization vote until after Election Day in November . His comments came just minutes before the committee began hearing testimony from Secretary of State John Kerry on the administration 's plan to combat ISIS . Obama , Kerry : No U.S. troops will be sent into combat Kerry said Monday in Paris that the U.S. would be open to having talks with Iran on how to deal with the group . But Menendez said he has "  a problem " with directly cooperating with Iran "  because Iran has different goals than we have . " He added the country has a history of creating "  sectarian divisions of Iraq " and is "  is one of the patrons of  Bashar al -  Assad " and his regime in Syria . "  I do n't get how we engage with Iran in this context other than to realize that they 're in the theater for their own interests , " the New Jersey Democrat said . Pelosi stands firm against ground troops before Syrian funding President Barack Obama said Wednesday the international community and a coalition of at least 40 nations will degrade and defeat the group , which is bent on forming a caliphate from Syria to Iraq , in which strict Islamic law , or Sharia , governs all aspects of life . The House is set to vote on a measure Wednesday to authorize the arming and training of Syrian rebels to help fight ISIS . It is expected to get folded into a bill to fund the government , meaning Congress wo n't vote for it as a stand-alone measure . Bash asked Menendez if he thinks that 's a "  cowardly " way to approach the situation , as it makes it easier for lawmakers up for re-election to not have to be on the record on a tough vote . "  I get it . And I 'm -- and I 'm ready and willing to -- I voted for a year ago , on this very same committee , to do exactly what we 're doing , maybe for different purposes at the time , it was to defeat Assad , " he said . "  I 'm ready to cast that vote independently or as part of the  funding measure  myself . " Menendez said he also thinks Congress will authorize the use of military force in the region but he did n't indicate the vote would come before the midterm elections . "  It has nothing to do with the election , " he said . "  This is all about getting it right , not getting it fast . I do n't want to have another 2001 or 2003 authorization for the use of military force that has been used 13 years later in four different parts of the world . I do n't want to give an open-ended blank check to this or any other president . " Ahead of Kerry 's testimony Menendez said he wants to hear "  specifics " about the plan to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . "  I am convinced we are at war with ISIS , " he said , adding that he wants to know what "  resources " the U.S. will use and "  who is playing what senior role " in the effort . President Obama 's top general said Tuesday it 's not out of the realm of possibility -- if the situation requires it -- that the Pentagon would call for sending ground troops into Iraq to fight the terror group . On Wednesday , Obama reiterated there would be no U.S. ground troops engaging in combat in Iraq . He told service members at U.S. Central Command in Florida that troops "  do not and will not have a combat mission " to battle ISIS . ISIS has slaughtered swaths of people in both countries , and has beheaded two American journalists and a British aid worker it held in captivity . "  We must be clear-eyed " about the risk in engaging in a fight against ISIS , Menendez said in his opening remarks shortly after speaking with Bash . "  I want to hear what success looks like -LSB- in Syria and Iraq -RSB- after fighting comes to an end , " the senator said .	Senate Foreign Relations Chair Menendez says he wants "  specifics " on plan to fight ISIS ` We must be clear-eyed ' on the strategy , the Democratic senator from New Jersey says Secretary of State John Kerry testifyies about administration 's plan to defeat militants
You may have been paying it for 30 years without even knowing . But it all ends Friday . After a protracted legal battle , the Department of Energy is removing a small fee from electric bills intended to pay for the disposal of spent fuel at nuclear power plants . Power companies and state regulators successfully fought the Energy Department over the matter , saying the government has been collecting the fee for 30 years but wo n't begin disposing of nuclear waste for another 34 years . In a November ruling , a federal appeals court called the fees "  quite unfair " and ordered the government to stop collecting them . The change takes effect Friday . The fee is tiny -- one mill , or a tenth of a cent , for every kilowatt hour generated by nuclear power . That amounts to about 15 to 20 cents on the average monthly electric bill , industry officials estimate . But those tiny fees add up . Since 1982 , the Nuclear Waste Fund has grown by about $ 40 billion , and fees contribute an additional $ 750 million every year . But interest income means the fund will continue to grow by about $ 1.3 billion a year . Currently , the fund contains $ 31 billion , after the government spent billions on the failed effort to open a nuclear repository at Yucca Mountain in Nevada . Waste not removed For Michigan Public Service Commissioner Greg White , who fought the fee for years , the court victory is "  bittersweet . " The lawsuit , White says , primarily was intended to prod the federal government into solving the nuclear waste issue . "  From the very infancy of the commercial nuclear power industry , the federal government has always stated that it would take responsibility for the  disposal  of high-level nuclear waste , and that has n't happened , " White said . "  The waste all sits at the plant sites where it was generated , despite the collection of some $ 40 billion . " Meanwhile , stockpiles of spent nuclear fuel continue to grow . An estimated 2,000 metric tons of waste are generated every year to the 70,000 tons stored at some 100 sites nationwide . Cooling the fuel Spent nuclear fuel typically is stored for five years in pools of water , where it is allowed to cool . Then it is transferred to dry casks , which are considered safer because they can be cooled passively with air . In 1982 , Congress passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act , which gave the Department of Energy a 1998 deadline to begin disposing of spent nuclear fuel . After lengthy studies , Congress designated Yucca Mountain as the site for a permanent repository of nuclear waste . But opposition was intense , both from Nevada residents and environmentalists . And in 2010 , President Barack Obama , fulfilling a campaign promise , scuttled the Yucca Mountain program . A group of state utility commissioners , power companies and others went to court arguing that the government should not be collecting fees in the absence of a program . The court , in turn , pressed the Department of Energy to defend the fee , demanding estimates on the cost of future waste disposal efforts . It did n't like what it heard . The real solution : dispose of waste "  According to the Secretary  of Energy  , the final balance of the fund to be used to pay the costs of disposal could be somewhere between a $ 2 trillion deficit and a $ 4.9 trillion surplus , " U.S. Appeals Court Judge Laurence Silberman wrote . "  This range is so large as to be absolutely useless as an analytical technique " to determining the size of the fee . The Nuclear Energy Institute , the industry organization , heralded the decision to kill the fee , and lamented the lack of progress in finding a nuclear waste storage site . "  On-site storage is safe and can be maintained without any environmental impact . But that does not in any way excuse the federal government 's failure to meet its commitment ... to remove used fuel , " it said in a statement . White , the Michigan utility commissioner , said the fee is "  a consumer rip-off . " "  When you 're paying a fee , you should be getting something for what you 're paying for . " But he said the court ruling is an imperfect victory . "  A perfect victory would have been that the court would compel the federal government to do the program as required by law , " he said . White said he would welcome the return of the fee if it was accompanied by a workable plan to dispose of spent fuel .	The Department of Energy is removing a small fee from electric bills for nuclear disposal Power companies said the government was collecting the fee for 30 years But the government is not disposing of nuclear waste
South Hadley , Massachusetts  CNN  -- As a co-author of an American history textbook that was effectively banned in Texas eight years ago , I get a strong feeling of déjà vu all over again as I follow the state 's latest curricular wars . Historians and teachers have reason to be deeply concerned over the latest actions taken by the Texas Board of Education regarding social studies curriculum standards . The board has moved aggressively to put its hard-right conservative stamp on what students need to learn about the American past . Among the changes made by the board was the elimination of Thomas Jefferson from a list of thinkers who had inspired revolutions around the world . Conservatives object to Jefferson 's support for a clear separation of church and state . This trend is troubling in terms of the writing and the teaching of U.S. history . In 2002 , the school board , egged on by well-funded conservative organizations , excluded "  Out of Many : A History of the American People , " ostensibly for an offensive passage discussing prostitution on the Western frontier . But the real reason became clear as that dispute played out , and I think that it helps explain what 's happening today . Many conservatives are simply unwilling to accept how much the writing and teaching of American history has changed over the past 40 years . They want an American history that ignores or marginalizes African-Americans , women , Latinos , immigrants and popular culture . Rather than genuinely engaging the fundamental conflicts that have shaped our past , they prefer a celebratory history that denies those fundamental conflicts . Conservative textbook activists believe that somehow what they call the "  revisionist " history of recent decades needs to be "  balanced . " Hence their insistence that , for example , textbooks stress the superiority of American "  free enterprise " -- they think the word "  capitalism " is too negative . And they insist books stress , as school board chairman Don McLeroy put it , that "  America was built on Biblical ideals . " What 's wrong with this picture ? For one thing , the process itself undermines the hard work , research and professional judgments of teachers and outside experts who toil to come up with a coherent curriculum . This year , the Texas board approved more than 100 amendments to the 120-page curriculum standards affecting history , sociology and economic classes . Instead of acknowledging that genuine disagreements over interpretation and emphasis are the lifeblood of history , they reduce it all to a cartoonish process of correcting perceived "  bias . " This is a terrible trivialization of history , contributing to the dumbing-down of what students learn . If we want to equip our students with analytical skills , the tools that allow them to become critical thinkers and better citizens , then we need to expose them to a greater variety of often conflicting sources : primary documents , biographies , monographs , films and so on . We need to acknowledge there 's no such thing as history with a capital H . There are only individual men and women who struggle to make sense of some aspect of the past , bringing our own passions , preconceptions and points of view to our writing . American history looks a great deal more inclusive , capacious , contentious and messy than it did a half century ago . That is because contemporary events always affect how we understand the past . Thus , the civil rights movement led to an explosion of innovative and groundbreaking scholarship on African-American history . Similarly , there was very little attention to the historical experiences of women before the feminist upsurge of the 1970s . The antiwar movement and New Left of the 1960s and '70s prompted major reconsideration of the history of American foreign relations . The environmentalist movement has inspired a broad rethinking of the nation 's relationship to the land and natural resources . Much recent historical writing has confronted some of the more painful and difficult aspects of our past , such as the grim realities of American apartheid and the powerful influence of white supremacist thinking . But does this sort of work somehow demean America , as conservative critics charge ? Perhaps , if your goal is to reduce the study and teaching of history to a kind of pseudo-patriotic cheerleading . But I believe we have an obligation to present our students with inconvenient facts , to make them uncomfortable and to teach them how to assess competing interpretations of our past . Future historians may look back at the Texas textbook wars as a prime example of how contemporary political movements shape how we engage history . I ca n't think of a better example of that than the current campaign waged by conservatives to remove "  bias " from textbooks . Their success threatens to impoverish our students , teachers , and classrooms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Czitrom .	Daniel Czitrom co-wrote an American history textbook banned in Texas eight years ago Czitrom : Texas still putting hard-right conservative stamp on what students learn Writes : History according to Texas ignores blacks , women , Latinos , immigrants , pop culture It cheats students , trivializes history into pseudo-patriotic cheerleading , he writes
CNN  -- Ryder Cup captains past and present joined family and friends of golfing legend Severiano Ballesteros Wednesday for the funeral in his hometown parish church in the northern Spanish village of Pedrena . The 2012 European Captain Jose Maria Olazabal , and past European Ryder Cup captains Nick Faldo , Bernard Gallacher , Colin Montgomerie , Sam Torrance and Ian Woosnam , attended to pay their last respects to Ballesteros , a European Tour spokesman said . Ballesteros died Saturday from complications related to a brain tumor , his website said . He was 54 . The European Tour website said all of Spain 's 422 golf clubs will observe a minute 's silence , while the flag sticks at the Pro-Am of the Iberdrola Open in Majorca will have black ribbons attached . A procession from Ballesteros ' home to the nearby village church was led by a bagpiper . The golfer 's three children came just behind , carrying an urn with his ashes . Ballesteros ' website said someone also carried a three iron , the club he used when he started playing golf as a child . Crowds gathered outside the small San Pedro de Pedrena church to watch the funeral on big-screen televisions . Ballesteros won a record 50 tournaments on the European Tour before retiring in 2007 . A three-time British Open champion and two-time Masters champion , Ballesteros was often credited for transforming European golf . Ballesteros first made his name as a 19-year old in 1976 when he finished second at the British Open -- one of golf 's four major tournaments . That year he also went on to win the European Tour 's money list for the first of six times . His triumph at the 1979 British Open made him the youngest winner of the event that century and the first non-British European to do so since 1907 . He was twice a victor at the Masters in Augusta . As well as his success in stroke play tournaments , Ballesteros was also a mighty competitor in the match play format , winning the world title five times . He helped beat the United States in the 1985 Ryder Cup to begin two decades of dominance and also led his team to victory in Valderrama , Spain , in 1997 -- the first year that the teams event was hosted by Europe outside of Britain and Ireland . Ballesteros was diagnosed with a brain tumor after losing consciousness at Madrid Airport on October 5 , 2008 . He underwent surgery . In June 2009 , he established the Seve Ballesteros Foundation to fight cancer . The Roman Catholic funeral mass was officiated by three local parish priests . "  Seve stated that he wanted to be treated like any other neighbour during the ceremony , " the family website stated . After the funeral , his ashes were carried from the church back the family estate and placed next to a magnolia tree , Ballesteros ' website said . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	The funeral was held in Ballesteros ' hometown church The golfing legend won a record 50 tournaments on the European Tour He was diagnosed with a brain tumor in 2008
Washington  CNN  -- Embattled U.S. Rep. David Wu will resign from the House of Representatives after being accused of making unwanted sexual advances toward a fundraiser 's daughter , he announced Tuesday . In a statement issued by his office , the seven-term Oregon Democrat said he would step down once the current standoff between Congress and the White House over raising the U.S. debt ceiling is resolved . "  I can not care for my family the way I wish while serving in Congress and fighting these very serious allegations , " Wu said . "  The well-being of my children must come before anything else . " Gov. John Kitzhaber said he will call for a special election once he has Wu 's official resignation . On Friday , Portland newspaper The Oregonian reported that the daughter of one of Wu 's fundraisers accused him of unwanted sexual advances in May . Citing anonymous sources from inside the congressman 's office , The Oregonian said the woman , whom it declined to name , left a voice-mail message at Wu 's Portland office alleging aggressive advances . According to the newspaper , the woman was 18 when the alleged incident took place in November and it was never reported to police . With House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi seeking an ethics investigation after Friday 's news and calls for his resignation mounting back home , the congressman 's spokesman said Monday that he would not seek re-election and was "  considering all options " regarding the rest of his term . The 56-year-old congressman , who separated from his wife in 2009 , disclosed in February that he had sought "  professional medical care " after dealing with campaign stress , his responsibilities as a single father and his father 's death . The Oregonian reported that campaign aides had confronted him about his erratic behavior and use of medication during his 2010 re-election bid . "  I fully acknowledge that I could have dealt with these difficult circumstances better , and I remain focused on being a good father to my children and a strong representative for the people of Oregon , " he said at the time . Wu 's Portland-area district is heavily Democratic , and he won each of his races by double-digit margins . Rep. Steve Israel , the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said his party has long dominated elections in Oregon 's first congressional district , saying that "  a Democrat has held this seat in Congress since 1975 , Senator John Kerry won this district in 2004 and President Obama won this district with 63 percent in 2008 . "  We are confident that a Democrat will continue to represent the families in this overwhelmingly Democratic district . " CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Governor says he will call for special election Rep. David Wu has been accused of making unwanted sexual advances "  The well-being of my children must come before anything else , " he said in resigning Wu said he sought medical care after erratic behavior during his 2010 campaign
CNN  -- Al Qaeda 's branch in Yemen has claimed responsibility for Friday 's suicide bombing attack on a building housing Yemeni security forces . Al Qaeda in Yemen have claimed that Ahmed bin Said bin Omar al-Mashjari , right , carried out Friday 's attack . "  This attack was carried out in revenge for our brothers whose blood is on the hands of the infidel Yemeni forces , " according to an e-mailed statement that included a photo of the alleged suicide attacker . The photo identifies the attacker as Ahmed bin Said bin Omar al-Mashjari -- also known as Abu Dajjana al-Hadarmi -- from Yemen 's Hadramout governate where the attack took place . He is standing next to another man whose face is covered in front of a black-and-white banner . Both men have weapons slung across their shoulders ; guns and ammunition belts are also pictured beneath the banner in the background . Al-Mashjari is wearing a black and white head covering , but his face is visible . The e-mailed statement was dated July 25 , the day of the attack , but it was distributed and posted online on Sunday . According to Yemen 's state-run news agency SABA , a suicide car bomber crashed the white 2003 KIA into the gates of the security camp in the southern city of Sayoun on Friday , prompting guards to open fire on the attacker . The SABA report gave no details on casualties . Yemen 's Interior Ministry said four people were killed and 12 were injured , but the Yemen Post , an English-language newspaper that covers events in Yemen , put the number at 10 dead and about a dozen wounded . Hadramout 's governor Saleh al-Khanbashi described the bombing as a criminal terrorist act , and threatened to track down and bring to justice those responsible , SABA reported . CNN Senior Arab Affairs Editor Octavia Nasr contributed to this report	NEW : Web site shows photo of alleged suicide attacker along with statement Al Qaeda 's Yemen branch claims responsibility for suicide bombing attack Car bomb exploded at a building housing security forces Friday in southern city Sources in the country put the death toll from blast between 4 and 10
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- A U.N. report says hunger is on the rise globally and blames higher food prices . Populations within conflict zones such as the Democratic Republic of Congo are particularly vulnerable . The Food and Agriculture Organization has issued preliminary estimates classifying 963 million people as undernourished -- an increase of 40 million people over the past year . "  One out of seven people -- about 15 percent -- suffer chronically of not having enough to eat , " said Mark Smulders , an FAO economist . The hunger report -- titled "  The State of Food Insecurity in the World 2008 " -- said the world 's financial and economic problems could throw more people into poverty . The number of hungry had been increasing over the years before the rise in food prices , with warfare and political instability continuing to be among the factors causing poverty . The preliminary estimates lack a firm country breakdown , but last year 's figures are an accurate measure of where the problems are . About 907 out of 923 million undernourished people in 2007 , or 65 percent of the hungry , live in India , China , the war-wracked Democratic Republic of Congo , Bangladesh , Indonesia , Pakistan and Ethiopia . Smulders said about 27 percent of the world 's hungry live in India and 15 percent in China . The other countries each represent 4 to 5 percent of the world 's total . There has been progress in fighting hunger in the Asian nations of Thailand and Vietnam , and in the sub-Saharan African nations of Ghana , Republic of Congo , Nigeria , Mozambique and Malawi , the report said . Food prices have declined from their peak earlier in the year , but they are staying high compared to other years , the agency said . The Food and Agriculture Organization 's food price index was 28 percent higher in October than it was two years before . "  Prices of major cereals have fallen by over 50 percent from their peaks earlier in 2008 but they remain high compared to previous years , " the FAO said . The agency said the "  rural and urban poor , landless farmers and female-headed households are the worst hit by high food prices . " -- CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	U.N. agency says food prices are to blame for an increase in hunger Food and Agriculture Organization issues estimates 963 million undernourished It is an increase of 40 million people over the past year
CNN  -- Mila Kunis is living the dream . The actress has a thriving career and baby on the way with fiance Ashton Kutcher . But according to a recent interview with W Magazine , it 's even more of a fairy tale , as Kutcher was her first kiss . "  My first real kiss ever was with him on the show , " Kunis said of "  That '70s Show , " the 1998-2006 series in which the pair co-starred . Calling Kutcher the "  love of my life , " Kunis shared how they shared in a tradition of many high school couples -- even if , for them , it was make-believe . "  And when That '70s Show had a prom , my date for the prom turned out to be my fiance , " she said . "  We can honestly say that we went to prom together ! I do think that in that episode I went home with someone else . We do n't talk about that part . " It appears that Kunis can totally relate to those of us who once fantasized about that dreamy celeb , though she actually snagged her star . "  We all get movie star crushes , " she said . "  I 'm marrying mine . " Mila Kunis to men : Stop saying you 're pregnant Mila Kunis talks pregnancy , wants natural birth See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Kunis says "  That '70s Show " co-star Kutcher was her first kiss The pair went to prom together on their show She calls him the love of her life
CNN  -- George McGovern rode the swirling social and political currents of America in the late 1960s and early 1970s to lead a political movement that permanently changed the nation in ways that we still do not fully understand . A mild-mannered Midwestern intellectual , World War II combat hero and son of a Methodist minister , he became the leading edge of a storm promising  or threatening , depending on your point of view  transformative change on a wide range of issues including foreign policy , the electoral process and the rights of women . It was a storm that gathered intense support and equally intense opposition in the senator 's run for president against incumbent Richard Nixon in 1972 . While the nation 's younger and more highly educated rallied to McGovern 's standard , the "  silent majority " were deeply troubled by much of what they believed to be the McGovern agenda . George McGovern , an unabashed liberal voice , dies Ultimately , much of what George McGovern campaigned for in 1972 came to pass . Both major political parties have a system of nominating a president that is far more transparent , accountable and democratic than the systems that existed prior to 1972 . McGovern was instrumental in rewriting the rules for selecting Democratic convention delegates to include women , minorities and young people .  Women , minorities and gays now have far more rights and protections than they did in 1972 . But the cutting edge of the 1972 campaign was about how America dealt with the rest of the world , how it chose and challenged its adversaries , and in particular , how it would resolve the Vietnam War . By gaining the Democratic nomination , McGovern became the leading opponent of the war ; he challenged the usefulness of the 25-year strategy of containing the Soviet Union , the People 's Republic of China and any other nation committed to or influenced by Communism . McGovern and many other political leaders in both parties argued that in opposing Communism or other types of totalitarianism , the U.S. had to be far more strategic -- that fighting in places like Vietnam , where the outcome would have little real consequence on our nation 's global struggle against a failed ideology , squandered American lives and treasure . Greene : McGovern a strong man who overcame defeat While the Nixon administration and conservative Republicans lambasted McGovern for those views , Nixon eventually signed a peace agreement that ended the war on terms no more favorable than would have been granted had the McGovern-Hatfield Amendment been adopted in 1970 -- an amendment that proposed a complete withdrawal of troops from Vietnam and would have saved thousands of American combat casualties . Here is part of the passionate speech -- bracingly relevant today -- that McGovern delivered on the Senate floor before the vote defeating the amendment : "  Every senator in this chamber is partly responsible for sending 50,000 young Americans to an early grave . This chamber reeks of blood . Every senator here is partly responsible for that human wreckage at Walter Reed and Bethesda Naval and all across our land â $ " young men without legs , or arms , or genitals , or faces or hopes . "  There are not very many of these blasted and broken boys who think this war is a glorious adventure . Do not talk to them about bugging out , or national honor or courage . It does not take any courage at all for a congressman , or a senator , or a president to wrap himself in the flag and say we are staying in Vietnam , because it is not our blood that is being shed . But we are responsible for those young men and their lives and their hopes . And if we do not end this damnable war , those young men will some day curse us for our pitiful willingness to let the executive carry the burden that the Constitution places on us . "  So before we vote , let us ponder the admonition of Edmund Burke , the great parliamentarian of an earlier day : ' A contentious man would be cautious how he dealt in blood . ' " Highlights of George McGovern 's life Today , American businesses are seeking to broaden our commercial relationships with Vietnam , and American military advisers meet with the Vietnamese to suggest strategies that will help that country protect the territory it claims in the South China Sea from possible Chinese aggression . George McGovern never fully recovered from the drubbing he received at the polls in November of 1972 . But the path that he pointed to was ultimately the path the country took , and the movement he founded drew thousands of men and women , who committed their lives to public service and who continue to contribute to their communities and their country 40 years later . George McGovern was never the extremist his opponents tried to characterize him as being . His subsequent electoral success in South Dakota was evidence enough of that fact . But he was a man of great vision and grace . He helped to educate a generation about the failures of a rigid and untextured accounting of our allies and our enemies , and about the importance of making smart choices when dealing with dangerous adversaries . Those are lessons as important today as they were in 1970 . Politicians pay tribute The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Lilly .	Scott Lilly : McGovern presciently rode swirling political , social currents of late '60s , early '70s His views on foreign policy , women 's rights and more drew support of young , Lilly says McGovern lost to Nixon in 1972 , but many of his positions came to pass anyway , Lilly says Lilly : McGovern not the extremist his opponents claimed ; he was a man of strength , grace
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai appeared to endorse talks between the United States and the Taliban that could lead to the opening of a Taliban liaison office in Qatar . Karzai 's announcement Wednesday followed news a day earlier from the Taliban that it tentatively agreed to open an office in Qatar 's capital city of Doha to facilitate talks on the Afghan conflict . It appears to be the first time the Taliban -- who ruled Afghanistan from 1996 until 2001 , when they were ousted in a U.S.-led invasion -- have offered talks without the condition of an American withdrawal from the country . "  Afghanistan , to save the country from war , conspiracies , the killing of innocent Afghans and to reach peace , agrees with the talks between United States of America and Taliban that will end up in establishing an office for Taliban in Qatar , " Karzai said in a palace statement . In the statement , Karzai appeared to broadly endorse peace negotiations for a country that has been embroiled in more than 30 years of war . It was unclear what , if any , outcome there would be in talks between the United States and the Taliban as Karzai , top Afghan peace officials and the Americans have all previously said that talks had to take place between Afghans . "  The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan with an emphasize on its firm position yet again , believes that talks and negotiation are the only way to reach peace and to come out of the atmosphere of war and imposed violence on Afghan nation , " the palace statement said . Recent media reports have said the United States and other foreign governments with a stake in the Afghan war may try to strike a separate deal with the Taliban . The Washington Post reported in December that the Obama administration reached a tentative deal with Taliban negotiators that would have included the transfer of five Afghans from Guantanamo Bay , and the Taliban 's public renunciation of international terrorism . The deal collapsed , the Post said , because of Karzai 's objections . Any talk of a peace process slowed in September , when suicide bombers killed senior Afghan peace negotiator and former President Burhannudin Rabbani . Ismail Qassemyar , a member of Afghanistan 's High Peace Council has called peace talks "  an Afghan process " and warned against the United States or other nations trying to strike their own peace deal with the group . Qassemyar said a Taliban office in Qatar would by no means legitimize the Islamist group . Karzai told CNN in December that the government can not hold talks until the Islamic militia identifies a representative with the authority to negotiate .	Karzai appears to endorse opening of Taliban office in Qatar Karzai says talks are the only way to end violence in Afghanistan Recent reports say the U.S. and others may want to strike a peace deal with the Taliban
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- On his knees in the soggy soil , 9-year-old Alexis Ocampo digs deep into the earth , his small gardening rake separating dirt from rocks . "  Look , I found a worm ! " he shrieks . Towering above is Andrea Girardini , calmly instructing Alexis and the half-dozen other children working to clear spots for new crops . "  We can put a squash plant here , and some lettuce over there , " says Girardini , a director of Semillas al Viento , a community organization that teaches neighborhood kids practical skills that help them put food on the table . "  The children come here and learn how to farm and how to cultivate their very own organic vegetables . Then they bring them home to eat . It 's a wonderful alternative to sitting in front of the computer , " she says . The Semillas al Viento  Seeds to the Wind  farm is located in Isidro Casanova , a poor area in Buenos Aires ' sprawling urban rust belt , where green spaces are few and far between . Five years ago , the football-field sized area was overrun with garbage and frequented by criminals , but following a community effort to reclaim it , it now teems with trees , grass and flowers , as well as eggplants , tomatoes , lemons and herbs . There 's even a small pond where kids and dogs happily splash around . "  I really enjoy being here . It 's like my happiest place to be . The fresh air is great , " says Alexis . The Semillas al Viento farm is a part of Huerta Nino  My Garden  , a nonprofit foundation that works to alleviate malnutrition and starvation in Argentina . Since 1999 , it has helped build more than 50 small farms , many of them in isolated villages in northern Argentina . Despite being one of the world 's largest agricultural-producing countries , Argentina still struggles to feed its people . "  Hunger is one of the gravest problems that Argentina has right now . At least 300,000 Argentine children are suffering from undernourishment , " says Juan Lapetini , executive director of Huerta Nino . Nearly 5,000 Argentine children have been educated about sustainable farming practices through the "  My Garden " program , which has also been endorsed by Argentine celebrity chef Martiniano Molina , and won various awards for its initiatives . Typically , the program is introduced first at rural schools , where the crops that students grow are then taken home to eat . The long-term objective , coordinators say , is to have the children create vegetable gardens at home with their parents . "  Getting parents to change their eating habits , and encouraging them to provide nutritious food to the kids is sometimes the biggest challenge , " says Lapetini . Following Argentina 's economic collapse in 2001 -- when the country defaulted on $ 100 billion in foreign debt -- poverty , crime and unemployment rates soared . The crisis , coupled with Argentina 's lack of philanthropic tradition , led to the creation of HelpArgentina , a U.S. charity that functions as a bridge between international donors and a network of 65 transparent Argentine NGOs , like Huerta Nino . Since 2003 , HelpArgentina has channeled more than $ 3 million in donations to the country , and coordinated the visits of hundreds of foreign volunteers . In January , a group of students from the University of Virginia spent two weeks at the Semillas al Viento farm , working directly with children and instructors to clear additional farming land and build adobe huts and bathrooms . They also left a sizeable donation . "  When you work day-in and day-out with these organizations ... and you know their needs and struggles ... to receive donations from abroad , even if it is a small amount , it literally changes the reality of many of these organizations , " says HelpArgentina 's Jon Teel . "  Witnessing these changes is amazing . And that 's why we do what we do . "	Community efforts have reclaimed lots filled with garbage into urban gardens Children 's hunger and undernourishment are big problems in Argentina Organizations hope that by teaching children about farming , they can have access to nutritious food
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Armed pro-Russian rebels paraded dozens of captured Ukrainian soldiers through the streets of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine on Sunday afternoon , the rebel stronghold 's counterprotest to Ukraine 's Independence Day celebrations in other parts of the divided country . A crowd of more than 1,000 people gathered to jeer and throw bottles at the prisoners , several of whom had bandaged heads and other wounds , calling them "  fascists , " "  Nazis " and "  traitors . " The march started around 2 p.m. and lasted just a few minutes . "  The people came out to see the soldiers who had been shelling them around the clock , thanking the separatists for protecting them , " said freelance journalist Maximilian Clarke , who witnessed the parade near Donetsk 's Lenin Square . The rebels are n't foreigners who have invaded this city , he said . "  The separatists here are locals ; they are known here . " Water trucks followed the captured soldiers and hosed down the streets after the prisoners had passed , Clarke said . The streets cleared quickly after the brief march amid rumors that Ukraine would retaliate for the insult . The rebels intended Sunday 's "  anti-fascist rally " to evoke the 1944 forced march of almost 60,000 captured Nazi prisoners through Moscow , according to a rebel social media account announcing the march . In the capital city of Kiev , Ukraine 's national government put on a display of military might to celebrate its Independence Day , with tanks , missile-launching vehicles , armored personnel carriers and soldier corps filing through the city . Many of them will soon deploy to the country 's eastern conflict to fight the pro-Russian insurgency . Ukraine declared its independence in 1991 from the Russian-dominated Soviet Union as the USSR was dissolving . After bloody street protests led to Kiev distancing itself more starkly from Moscow this year , Russia invaded and annexed the peninsula of Crimea . And the pro-Russian insurgency gained momentum . Poroshenko : More military funding Ukraine is fighting against foreign aggression , President Petro Poroshenko said in a commemoration speech . "  Events of the last months have become -- though undeclared -- real war , " he said . And it is coming from a part of the world Ukraine traditionally would not have expected , he said , referring to Russia . Poroshenko spoke from the Maidan , Kiev 's Independence Square , where protesters once railed against his pro-Russian predecessor , Viktor Yanukovych , whom they drove from office . Sunday 's show of military might , reminiscent of Soviet-era parades , stood in stark contrast to the lack of funding for the country 's military . But Poroshenko vowed in his speech that Kiev will bulk up military funding by around $ 3 billion over the next three years to purchase military aircraft , helicopters and warships . Fragile situation Funding might prove difficult due to Ukraine 's fragile economy , falling salaries and a weak currency . Seven of the country 's richest people have publicly donated to the military , and supporters have contributed millions to crowdfunding campaigns for Ukraine 's Defense Ministry . The United States has pledged nonlethal military support -- equipment like night vision goggles and protective vests . There 's also growing international concern over the apparent massing of Russian troops at the border with Ukraine . There were up to 18,000 such "  combat-ready " troops on Friday , according to U.S. estimates , a significant increase from previous public estimates by the Pentagon . U.N. officials estimate that more than 2,000 people have died and nearly 5,000 have been wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April . Constant shelling The battles in eastern Ukraine took no break for Independence Day . Five soldiers died in fights against rebels on Saturday and Sunday , Kiev 's Defense Council said . The city of Donetsk was hit by shelling overnight , causing 13 fires , according to the city website . Shelling also continued in Luhansk , the city office said . It has been without water and power for 22 days . Convoy back to Russia A day earlier , a convoy of Russian trucks that had crossed that country 's border into eastern Ukraine without Kiev 's authorization returned to Russia , international monitors said Saturday . In total , 227 vehicles were sent into territories held by pro-Russian rebels on Friday , according to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has an observer mission at the checkpoint the convoy went through . By Saturday afternoon , they had all returned to Russia after delivering aid to the city of Luhansk , a stronghold for the pro-Russia rebels that has been caught up in conflict . Russia said the vehicles were on an essential humanitarian mission and that it was satisfied with the deliveries , but international powers condemned it as a violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty . Officials in Kiev referred to it as an invasion . Amid the furor , German Chancellor Angela Merkel met in Kiev on Saturday with Poroshenko . At a joint news conference , Merkel said she could not rule out further sanctions against Russia if no progress is made in resolving the situation in eastern Ukraine . Poroshenko said the Russian convoy had "  violated every international law . " But he also said he was committed to constitutional reforms and decentralization of power aimed at meeting the concerns of the Russian-speaking population in eastern Ukraine . The Ukrainian President is due to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin and EU representatives on Tuesday in Minsk , Belarus . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote and reported from Atlanta . Diana Magnay , Greg Botelho and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : Pro-Russian crowds jeer and throw bottles at captured soldiers Meanwhile in Kiev , traditional Independence Day parade features tanks , rows of soldiers Ukraine 's president vows heavy boost to military spending
CNN  She 's leaving . She 's not leaving . Dame Maggie Smith , whose tart-tongued Lady Violet Crawley has most of the best lines on "  Downton Abbey , " caused a fuss this week when she implied that her beloved character wo n't be around much longer . "  I mean ,  my character  certainly ca n't keep going , " Smith told the Sunday Times . "  To my knowledge , I must be 110 by now . We 're into the late 1920s . " No more Dowager Countess ?!? You could almost hear the genteel wails of protest on both sides of the Atlantic . The speculation about Smith was hurriedly squashed by a "  Downton " publicist , who said Smith , 80 , has agreed to stay with the series "  for as long as the show runs . " But that did n't stop rumors about the demise of "  Downton " itself from continuing to crop up . Smith even hinted during her interview with the Times that the next season of the hit show would be its last . "  They say this is the last one , and I ca n't see how it could go on , " Smith let drop . Creator Julian Fellowes is developing another period drama , "  The Gilded Age , " for NBC and has been noncommittal about how much longer the show might endure beyond season six , which is filming now . "  It wo n't go on forever -- I 'm not a believer in that , " he told The New York Times in a recent interview . "  But I ca n't immediately now tell you where the end will be . " It is hard to imagine "  Downton , " which just wrapped its fifth season on PBS in the United States , without the wit and wisdom of Lady Violet , whose acerbic commentary leaves few around her unscathed . So let 's hope Smith just misspoke . And until season six , which airs this fall in the UK and early next year in the United States , here are some of our favorite Dowager Countess zingers . -- Isobel : "  How you hate to be wrong . " Lady Violet : "  I would n't know , I 'm not familiar with the sensation . " -- Robert : "  They do say there 's a wild man inside all of us . " Lady Violet : "  If only he would stay inside . " -- Isobel : "  I admire it when young people stand up for their principles . " Lady Violet : "  Principles are like prayers ; noble , of course , but awkward at a party . " -- Lady Violet  to Cora  : "  I 'm so looking forward to seeing your mother again . When I 'm with her , I 'm reminded of the virtues of the English . " Matthew : "  But is n't she American ? " Lady Violet : "  Exactly . " -- Isobel : "  I take that as a compliment . " Lady Violet : "  I must have said it wrong . "	Maggie Smith causes fuss by saying next season of "  Downton Abbey " may be her last Such speculation was hurriedly squashed by a "  Downton " publicist Here are some of our favorite dowager countess zingers from the show
CNN  -- Numerous wildfires were roaring Thursday through parts of Oklahoma and Texas , engulfing one town and searing neighborhoods in others , including one in Oklahoma City . Hurricane-force winds continued to kick the flames even higher . Firefighters in Bowie , Texas , try to get a grass fire under control . Bowie is about 70 miles northwest of Fort Worth . The fires had engulfed so many miles of turf , and flying embers had sparked in so many different places , that hours after the first blazes were reported Thursday morning , safety officials still were n't sure how many fires they were facing . In Texas , the 100-person town of Stoneburg was "  burned over , " by a 25,000-acre fire said Texas Forest Service spokeswoman Misty Wilburn . The town , northwest of Dallas near the Oklahoma state line , had been evacuated , she said . Seventy-five to 100 homes had been destroyed in Oklahoma , and 13 people were confirmed injured -- two of them critically , according to emergency officials . Watch homes in Oklahoma burn " Wilburn said Texas authorities were working at least nine major fires Thursday evening , seven in the west of the state and two in the north . "  Everything we have is committed to fires , " she said . "  Everyone is maxed out . " Feeding the flames were strong winds that were gusting as high as 76 mph , the strength of a Category 1 hurricane , and grounding many emergency aircraft that ca n't fly safely in those conditions . On the southwest side of Oklahoma City , fires had engulfed eight homes , and were believed to be destroying many more . In Choctaw , Oklahoma , dozens of homes had been destroyed , and the high school was on the verge of burning , police dispatcher Silva Schneider said just before 8 p.m. Aerial video footage of the central Oklahoma city of about 9,000 people showed row after row of houses in several different neighborhoods engulfed in flames . The Oklahoma towns of Velma , Sparks , Wellston , Healdton and Midwest City , a suburb of Oklahoma City , had all been ordered into mandatory evacuations because of the fires , which officials say are finding plenty of easy fuel because of dry conditions throughout the Southwest . "  It 's a bad day in Oklahoma , " said Albert Ashwood , director of the state 's emergency management department . Grass fires were being reported west of the Dallas-Fort Worth area , with the smell of smoke already wafting through the cities . Ashwood said weather experts fear that heavy winds as night falls could drive the wildfires into more heavily populated areas . A spokesman for the Texas Forest Service said fires in the state were burning in numerous counties in areas near Fort Worth , Wichita Falls and Amarillo . Watch video of wildfires in Bowie , Texas " He said there were so many blazes that firefighters were having to ignore some of them , and that winds were so high that most fire-fighting aircraft were unable to fly . The National Weather Service had categorized much of Texas and Oklahoma an "  extremely critical fire weather area " Thursday because of the dry conditions and winds . Large portions of western and central Texas and western Oklahoma are in a drought , according to the service . A firefighter who was working near Lindsey , Oklahoma , was in critical condition with third-degree burns over 35 percent of his body , according to a hospital spokeswoman . A motorist in Oklahoma also was hospitalized after driving into an area with heavy smoke , authorities said . iReport.com : Are wildfires affecting you ? While the blazes seemed overwhelming in spots , firefighters were making some progress on some fronts . In Breckenridge , Texas , a fire that started in an old landfill and burned several hundred acres had been contained just north of the city limits , according to fire officials . But even as that blaze came under control , the fire department received reports of another fire . Wilburn said that as nightfall approached , Texas had been able to get some firefighting aircraft in the air and that five of the fires were at least partially contained . CNN 's Hank Bishop and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : In Texas , the 100-person town of Stoneburg has been "  burned over " NEW : In Oklahoma ,13 people are confirmed injured , two of them critically Whole neighborhoods of Oklahoma City have been seared Texas , Oklahoma officials say fires multiplying so fast they 've lost count
CNN  -- Australian golfer Adam Scott took the first-round lead at the British Open after carding a spectacular six-under-par 64 on Thursday , narrowly missing out on making history . The world No. 13 looked set to card the first 62 in a major championship after eight birdies in his first 17 holes but a bogey at the last meant he had to settle for the lowest opening round in an Open championship at Royal Lytham & St. Annes and matching the overall course record . The 31-year-old finished the day one shot ahead of Scotland 's 1999 British Open champion Paul Lawrie , in-form 2007 Masters winner Zach Johnson -- who won on his last PGA Tour start to earn a place in the field -- and Belgium 's Nicholas Colsaerts . Why U.S. golf has a healthy future Three time British Open champion Tiger Woods finished three shots behind Scott , tied for fifth , after a mixed opening round in his bid to win his first major since 2008 . The 14-time major winner was joined on three under by 2002 British Open champion Ernie Els , former U.S. Open winners Rory McIlroy and Graeme McDowell plus reigning Masters champion Bubba Watson . British Open leaderboard The buildup to the tournament was dominated by talk of the playing conditions , as Woods described the course as "  almost unplayable " after his first practice round due to its thick rough . However , after several days of strong wind and heavy rain , benign conditions allowed the players to attack the English links course . "  It was like a walk in the park today , and not like what we 've been experiencing in the practice rounds , " Scott told the official website . "  I 'm sure there 's going to be some weather elements thrown at us the next three days so I 'm just going to have to knuckle down and handle that . " "  But I 'm confident . My ball striking is good and I think I can get round no matter what the conditions are . " Woods was leading the field before Scott began his impressive run , as the American reached four under after seven holes -- but he missed several birdie putts and dropped a shot on the 15th . "  It was a good start , " Woods said . "  I hit the ball well all day but just lacked a bit of pace on the greens coming home . Every putt was right on line , they were dying off the front of the lip . "  I played practice rounds on Sunday , Monday , Tuesday and they were completely different clubs based on the winds . "  I was shaping the golf ball both ways . Sometimes I rode the wind ; sometimes I held it against it . " British hope McIlroy also endured a mixed opening round . The Northern Irishman was going well on three under when he suffered a double bogey on 15 . His tee shot struck a spectator and rolled out of bounds , forcing him to return to the tee . The former world number one picked up two birdies from the remaining three holes to pull himself level with tournament favorite Woods . "  It was an eventful last four holes . Everything was going along pretty nicely , " the 2011 U.S. Open winner said . "  I hit it slightly right and got an unfortunate break . I thought I did well to keep my composure after that . "  I did n't realize there was an out of bounds over there . It went 20 yards off his head . He could have headed it the other way ! "  The most important thing was that he was okay and the birdie at 18 will make dinner taste very nice . " World number one Luke Donald ended the day on level par after a subdued round . A birdie at the par-four third proved the highlight , while the Englishman dropped a shot on the final hole to be tied for 33rd . Defending champion Darren Clarke had a miserable opening round , finishing on six over par . Clarke has been out of form since his victory and , bar a birdie at the 10th , the veteran Northern Irisdman showed no sign of last year 's winning form . "  I played poorly and I putted worse . It was very disappointing because at practice I hit really , really well , " Clarke said . "  Basically , I 'm disgusted with myself . " World No. 3 Lee Westwood , still seeking his first major win , failed to live up to pre-tournament hopes as he ended on three over par . A double bogey on the third and five more dropped shots ended the Englishman 's chances of threatening the top of the leaderboard . The forecast is for a mostly clear day on Friday , which should help the leaders continue their impressive start to the championship .	Australia 's Adam Scott equals course record with 64 at Royal Lytham Tiger Woods three shots off the lead , tied for fifth at British Open World No. 2 Rory McIlroy hits fan with a tee-shot but also cards a 67 Defending champion Darren Clarke endures miserable round of 76
