CNN  -- Great Britain & Ireland had to withstand a withering onslaught from Continental Europe before retaining the Vivendi Seve Trophy at St - Nom-La-Breteche in France Sunday . Victory looked a formality as the Continentals trailed by five points overnight heading into the final 10 singles matches , but Jean Van De Velde 's side won the first five singles contests to square the match . It set up a dramatic finale with Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts taking a half off England 's David Horsey , but rookie Scott Jamieson scored a crucial win for Paul McGinley 's men as he beat Pablo Larrazabal . The heavyweight clash between Ian Poulter and young Italian star Matteo Manassero proved even more vital and it was the Englishman who snatched victory on the final green as he again showed his match play abilities with a three birdie run on the back nine . Mark Foster went one up against Raphael Jacquelin on the 17th to guarantee the 14 1/2 points for victory , going on to wrap up the point as the eventual margin was 15 1/2 to 12 1/2 with Ross Fisher and Peter Hanson all square in the last match out on course . "  Lucky I had the team well balanced out , and had not just experience but guys in form balanced throughout the team , so they came through in the end , " McGinley told the official European Tour website . But his team had suffered a massive scare as Thomas Bjorn led from the front for the Continentals by beating Lee Westwood in the top match 2 and 1 . Bjorn 's compatriot Anders Hansen beat Simon Dyson and Francesco Molinari saw off Jamie Donaldson . Alex Noren then beat Robert Rock 4 and 3 and British Open Champion Darren Clarke lost 4 and 2 to former Ryder Cup partner Miguel Angel JimÃ © nez to leave the contest tied at 11 1/2 -11 1/2 . But up stepped Jamieson and former WGC World Match Play champion Poulter to score their wins . Van De Velde said : "  It was extremely close , even going down the stretch . "  All credit to Poulter for making three birdies in five holes . You 're rarely going to lose a game when that happens , " he added	Great Britain and Ireland retain Vivendi Seve Trophy in France Continenental Europe side fight back in fina day singles Jean Van De Velde 's team win first five matches to draw level Ian Poulter sees off Matteo Manassero to claim crucial victory for his team
CNN  -- In "  Happily Divorced " Fran Drescher plays Fran , a Los Angeles florist who is learning to navigate the dating scene after her husband  named Peter  announces he is gay after nearly 20 years of marriage . In real life , Fran was married to her high school sweetheart , Peter Jacobson , for just over two decades and after they split he told her he was gay . The show starts its second season Wednesday on TV Land and CNN caught up with the Flushing , Queens , native while she was in New York busily promoting the show . The 54-year-old actress may have a strong New Yawk accent and an , um , unique bray , but in reality she is n't anything like the TV Fran . In person she is thoughtful and articulate , a New York Times best-selling author and the visionary behind the Cancer Schmancer Movement . She also has been instrumental in getting laws passed regarding women 's health . Drescher talked to CNN about moving on after her divorce , her dating status and how much some folks are willing to pay for her laugh . CNN : So , new season of "  Happily Divorced . "  a Fran Drescher : We 're going to go deeper into Fran being a single , middle-aged woman and what that 's about , how difficult it may be , trying to make peace with the chapters in her life she may have missed and we 'll meet Peter 's brother and we 're going to expose a part of my body in the premiere episode which has never been seen before . CNN : Which is ... ? Drescher : Well , should I tell you ?  Laughs  It 's a little risquÃ © . CNN : Are you using real life experiences for the second season ? Drescher : Always , I 'm the one that kind of runs the story writing room and the scripts all have origins in real emotions or actual experiences and then we kind of build a sitcom story around it . So yes everything is formed by a base of truthfulness . CNN : You were with your ex for a long time . Drescher : We met when we were 15 , we married when we were 21 and divorced when we were around 41 , so yes we were together for a long time . CNN : Peter came out to you after you had divorced . Drescher : Yes and he did n't want the divorce . He was very opposed to it and was very mad at me but when he was told I had been diagnosed with cancer , one of the silver linings was that he let go of his anger and we started to rebuild our friendship . CNN : Did you have any idea he was gay during the marriage ? Drescher : He was going to therapy and told me he had discovered he was bisexual but had never acted on it . He told me he wanted to be with me , he loved our life and he loved me . I just kept on going forward with him but it was a couple of years after that  confession  I began to feel suffocated in the relationship and I felt like I could n't find who I was or what I really wanted with him . I needed to be on my own to hear myself think . CNN : So he was very controlling . Drescher : Yes , and in hindsight I think that he realized that was a manifestation of him suppressing his true orientation . CNN : How is your relationship now ? Drescher : We 're the best of friends . We 're in a wonderful place . We 're business partners , we 're very close friends and you know we believe we 're soul mates . Let 's hope that you get more than one soul mate in life . CNN : Are you dating anyone now ? Drescher : I 'm not currently . It 's been a couple of months since I broke up with somebody after 3Â 1/2 years together and now I 'm back in the meat market . I do n't date while I 'm working on the show because it keeps me awfully busy , but I do rely on setups and blind dates as a means for meeting people . I certainly ca n't go on Internet dating sites , so it makes it a little more difficult , coupled with the fact that I 'm a celebrity . I wield power and have money , so my success can be threatening to a lot of men . CNN : That must be hard . Drescher : It is a handicap . I have learned the hard way that I need to now date really exclusively men that are more successful than myself . CNN : That 's a small market . Drescher : I guess it helps narrow the pool . I do n't do married men , I do n't do gay men and I need a man who 's successful in his own right . CNN : You also have a children 's book called "  Being Wendy . " Drescher : It 's about a little girl who lives in a very provincial town called Boxville and everybody in Boxville thinks inside of the box and she just ca n't do it . Her interests are too diverse . At first she 's ostracized for being that but in the end her parents realize her specialness is unique and should be celebrated . CNN : Is that how you felt as a kid ? Drescher : I think so . I was an over-achiever and ambitious and had big dreams and I grew up in a place where mostly everybody was really not thinking beyond the town we grew up in . I wanted to travel the world and be a journalist and actress and writer and politician and kinds of things . CNN : Your laugh is really one of a kind . Drescher : I know ! Sometimes we sell my voice at charity auctions to be somebody 's answering message . I think the highest bid was around 15 or 20 thousand dollars . CNN : Is n't that amazing ? Drescher : I was told a lot when I was pursuing acting in high school that I could n't make it with that voice and the first time I met Peter , I said , ` Hiii , ' and he thought I was joking but in the end we figured out a way to monetize it and poke fun at it first so other people would feel comfortable laughing along with me .	"  Happily Divorced " starts its second season Wednesday at 10:30 p.m. ET on TV Land Fran Drescher : We 're going to go deeper into Fran being a single , middle-aged woman Drescher : I do n't date while I 'm working on the show because it keeps me awfully busy
Pasadena , Maryland  CNN  -- Children point at the glass as a long train rounds the bend and Thomas the Tank Engine passes overhead . Outside , a flashing red signal tells neighbors it 's time to hop aboard . Welcome to John and June Sturgeon 's indoor train garden , a collection of model trains the couple have been sharing with friends and neighbors every holiday season for nearly 15 years . "  We love it , that 's why we do it , " says June Sturgeon . The collection began with a train John 's father gave him as an infant 62 years ago . John still has the train , and many more . The garden has grown to include 11 intertwined train sets , divided into summer and winter scenes . Once the collection outgrew their house , the Sturgeons built a detached building the size of a two-car garage specifically to hold the display year round . "  I venture to say , each year I put at least a hundred hours in here , " John says . "  That 's before Christmas and setting everything up and changing this around ... and fine-tuning , fixing anything that 's broke . " Last year , more than 1,200 people followed the lit path to the backyard garage , including regulars like Jason Gauchier and his two children , who come at least once a week when the display is open . "  They 've been looking forward to it for about three months now , " says Gauchier , who brought his children on opening night as he has for five years . "  And then ... when it closes -LSB- they 're -RSB- looking forward to it next year . " Besides the regulars , there are first-time guests like Sara Dolan , who came with her granddaughter . "  It 's absolutely wonderful , " Dolan said , "  all of the extra things that they 've added , it 's just fabulous . " The collection can be overwhelming at first , with all of the sounds and flashing lights that fill the building . The miniature villages and communities are filled with happy people , living a peaceful life in a different time . With all the wires out of sight , it looks like magic . The Sturgeons have worked consistently to make additions to the train garden . "  Basically it is an all year thing , but the final push is from September 'til now " June said . Adds John , "  It usually takes us a month or so to get the backyard here all decorated . ... It 's quite a bit of work . " There 's a separate garage for repairs . "  There 's a train we added this year that has 30 cars on it . Well , it 's 29 cars plus the engine makes it 30 , " John says . "  I 've tested it a little bit -- I 'm hoping we do n't have any problems with that , cause that 's a pretty long train . So it runs the whole length of a board , approximately 30 feet . " This year John , a retired police officer , also added a scene with a doughnut delivery truck being robbed as a police cruiser comes to the rescue . The regular guests enjoy seeing the new details , but they also come to see Santa Claus . "  Santa Claus is here every night , every night until Christmas , and most of -LSB- the children -RSB- bring me their wish list , " John says behind the white beard and red suit . The Sturgeons open their collection for 20 nights each year leading up to Christmas . The evening routine begins with setting up the outside lights and inflatable decorations . Visitors know they 've reached the right place when they see the brightest house on the street , complete with holiday music . The front window of the house has a replica of the leg-shaped lamp from the classic holiday movie "  A Christmas Story " . "  It does my heart good to see the little sparkle in their eyes when they come around and see Santa or see the trains , and it lights my heart up . "	Maryland couple open their indoor train garden to the public each holiday season Model train collection started with a train given to John Sturgeon as an infant The collection has grown to 11 intertwined train sets divided into summer and winter scenes The Sturgeons built a detached garage for the display , which drew 1,200 visitors last year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama 's accusations that Iran 's nuclear program runs afoul of international agreements are "  baseless , " the Islamic republic 's president told CNN 's Larry King on Friday . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says President Obama 's accusations are "  baseless . " "  We did not expect Mr. Obama within less than 48 hours , to basically violate the commitment that he spoke of at the United Nations , " said President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The Iranian leader was referring to Obama 's Wednesday speech to the U.N. General Assembly , where Obama called for international unity in attacking the world 's challenges . Asked if he was expressing disappointment in the U.S. president , Ahmadinejad responded , "  We simply did n't expect him to say something that was ... was baseless . " Earlier Friday evening Obama said "  Iran is on notice " regarding its nuclear efforts , and that the international community is united in its opposition to Tehran 's nuclear program . "  They are going to have to make a choice : Are they willing to go down the path to greater prosperity and security for Iran , giving up the acquisition of nuclear weapons ... or will they continue down a path that is going to lead to confrontation , " he said at a news conference at the G-20 meeting in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Obama 's comments came hours after Iran acknowledged the existence of a second uranium enrichment facility and ahead of next week 's planned meeting between Iran and the five permanent United Nations Security Council members , plus Germany . The October 1 meeting will take place in Geneva , Switzerland . Obama said he would not speculate on any course of action absent a satisfactory response from Iran . "  Even countries who a year ago or six months ago might have been reluctant to even discuss things like sanctions , " are starting to become concerned , Obama said . Obama said his "  preferred course of action is to resolve this in a diplomatic fashion . It 's up to the Iranians to respond . " The U.S. president said the conclusions about Iran 's nuclear ambitions came as a result of the work of three intelligence agencies -- those of Britain , France and the United States . The work , Obama said , was done "  to make sure that we were absolutely confident about the situation there . " The United States has known about the unfinished site since the Bush administration , according to senior U.S. officials who declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the negotiations . French intelligence officials were also aware of the facility for several months at least , a U.S. diplomatic source said . It was n't until Monday that Iran wrote a letter to the International Atomic Energy Agency , revealing the existence of the underground facility on a military base near the Shia Muslim holy city of Qom . The facility is thought to be capable of housing 3,000 centrifuges , which is not enough to produce nuclear fuel to power a reactor but is sufficient to manufacture bomb-making material , according to a U.S. diplomatic source who read the letter . Iran told the IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , an agency spokesman said . Once Iran alerted the IAEA , Obama began sharing U.S. intelligence on the nuclear site with allies , particularly with Russia and China in an effort to get those countries on board with new sanctions against Iran , the officials said . The International Atomic Energy Agency confirmed Friday that Iran admitted the existence of the "  new pilot fuel enrichment plant , " prompting Obama , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and French President Nicolas Sarkozy to respond at the G-20 economic summit . "  Iran 's decision to build yet another nuclear facility without notifying the IAEA represents a direct challenge to the basic compact at the center of the nonproliferation regime , " Obama said , with Brown and Sarkozy standing at his side . Watch world leaders react to Iran " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad did not mention the Qom plant during his visit to New York this week for the U.N. General Assembly sessions . He reiterated earlier claims that Iran has fully cooperated with nuclear inspectors . He emphasized this again Friday afternoon at a news conference , where he said Iran complied with IAEA regulations requiring it be informed at least six months before an enrichment facility becomes operational . "  We still have a year left before that six months kicks in , " Ahmadinejad said . "  I thought we were supposed to be encouraged for taking this action , " he said . Watch Ahmadinejad hit back at Obama " Iran 's revelation of a new nuclear site could actually "  strengthen their hand " as Tehran heads into next week 's talks , according to Paul Ingram , an analyst who studies Iran and nuclear nonproliferation . "  It will be seen as an indication that they are willing to play by the rules , " said Ingram , the executive director of the British American Security Information Council in London , England . He said the timing of Iran 's revelation , between the U.N. General Assembly sessions and the October 1 meeting , is deliberate on Iran 's part . "  This will make it more difficult to persuade them to abandon enrichment , " Ingram said . Iran claims its nuclear enrichment program is intended for peaceful purposes , but the international community accuses it of continuing to try to develop nuclear weapons capability . iReport.com : Dissidents discuss Iran enrichment plants Iran had acknowledged only a uranium enrichment plant in Natanz , which nuclear inspectors visited recently . Iran also has an unfinished nuclear research reactor in Arak , and U.N. nuclear inspectors were allowed access to that facility this month . Other important nuclear sites in Iran include its Bushehr nuclear power plant and the Isfahan uranium conversion plant . Map : Iran 's nuclear sites " Washington became aware of the covert facility near Qom several years ago , but a clearer picture about the facility emerged later , a U.S. counter-proliferation official said . The enrichment facility would probably not be operational for another year , the official said . The official said the newly unveiled facility "  does n't really change the baseline " conclusion of the 2007 National Intelligence Estimate , which concluded that Iran could manufacture a nuclear weapons between 2010 and 2015 . The official added that there are suspicions about other possible hidden or undeclared nuclear-related facilities . CNN 's Ed Henry , Dan Lothian , Pam Benson , Matthew Chance and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : Ahmadinejad says he did n't expect Obama to make such "  baseless " remarks Iranian president says nation has complied with IAEA regulations Iran tells IAEA it has a second nuclear enrichment plant Iran told IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , IAEA spokesman said
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney will be sidelined for up to three weeks , missing crucial games for club side Manchester United and England . United manager Alex Ferguson confirmed Tuesday night that the striker 's ankle problem had flared up again . He was substituted in the 2-2 Premier League draw at Bolton on Sunday and did not travel with the United squad for their tough Champions League tie in Valencia on Wednesday night . The injury update from Ferguson means Rooney will miss the Premier League game at Sunderland on Saturday and also England 's Euro 2012 qualifier against Montenegro on October 12 . Ferguson also revealed that veteran midfielder Paul Scholes will be out for 10 days with a calf problem . "  It will be two to three weeks , " said Ferguson . "  But it depends because Wayne has done quite well with his recovery from injury in the past . " How we asked Alex Ferguson your questions Rooney , who has found himself the subject of newspaper revelations about his private life , has struggled for form since the World Cup . He was even left out of the side when United faced former club Everton recently . His manager believes this can be attributed to Rooney 's personal problems . "  The boy is starting to realize probably , finally , without any question , what kind of focus is on him as a human being , " Ferguson told Italian newspaper Gazetta dello Sport recently . "  For a young person , that is not what you want . You want to play and enjoy your football without that attention . That can be quite exhausting . " Ryan Giggs is also missing the trip to the Mestalla Stadium , with the Welshman suffering from a hamstring injury . Despite the absence of three key players , the Old Trafford side will be keen to put the disappointment of their goalless draw with Scottish Champions Rangers in the opening match behind them . Currently top of La Liga , Valencia also head Group C of the European competition after beating Turkish side Bursaspor 4-0 in their opening game .	Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney ruled out for three weeks Rooney has recurrence of ankle injury which troubled him last season He misses tough trip to Valencia in Champions League this week Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs also face spell on sidelines
President Barack Obama called Sunday for a "  thorough " and "  rigorous " investigation into allegations involving prostitutes and Secret Service agents in Colombia . Some 11 Secret Service agents and officers are being investigated over preliminary findings that they allegedly brought back several prostitutes to a hotel in Cartagena , U.S. government sources familiar with the investigation have told CNN . "  What happened here in Colombia is being investigated by the director of the Secret Service , " said Obama , who spoke in Cartagena , where he was in town for the Summit of the Americas event . U.S. Secret Service agents sent home from Colombia "  I expect that investigation to be thorough and I expect it to be rigorous . If it turns out that some of the allegations that have been made in the press are confirmed , then of course I 'll be angry , " he said . The alleged misconduct occurred before Obama arrived in Cartagena . The Secret Service personnel have since been sent back to the United States and put on administrative leave , the agency said . The U.S. military said that five U.S. troops who were working with the Secret Service are also under investigation for missing curfew and alleged "  misconduct " at the same Colombian hotel . "  We 're representing the people of the United States and when we travel to another county I expect us to observe the highest standards , " said Obama . "  Obviously what 's been reported does n't match up with those standards . " Leaders debate Cuba , drug war at summit Still , he cautioned : "  I 'll wait until the full investigation is completed until I pass final judgment . " None of the agents or officers being investigated was part of the president 's personal protective detail and Obama was not based at the Hotel Caribe , where the alleged misconduct occurred . But dignitaries and journalists reporting on the hemispheric meeting were staying there , a U.S. government official said . Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , was briefed on the matter and told CNN on Saturday that the government personnel brought prostitutes back to their rooms Wednesday night and "  one of the women did not leave the room in the morning . " A hotel manager tried to get in the room , and eventually the woman emerged and said "  they owed her money , " according to King . Similarly , U.S. government sources said there was a dispute between at least one Secret Service member and a woman brought back to his hotel over a request to be paid . At least one of the women brought to the hotel talked with police , and complaints were filed with the U.S. Embassy , the sources said . "  The Secret Service saw that report , and they immediately began an investigation , " King said . Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovon said that the agents were relieved of duty Thursday -- prior to the president 's arrival in Colombia -- and replaced after "  allegations of misconduct . " The agency 's assistant director , Paul Morrissey , noted his agency 's "  zero tolerance policy on personal misconduct . " "  This incident is not reflective of the behavior of our personnel as they travel every day throughout the country and the world performing their duties in a dedicated , professional manner , " Morrissey said Saturday . "  We regret any distraction from the Summit of the Americas this situation has caused . " The U.S. military is conducting its own investigation and will mete out "  punishment , if appropriate ... in accordance with established policies and the Uniform Code of Military Justice , " U.S. Southern Command said in a statement Saturday . Ronald Kessler , a former Washington Post reporter who has written a book about the Secret Service , called the incident "  clearly the biggest scandal in Secret Service history . " The Washington Post , which was the first to report the story , said it was alerted to the investigation by Kessler . Jon Adler -- president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , which represents Secret Service agents and other federal law enforcement officers -- urged caution in jumping to conclusions , characterizing the incident as "  isolated " and not necessarily a scandal . "  That 's just sort of an overdramatic interpretation of an isolated incident , " he said . "  We have to trust the process of the internal review . " While soliciting prostitution is legal in certain areas of Colombia , it is considered a breach of the agency 's conduct code , the government sources said . High-level officials in the Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security were outraged over the incident , the sources said , noting that the investigation indicated the prostitutes were brought back to a hotel that had been secured for the summit .	Obama : "  I 'll wait until the full investigation is completed until I pass final judgment " 11 Secret Service members were interviewed and put on leave , the agency says The incident occurred shortly before Obama arrived for the Summit of the Americas
Women coaches in men 's sport are suddenly all the rage . Fresh from Helena Costa becoming France 's first ever professional female football coach for a male team , reigning Wimbledon champion Andy Murray has announced double grand slam winner Amelie Mauresmo as his new coach . The world no. 5 has been searching for a new coach since splitting with Czech great Ivan Lendl in March and the Scot announced the new appointment following a French Open semifinal defeat to Rafael Nadal . It is only the second time a player inside the top 10 of the men 's rankings has appointed a female coach , with Mauresmo following in the footsteps of Tatiana Naumko -- who worked with Russian former world no. 9 Andrei Chesnokov . "  I spoke to Amelie a couple of times on the phone , I met her in Paris in person , " the Briton told CNN at Queen 's Club , where he will defend his title at the Wimbledon warm-up event this week . "  I just had a good feeling about it . She was extremely calm , spoke very well , listened very well . I think communication is really important in individual sport and I 'm looking forward to it . " Mauresmo is n't the first woman to potentially have a significant influence on his career . Murray 's mother Judy , who is captain of the British women 's Fed Cup team , played a major role in her son 's rise to the top and was in his team for a number of years . "  I 'm really excited to be able to work with Andy , " Mauresmo said from Roland Garros , where she was working as a commentator for Eurosport . "  He 's an amazingly talented tennis player and I feel I have plenty to offer both him and the team around him . " Murray and Mauresmo have initially agreed to a short-term arrangement , with the latter , like Judy , committed to the French Fed Cup team . The duo have just two weeks to prepare for Murray 's title defense at the All England Club at Wimbledon . After hiring eight-time grand slam winner Lendl in December 2011 , Murray 's career really took off . He won Olympic gold at London 2012 before clinching his first major at the U.S. Open later that year . In 2013 the Scot ended a 77-year wait for a British champion at the grass-court grand slam with a straight sets defeat of Novak Djokovic . Since that historic win , Murray has struggled with a back injury and he underwent surgery to correct the problem last September . Murray has been playing his way back into form and fitness and reached the last four at Roland Garros , before a resounding defeat to eventual champion Nadal . The 27-year-old will be hoping Mauresmo can help him return to grand slam-winning ways .	Andy Murray hires Amelie Mauresmo as his new coach Mauresmo becomes only the second woman to coach a men 's top 10 player The Frenchwoman won two grand slam titles during her playing career Murray has been looking for a coach since splitting with Ivan Lendl in March
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel early Sunday released the names of the first group of Palestinian prisoners to be freed in exchange for captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , setting in motion a process that will allow the public to file objections to specific releases . The list features 477 names , including those of Ahlam Tamimi , serving life terms for being an accomplice in a suicide bombing at a Jerusalem restaurant , and Amneh Muna , who plotted the killing of a 16-year-old Israeli boy in 2001 and received a life sentence . Israel approved the deal Tuesday night , agreeing to release in two stages 1,027 Palestinians prisoners , including hundreds serving life sentences for attacks on Israelis . The first swap is expected to take place early this week . Twenty-seven of the prisoners are women . The second stage , which includes 550 prisoners , will occur later this year . A spokesperson for Israeli President Shimon Peres said Saturday that the pardoning process formally commenced after a Justice Ministry official submitted the requisite paperwork . Peres will allocate 48 hours to complete the procedure in order to allow public objections and petitions against the pardons . Read the list  PDF The president is expected to voice his discomfort with the release of convicted murderers , but is unlikely to reject any of the pardon requests , spokeswoman Ayelet Frish told CNN . Any changes to the list negotiated with Hamas could potentially endanger the entire deal , she said . The most notable name not in the list is jailed Palestinian lawmaker Marwan Barghouti , who is serving five life sentences . He was convicted in an Israeli court on murder and other charges related to his role in planning attacks on Israelis during the second Intifada . Shalit has been a recurring topic in the country 's national dialogue . Militants captured him in June 2006 after tunneling into the Jewish state and attacking an Israeli army outpost . Israel immediately launched a military incursion into Gaza to rescue Shalit , then 19 , but failed to free him . Since then , he has been held incommunicado by Hamas , which controls Gaza . Shalit 's family has continuously petitioned Israeli government officials to broker a deal that would secure his release . "  Everyone wants to see Gilad Shalit safe and well and back home but I think there is a real failure to understand the price that is being paid , and the price is phenomenal , " said Arnold Roth , who lost his daughter Malki in the Jerusalem suicide bombing in 2001 . "  We are releasing people who have dedicated their lives to killing Jews and Israelis . " Roth opposes the announced release of Tamimi , who was sentenced to multiple life sentences for her involvement in the August 2001 bombing of a Sbarro pizza restaurant in 2001 , in which 16 people were killed . Israeli radio reported Saturday that 182 files for pardons were submitted to the president for prisoners convicted in Israeli criminal courts . Remaining pardon requests will be handled by the Israeli Defense Forces officials . On Friday , the terror victims association Almagor petitioned the Supreme Court to suspend the release until the deal is thoroughly examined . More petitions against the deal are expected to be submitted Sunday by families of victims directly affected by the prisoners on the list . The Ministry of Justice announced it will operate an information center "  where information regarding prisoners on the list can be obtained . " Of the male prisoners on the list , 275 will return to their homes in Gaza . Most of the rest will be sent to the West Bank or East Jerusalem . Five prisoners who are Israeli citizens can return to their homes , and 39 are to be sent abroad .	NEW : Israeli releases list of first group of prisoners proposed for exchange NEW : Those on list "  have dedicated their lives to killing Jews , " father of bombing victim says The swap is expected to take place early this week The deal includes an Israeli soldier held since 2006 and more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Thousands of visitors lined Constitution Avenue in Washington on Saturday morning for the annual National Cherry Blossom Festival Parade . The annual two-week National Cherry Blossom Festival runs through April 12 . "  Jeopardy! " host Alex Trebek served as the parade 's grand marshal , waving to crowds from the back of a convertible . "  American Idol " finalist Kimberly Locke , the cast of the musical "  Chicago " and D.C. Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton were among the parade 's stars . The cherry blossom trees were a gift of friendship to the U.S. government from Japan in 1912 , according to the National Park Service . Their blooming has come to represent the definitive beginning of springtime in the nation 's capital . The parade is part of the annual two-week National Cherry Blossom Festival , which is timed around the projected peak bloom period of the famous trees . This year , the trees reached their peak bloom this week , according to the park service . Many high school groups and marching bands also participated in the parade . Near the National Mall , large crowds mingled under the branches of the blossoming trees that line the Tidal Basin . On an unusually blustery day , the delicate pink and white blossoms blew from their branches like snowflakes . "  It 's like being in a fairy tale , " said Maria Podonyi , a visiting professor from Hungary . Podonyi brought her parents , who are visiting the United States from Hungary , to the festival . "  They have n't seen anything like this before , " she said . "  It 's wonderful . The festival is scheduled to run through April 12 .	"  Jeopardy! " host Alex Trebek serves as parade 's grand marshal Cherry blossom trees were a gift to U.S. government from Japan in 1912 National Cherry Blossom Festival marks the arrival of spring
St. Louis police shot and killed a young African-American man Tuesday after authorities say he brandished a knife . The shooting took place not far from Ferguson , Missouri , where the shooting death of black teenager Michael Brown by a white police officer has touched off violent protests . "  The suspect , who right now is described as a 23-year-old African-American , was acting erratically -- walking back and forth up and down the street , " St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson told reporters . "  As officers arrived , the suspect turned towards the officers and started to walk towards them clutching his waistband . He then pulled out a knife ... and told the officers , ` Shoot me now . Kill me now , ' " the chief said . Responding officers told the man , repeatedly , to stop and drop his knife , Dotson said . He continued to approach , coming within about four feet of one of the officers , Dotson said , adding that both officers then fired their weapons , striking the suspect . According to the St. Louis police chief , the suspect was involved in an incident earlier in the day at a convenience store , where he is accused of walking out with two energy drinks and a package of pastries without paying . Asked about whether he was concerned Tuesday 's shooting could inflame passions further in nearby Ferguson , Dotson talked about the importance of officer safety . "  If you 're the family of a police officer and somebody approaches you within three feet with a knife , I think you have the right to defend yourself and protect yourself . So I think it certainly is reasonable that an officer has an expectation to go home at the end of the night , " he said .	Authorities say the young African-American man brandished a knife He allegedly told responding officers : "  Shoot me now . Kill me now " The shooting took place not far from Ferguson , Missouri
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Television producer Stephen J. Cannell , known for his work on shows including "  21 Jump Street " and "  The A-Team , " died Thursday , his publicist said . Cannell was 69 . Cannell died from complications associated with melanoma at his Pasadena , California , home surrounded by family and loved ones , said a family statement . He created , wrote and produced several iconic TV series , starting in the 1970s with "  The Rockford Files . " His other hit series included : "  Greatest American Hero , " "  The A-Team , " "  Hunter , " "  Riptide , " "  Hardcastle & McCormick , " "  21 Jump Street , " "  Wiseguy , " "  The Commish , " "  Profit , " and syndicated shows "  Renegade " and "  Silk Stalkings . " Viewers may best remember the trademark closing for Cannell 's productions , which showed him at a typewriter tossing a sheet of paper over his shoulder . He also acted , sometimes appearing in his own shows . Cannell had a recurring role on ABC-TV 's hit series "  Castle . " Cannell authored 16 novels , including the "  Shane Scully " series . He is survived by his wife of 46 years , Marcia , three children and three grandchildren , the family said . Cannell overcame severe dyslexia as a child growing up in Pasadena , and later became a spokesman for the International Dyslexia Associationand an advocate for children and adults with learning disabilities . He formed an independent production company , Stephen J. Cannell Productions , in 1979 , which gave him control and ownership of his shows . His studio is developing feature film versions of several of his hit TV shows , including "  21 Jump Street " and "  The Greatest American Hero . " "  The A-Team " movie was released in theaters last summer . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	His family says Cannell died from complications associated with Melanoma Cannell 's long list of iconic TV shows dates back to the 1970s Shows include "  The Rockford Files , " "  The A-Team , " "  21 Jump Street "
CNN  -- The Higher Security Council , in charge of "  organizing and securing Tripoli , " announced Thursday that courts in the city will start operating next week . "  People must realize that the country 's system has been destroyed and is being rebuilt now , " said Lt. Colonel Mustapha Nooh , head of the council . He said detained prisoners will be directed toward the general prosecutor for "  clearer " due process . The change was announced the same day a report from Amnesty International detailed claims of abuse against prisoners by anti-Gadhafi forces . For example , last August , fighters in a house in Abu Salim tied the hands of two brothers from the southern city of Sabha and beat them while taking them into custody , according to the report . "  They beat us several times using their rifles , " the elder brother told the human rights group . "  They also whipped us . When they transferred us to Mitiga  the airport detention facility  , they forced us to walk on our knees to the vehicles while they insulted and beat us . They accused us of being mercenaries . " The report says that militia members detained as many as 2,500 suspected Gadhafi loyalists in the Tripoli area and that , in nearly every case , people were arrested without warrants and far from the oversight of the Ministry of Justice . Diana Eltahawy , Amnesty 's North Africa researcher , told CNN on Thursday that the arrests were more like abductions -- people taken from their homes by unidentified captors carrying out raids on suspected Gadhafi loyalists . "  We spoke to several guards , " said Eltahawy , who added she heard screams from detainees being whipped as she waited in one of the facilities . "  They did n't see a problem to beat detainees to extract information . To them it was normal . " It was the way things had been done for the four decades of Gadhafi 's iron-fisted rule . After visiting 11 facilities and interviewing 300 detainees , some of them women and children , the Amnesty team found that culture very much in place as Tripoli was falling . A 17-year-old boy from Chad , accused of rape and of being a mercenary , told Amnesty that he was taken from his home in August by armed men who held him in a school where they punched him and beat him with sticks , belts , rifles and rubber cables . "  The beatings were so severe that I ended up telling them what they wanted to hear , " he said . "  I told them I raped women and killed Libyans . " In issuing the report , Amnesty International called on Libya 's National Transitional Council to put end such human rights violations . Many of the militias are working outside the law , Eltahawy said . "  What the national council needs to do from the very beginning is to send a strong signal that this behavior will not be tolerated , " she said . Nooh acknowledged incidents of abuse but said they were isolated . He said members of his security staff were present during the Amnesty International interviews and that they have nothing to hide . He denied the scope and gravity of the abuses depicted in the Amnesty International report . "  Yes , there have been infringements related to beating detainees under arrest , but I would not call it torture , " Nooh said . "  These are isolated incidents caused by rebels who were emotional due to the fighting and losing friends or relatives in the war , but it 's no organized beatings or designed to extract confessions . " Human Rights Watch has also documented accounts of detainee abuse that amounts to torture . The global monitor issued a report earlier this month that urged Libya to ensure that the rule of law prevails as it forges ahead in building a new nation . Those interviewed told Human Rights Watch that they were beaten and given electric shocks . Some showed their scars as proof of their claims . One man wept openly in telling his story of abuse . A detainee identified as Ahmed said this : "  They took an electric cable and started hitting me with it . They did n't use electricity , but they said that if I did n't talk , they would . ... They hit me with a butt of the Kalashnikov . They kicked me in the face and in the chest . One scratched me with the knife  bayonet  of the Kalashnikov . " Human Rights Watch said none of the detainees has ever faced a judge . "  After all that Libyans suffered in Moammar Gadhafi 's jails , it 's disheartening that some of the new authorities are subjecting detainees to arbitrary arrest and beatings today , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch . As a state party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the U.N. Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , Libya has an obligation to prevent torture and abuse , Amnesty International said . Libyan authorities , the group said , can not allow such abuses to go on simply because the nation is in a transitional phase . If they do , said the human rights activists , Libya 's new leadership will be no better than the old . Nooh also spoke Thursday against foreign security companies coming into Libya . Noting that "  there is no clear visa system for entry and the borders are not fully organized , " he said that nine foreign security companies , some of them American , have established bases in Libya without permission . "  We have compiled data on them and informed the United Nations , " Nooh said . "  The Libyan people  do  not want foreign security companies . " CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The country 's system has been destroyed , " says the head of Tripoli operations NEW : The announcement comes the same day Amnesty International issues damning report Suspected Moammar Gadhafi loyalists were beaten and abused , the group says Human rights activists say rule of law , absent in Libya under Gadhafi , must be ensured
CNN  -- "  The Dark Knight " opened early Friday to huge crowds and rave reviews . Colorado teen Christina Perez says she painted her face like the Joker as a tribute to Heath Ledger . Much of the praise has gone to Heath Ledger 's dark and disturbing portrayal of the Joker . Ledger died of an accidental drug overdose before the movie was finished . iReporter Chelsea Itson , a 23-year-old student , went to the 12:15 a.m. showing in Perrysburg , Ohio , and could n't sleep afterward . "  It still has me kind of jittery , " she told CNN . Itson saw the first "  Batman " movie , but was n't a big fan of the series , or Heath Ledger , but said her friend wanted to go . iReporter has n't been to sleep since seeing film " "  It was completely different from Jack Nicholson -LSB- as the Joker -RSB- , " she said . After the movie , she said , the audience was silent . "  I 've never left a movie shaking before , " she said . Christina Perez , of Colorado Springs , Colorado , and her friends went to the theater four hours early to make sure they got a good seat . "  There was already a line going along the side of the theater , but we managed to get good seats anyway , " she said . The 17-year-old says she 's more of a Heath Ledger fan than a Batman fan , and she wore Joker make up as a tribute to him . "  I thought he was amazing . I felt really sad that he died while filming this , his role was so amazing , " she said . Jessica Lang , 15 , of Mankato , Minnesota , said she was n't expecting much from the movie and pretty much went only because her brother and some friends wanted to go . "  It was amazing , there were no words for it , it was so good , it was probably the best movie I 've ever seen , " she said . Jenni Smith went to the 3 a.m. showing in Las Vegas , Nevada , even though she had to be at work that day . She and her friends went straight to bed after work Thursday , then got up at 1 a.m. "  I 'm a big comic book fan , and I 've been reading comic books since I was 5 . And I 'm also a big movie fan , and we tend to go to a lot of movie openings . " Her friend Mario Carrillo also dressed up as the Joker , and she made a custom shirt for the event . "  One of the things I just really love is the energy of the crowd on opening day . I find that people are more willing to laugh out loud and cheer . ... It 's worth staying up for , " the 32-year-old publications manager said . Below is a sampling of iReporters ' impressions of "  The Dark Knight . " Some have been edited for length or clarity : sanjeeva7 of Alpharetta , Georgia : Believe the hype . The Dark Knight lived up to the hype , especially Heath Ledger 's role as The Joker . I really felt he was crazy . One of the best villain portrayals of all time and well deserving of an Oscar nomination . Geno Walker of Charlotte , North Carolina : "  Unless you hate yourself , you should go see this movie immediately . Stop reading this right now and go to the nearest movie theater . It does n't even matter if the show has already started . Buy a ticket , walk in halfway through , sit down and wait for the next showing to start . See it soon and see it often . You 'll love yourself more if you do . " mrRG : "  A haunting experiment into the human psyche is the only way I can describe the unequivocal depth that Ledger was able to reach with this portrayal of one the most evil characters ever brought to the screen . It was definitely Bale 's story , but the late Heath Ledger 's movie . sonnyjc9 : Wife and I watched this yesterday 17 July here in Bangkok , Thailand . Heath Ledger is AWESOME as the Joker . 154 minutes of pure entertainment , and you will be giggling to yourself from Heath 's performance . It is sad to think he will never reprise this role , but what a farewell . Must see . Zandz : We went to the premiere of this movie last night and thought the movie was only good . However , Heath Ledger did an excellent job portraying the the Joker . The way Heath Ledger plays the Joker is different than how Jack Nicholson plays the character . Both have their unique styles -- Nicholson 's Joker was more comical , but Ledger 's was more dark  while trying to be funny  . The makeup artists also did a great job on this Joker 's face .	iReporters got up early , stayed up late to see "  The Dark Night " Christina Perez got to the theater four hours early "  Best movie I 've ever seen , " Jessica Lang said Send your review : Share photos and videos
CNN  -- Demonstrators stormed a provincial administration building in eastern Ukraine on Sunday and raised the Russian flag atop it , demanding the release of riot police accused of killing protesters in Kiev , the Ukrainian capital , in February . Police were negotiating with the demonstrators , who have called for supporters to rally around the Regional Security Administration building in Donetsk , about 200 kilometers  120 miles  from the Russian border . Video of the negotiations was being streamed live online by local news outlets . The protest is the latest challenge to Ukraine 's embattled new government , which took power after a revolt that toppled pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych in February . There was no immediate response to the seizure from top officials in Kiev , where the jailed police are accused of killing protesters during the uprising against Yanukovych . The separatists inside the building used a loudspeaker to call for formation of a "  people 's city council " for Donetsk . A similar demonstration took place in Lugansk , according to Ukrainian news agency Ukrinform . Protesters stormed a Security Service office there , demanding the release of a leader . "  The Russians are trying to destabilize the situation in the country , " Ukraine Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said in a post on his Facebook page Sunday . "  Putin and Yanukovich have ordered and paid for another round of separatist disturbances in the East of the country , Lugansk , Donetsk , Kharkov . " The pro-Russian "  paid provocateurs " were trying to "  bring blood and victims , " but Ukrainian police have been ordered to "  take the situation under control without spilling blood , " Avakov said . "  The police will not shoot people due to a bunch of paid provocateurs , " the interior minister said . "  There are people who were deceived and who were paid among the protestors . " The protests led Ukraine 's acting President Oleksandr Turchinov to cancel a trip to Lithuania Sunday , his spokesman said . Turchinov , who also serves as parliament speaker , was scheduled to travel there to meet with speakers from European Union states . Turchinov will instead meet with law enforcement chiefs and take "  personal control " of the response to the protests , the spokesman said . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk announced on live television Sunday evening that he would travel to his country 's eastern regions "  to dismiss their fears . " Yatsenyuk said he would offer to decentralize power and state financial support for local businesses . In mid-March , Ukraine 's new government warned that pro-Russian forces in other regions might attempt to follow the model used to wrest the Crimea region from Ukraine . Yatsenyuk said demonstrations by what he called "  political tourists " with foreign passports were already under way ; Andrii Parubii , the secretary of the Ukrainian parliament 's National Security and Defense Council , said protesters included "  elite special units that are trying to arrive to Ukraine with weapons . " The Donetsk protest comes more than a month after pro-Russian forces seized government headquarters in Ukraine 's semi-autonomous , Russian-majority Crimea region . A new administration was quickly put in place , backed by Russian troops and local militias . A hastily called referendum on independence , condemned as unconstitutional by Ukraine 's government and the West , led to the territory 's swift annexation by Moscow , a process completed by March 20 . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	NEW : Pro-Russian protests also take place in Lugansk Ukrainian Prime Minister Yatsenyuk plans trip to eastern regions "  to dismiss their fears " "  Russians are trying to destabilize the situation in the country , " Ukraine interior minister says Protesters are demanding the release of riot police accused of killing demonstrators in February
Madrid  CNN  -- Thousands of Spaniards protested on Saturday in defiance of a court-approved ban on demonstrations the day before Sunday 's local and municipal elections . The largest crowds , for a seventh straight day , were in Madrid and Barcelona , but there were also protests in Valencia and smaller cities , protest organizers and Spanish news media reported . Overall , reports indicated that tens of thousands took to the streets across the nation , which is struggling with a 21 % unemployment rate , the highest in the euro zone . The ruling Socialist Party 's candidates are widely expected to suffer deep losses to the conservatives , according to recent polls . The Socialist government did not immediately order the police to move in to disband the demonstrations . "  What we are going to do is comply with the law , " Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba told reporters Friday . Yet Rubalcaba , who is also deputy prime minister , added that the police would not be there to create even more problems than already exist in the streets . Spain 's supreme court rejected an appeal late Friday to overturn the electoral board 's order banning demonstrations on Saturday . Authorities insist that the day before elections in Spain should be free of political messages and campaigning , for a so-called day of reflection . "  Please do n't bother us . We are reflecting , " read a large placard held by demonstrators in Madrid 's central Puerta del Sol plaza on Saturday . The protests against Spain 's political and financial establishment started on May 15 . To sustain them , the protesters have erected a sprawling tent city in the plaza , with a kitchen , a painting workshop to churn out protest placards , a communications office to answer media inquiries and even a day care nursery . Young people dominated the protests on Saturday but there were also families with young children strolling through the encampment , senior citizens and many people who have jobs but say they 're concerned about the nation 's future , which has a 42 % jobless rate for people ages 15 to 24 . "  Everybody here is a volunteer and everything started very small but we got organized very fast and it started growing very fast , " said Juan Lopez , a protest spokesman who 's an internet technology manager who is currently unemployed . "  You just can see how well one of our best committees , which is the infrastructure committee , work . They made all this in just four days , " Lopez said , pointing to the bustling encampment . Economist Fernando Fernandez of the IE Business School said , "  The government does not want to have any sort of violence taking place the day prior to the elections . This would have a very large political cost and electoral cost . " Sofia de Roa , a spokeswoman for the protesters , said Friday , "  People want to participate . This is a fiesta of democracy . " The protests gained momentum in the closing days of the campaign and captured considerable news media coverage . All major parties have acknowledged them . Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said in an interview with SER radio on Friday that voters ultimately will decide whether and how much change will be made . On Sunday , voters in Spain 's 8,000 cities and towns will elect mayors , along with 13 out of 17 regional presidents and parliaments . The results are expected to be a bellwether for national elections , which must happen no later than March 2012 . "  It 's just before elections when the Spanish politicians usually hear the voice of the people , " Lopez said . "  Now on Monday , we have to see how this develops and what the answer is . The best-case scenario , which is the one we would like , is that they will come down here as citizens to hear us , and to make a new and better Spain , a new and better democracy with all of us are together . " The protesters indicate they will maintain the demonstrations after the elections on Sunday .	Thousands turn out over 21 % jobless rate Appeals court upheld ban , but police are not deployed Protesters ' tent city in Madrid even has day care
CNN  -- Yemen 's parliament on Saturday began debating proposed amendments to the country 's constitution despite calls from the United States not to proceed with any planned action . According to Yemen 's official news agency , SABA , the parliament agreed in principle to continue discussing the proposed constitutional amendments and then referred the matter to a special committee . The proposed amendments have caused much controversy since they were first proposed by Yemen 's ruling party , the General People 's Congress  GPC  . The measures would increase parliamentary seats for women , reduce presidential terms in office and cancel presidential term limits , which are currently set at two consecutive terms . The United States is concerned about continued instability in the country and wants opposition parties to be on board with the changes so that they will not boycott April 's parliamentary elections . A separatist movement in the country 's south and a delicate cease-fire in the north are still of concern to U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration . After Saturday 's parliamentary procedure , Yemen 's ruling party criticized the U.S. call for a delay on the vote , calling it interference in internal affairs and its sovereignty , SABA reported , attributing it to an unnamed source in the General People 's Congress . The ruling party has been in a dialogue with various political forces , the source told SABA . Opposition party members protested outside the parliament Saturday while discussions were ongoing . Local journalists present in parliament Saturday told CNN that 160 members of parliament agreed to form the subcommittee that will finalize the details of the proposed amendments within 60 days . Many members of the opposition say they feel that long-promised reforms have not been delivered and that not enough time remains for appropriate action to be taken that would guarantee a fair poll . Many in Yemen worry the amendments will decrease the likelihood for reform even more and could allow Saleh to appoint himself president for life . The United States on Friday urgently called on Yemen "  to delay parliamentary action " and asked all parties involved to return to the negotiating table . "  The United States has seen reports regarding the apparent decision by Yemen 's ruling General People 's Conference to vote on a package of constitutional reforms at a parliamentary session on Saturday , January 1 , " acting U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement . "  Previously , we consistently welcomed and supported the commitments of both the government and the opposition to address issues related to constitutional reforms and other election reforms through the National Dialogue . We continue to believe that the interests of the Yemeni people will be best served through that process of negotiations . " Yemen 's president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , has been in office for 32 years and was last re-elected in 2006 . According to Mohammed Albasha , spokesman for the Yemeni embassy in Washington , Saleh started a dialogue on the proposed amendments two years ago , but "  coalition building efforts faced continuous hurdles and obstacles because of divisions amongst the opposition bloc . But there is still a window of opportunity to reach a reconciliation . " Albasha said Yemen 's ruling party has made major concessions to the opposition . "  The president 's call for the formation of a coalition government that will grant the opposition broader political representation before and after the upcoming parliamentary elections was flat out rejected , " he said . While Saleh has formed a panel in recent days to engage in dialogue with the opposition , the political discord has only increased . According to the Yemen Post , as of last Wednesday , the opposition had boycotted parliamentary sittings for a fifth consecutive day . The parliamentary rift is causing concern among Yemen 's allies , who feel additional political tension could further destabilize the country . According to Toner 's statement , the United States welcomes "  reports that President Saleh has decided to appoint a new team from the ruling party to re-engage with the opposition in a new effort to reach a mutually agreeable conclusion . For that reason , we urgently call on all parties to delay parliamentary action and to return to the negotiating table to reach an agreement that will be welcomed by the Yemeni people as well as Yemen 's friends . " Yemen has been locked in a struggle with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , the Yemen-based offshoot of the al Qaeda terror network . It grabbed the attention of the West with the attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines trans-Atlantic flight as it landed in Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day in 2009 . The anti-terror campaign has also come under increased international scrutiny since authorities in late October uncovered a cargo plane bomb plot targeting Western interests . AQAP claimed responsibility for the scheme , which involved shipping explosives disguised as printer toner cartridges on U.S.-bound cargo planes .	The reforms would increase parliamentary seats for women , cancel presidential term limits The U.S. has urged the country 's parliament to delay action on the measures Opposition worries the reforms could allow the president to appoint himself for life
CNN  -- Filipino boxing legend Manny Pacquiao has dropped a shock hint that he might quit the ring -- because his mother does not want him to fight anymore . Pacquiao is widely expected to fight Floyd Mayweather Jr. in a much-hyped showdown later this year , but the 31-year-old claims his place in boxing history is already assured following the successful defense of his WBO welterweight crown against Joshua Clottey last week . "  I reached my dream as a boxer without Floyd Mayweather in my career . I do not need him , they are the ones who need me , " he told reporters as he returned home to his customary hero 's welcome in the Philippines on Monday . The fighter , known as "  Pacman " by his fans , is now concentrating on his political career . He is standing for election in the Sarangani province on May 10 , on the platform of opposition senator Manuel Villar 's Nacionalista Party . Pacquiao 's personal Web site has carried media reports detailing how his mother Dionesia has implored him not to fight anymore , prompted by the ear injury he picked up in his battle against Miguel Cotto last year . "  She kneels down and cries every time -LSB- she asks me to quit -RSB- . That 's a heavy burden when it 's my mother doing that , " he told reporters after meeting Filipino President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in Malacanang on Monday morning . "  I have been boxing since I was 12 years old . Now I 'm 31 , so I 'm seriously thinking about it . I will discuss it with my family . "  I have been in boxing for a long time and I have given so many honors to my country . Even without the elections and the politics , my retirement will largely depend on my family 's decision . " Villa , a millionaire property developer , met Pacquiao at the airport and the boxer was quick to sing his praises . "  What we need now is a man who rose from poverty , who understands the call of the poor like myself , " Pacquiao said . Pacquiao has now won 12 straight fights and titles at seven different weights to establish himself , according to the rankings by respected boxing magazine Ring , as the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world . A money-spinning fight against the undefeated Mayweather fell through earlier this year when the American insisted on Olympic-style drug testing , leading to a war of words and a stalemate in negotiations . Pacquiao opted to fight Ghana 's Clottey , whom he beat in 12 rounds , while Mayweather will take on fellow American Shane Mosley on May 1 . Any likely meeting between the two would probably be the richest in box office history and be staged at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas , although Pacquiao filled the home stadium of the Dallas Cowboys NFL team -- where the Mayweather fight was initially scheduled to be held -- for his bout with Clottey .	Manny Pacquiao announces that he may retire from boxing due to his mother 's concerns Filipino fighting legend says he does not need to fight against Floyd Mayweather The 31-year-old says he has already fulfilled all the boxing dreams he ever had He will now stand for office in local elections on May 10
Rome  CNN  -- About 30 bodies were found in a migrant boat rescued early Monday between Sicily and the North African coast , the Italian navy said . Italian media reported the boat had 600 people onboard . Italy has seen a series of tragedies as migrants in crowded boats cross from North Africa to Europe . In October , Lampedusa made international headlines when more than 300 African migrants died when their ship sank off its shores . As the closest Italian island to Africa , Lampedusa is a frequent destination for refugees seeking to enter European Union countries . Many of the migrants are from African nations while others have fled war-torn Syria . Hundreds more have been rescued from often unseaworthy vessels and taken to the tiny Mediterranean island 's overcrowded detention center .	Italy has seen a series of tragedies as migrants cross from North Africa In October , more than 300 African migrants died in Lampedusa Hundreds more have been rescued from often unseaworthy vessels
CNN  -- Days of escalating government protests failed to halt the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday , which took place even as nearby streets were blocked with burning tires and trash . Opposition calls for large protests had raised fears the Grand Prix would have to be canceled for a second year in a row and pose a threat to Formula One crews , workers , and fans . There were no major signs of protest at the race itself . Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel secured the win , followed by Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean of Lotus-Renault . Activists said police arrested a group of at least seven female protesters inside the circuit who held up a signs demanding the release of Abdulhadi al-Khawaja , a member of the opposition who has been on a hunger strike for more than two months . A government spokesman said he could not confirm those reports . "  It has been reported but not confirmed that two women have been detained out of 50,000 attendees , " Bahraini government spokesman Abdul-Aziz bin Mubarak Al Khalifa said . "  They tried to cause a scene at the end of the race , but they did not get very far . " Sunday 's race was a "  huge success , " he said . In addition , television reporter Jonathan Miller and members of his crew from Britain 's Channel 4 were taken into custody , though there was no immediate explanation as to why . British Foreign Secretary William Hague wrote on Twitter , at what was then early Monday morning in Bahrain , that he was "  very concerned about  the journalists  detention " and that embassy officials were "  seeking urgent consular access . " A short time later , Miller sent a message himself on Twitter declaring he 'd "  been released with my crew . Breakneck drive to Bahrain airport in police van . Being deported now . " The foreign affairs correspondent wrote that police "  refused to give us back our cameras and computers , " and that his driver and an activist accompanying them were still in custody . "  We are assured they will be freed soon , " Miller said . Anti-government protesters had called the race a publicity stunt by the country 's rulers to make the nation appear more unified . The Bahrain Grand Prix was canceled twice last year amid an uprising sparked by the success of popular revolutions in Egypt and Tunisia . Bahrain 's Sunni-ruled government brutally crushed the Shiite uprising , though the opposition has continued to demand political reform in protests and , occasionally , clashes with authorities . The February 14 Youth Coalition , an opposition group that took its name from the day the Bahrain uprising began last year , had urged protesters to turn out during the race Sunday . "  We ask the rebels in the western villages to escalate the revolutionary mobilization to the highest levels and to continue to target the street leading to the Bahrain circuit , " the group said on its Facebook page . Protests with burning tires and trash blocked most of the secondary roads leading to the race track , though the main highway remained open , said Mohammed al Maskati of the Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights . There were also protests in many nearby villages , he said . The government spokesman said there were "  pockets of violence in remote parts of the country , but there has been no activity that has been seen anywhere around the circuit or on the way to the capital . " Bahrain Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa had said another race cancellation would play into extremists ' hands , according to the state-run Bahrain News Agency . And the sport 's governing body vowed the event would go on , despite continuing high tensions . On the eve of the race , security forces in a suburb of Manama clashed with thousands of protesters who were attempting to march to the highway that leads to the Formula One circuit . At least three people were injured during clashes , al Maskati said . The demonstration was in response to the death of a protester whose body was found early Saturday on a farm outside Manama , a day after he took part in a demonstration that was broken up by security forces , according to opposition groups . Bahrain 's leading opposition party Al-Wefaq and the Bahrain Youth Society identified the man as Salah Abbas Habib Musa . The Bahrain Interior Ministry confirmed the identity of the 36-year-old man , and said the case is under investigation . Formula One is the world 's most popular motor sport , and races have a TV audience of more than 500 million . Canceling the race last year cost Bahrain an estimated $ 480 to $ 800 million in potential investments . The Bahraini government has played down any risk to visitors , saying the Grand Prix will act as a unifying force amid the nation 's civil unrest . Bahrain has declined to extend the visas of non-sports reporting crews from CNN , Reuters and other news outlets and told them they would not be allowed to stay for the race . Protesters , meanwhile , are using the international spotlight on the Grand Prix to call for the release of al-Khawaja , who was arrested about a year ago . Al-Khawaja is protesting the life sentence he received for his role in anti-government demonstrations . Denmark 's ambassador met Sunday with al-Khawaja , who once lived in the country and holds Danish citizenship . The Danish government has asked that Bahrain turn him over ; Bahraini officials have refused . He was in stable condition Sunday , the Bahraini government spokesman said . Al-Khawaja can appeal his life sentence during a hearing Monday , the government has said . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , Salma Abdelaziz , Becky Anderson and Paul Gittings contributed to this report .	NEW : A British TV crew is detained and then released and deported , one of them says Protests fail to halt the Bahrain Grand Prix , won by Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel Activists say at least seven demonstrators are arrested inside the circuit A government spokesman says women "  tried to cause a scene  but  did not get very far "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- California officials said Tuesday they wo n't arbitrarily free 33,000 inmates and they will submit plans to the federal courts in two weeks specifying ways to remedy prison overcrowding under a U.S. Supreme Court order this week . "  The goal is not to release anybody early , " said spokeswoman Terry Thornton of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . "  Nobody wants to do that . " "  Nobody wants to open the door and let everyone out , " she added . The state 's plan to reduce prison overcrowding is still being prepared for a special federal three-judge panel , Thornton said . California 's 33 adult prisons now hold 143,435 inmates , she said . Thornton said that state plan may or may not include ongoing state initiatives that are targeting the overcrowding issue , which the U.S. Supreme Court said in a 5-4 decision Monday fall "  below the standard of decency . " One such initiative is the so-called AB 109 law that Gov. Jerry Brown signed in April that will transfer low-level offenders from state prisons to county jails . But the "  public safety realignment " plan does n't have state funding yet , which could be stymied by how the state treasury deals with a staggering $ 25 billion budget deficit . "  We particularly need the support and cooperation of the legislature with the immediate funding and implementation of AB 109 , " California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Secretary Matthew Cate said in a statement . "  The governor has repeatedly called for full and constitutionally protected funding of this bill to allow certain offenders to serve their incarceration and parole term under local supervision . " In ongoing state remedies that may be submitted to the federal courts for approval , the state has already transferred 10,088 inmates to contracted out-of-state facilities to reduce sleeping in gymnasiums , dayrooms and other places not intended for housing , according to the corrections department . In May 2007 , the state authorized construction of the California Health Facility in Stockton , which will provide medical and mental health treatment with more than 1,722 beds for inmates , the corrections department said . More than 18,000 beds are planned to provide health care to thousands of other inmates , the agency said . These measures may also be sent to the federal court panel , Thornton said . On Monday , the Supreme Court affirmed a federal order telling California to reduce its overflowing prison population . The case was a classic battle over state versus federal authority , focusing on whether U.S. courts can step in and essentially run state prisons when officials have repeatedly violated basic constitutional guarantees afforded inmates . The issue came down to a sharply divided debate between public safety concerns and individual rights , a debate that goes into how the three branches of government should balance competing state interests . The swing vote was Justice Anthony Kennedy , who wrote of the "  continuing injury and harm resulting from these serious constitutional violations , " including as many as 156,000 people crammed into correctional facilities designed to hold about half that many . He said that "  needless suffering and death have been the well-documented result . Over the whole course of years during which this litigation has been pending , no other remedies have been found to be sufficient . " In dissent , Justice Samuel Alito warned that any mass release of inmates to alleviate overcrowding would be "  gambling with the safety of the people of California . " The state now has a two-year window to comply , with the clock starting Monday . Officials have not fully explained how their ongoing inmate reduction plan will need to be modified to meet the federal order . In a statement issued Monday afternoon , California Gov. Jerry Brown said he would take "  all steps necessary to protect public safety " in resolving the prison overcrowding crisis . Prison overcrowding is a nationwide problem , but California 's dilemma is unique in its massive scope and time frame . There is general agreement that the prison conditions across California are disturbing . Prisoners are stacked three deep in 6-by-9-foot cells designed to hold only one . Open spaces meant to be gymnasiums and clinics have been transformed into crowded encampments with bunks and unsanitary conditions . Suicides occur once every eight days , on average . California has the nation 's largest prison system , and the state says it has reduced the prison population to meet overcrowding concerns . But a special federal court panel had ordered 36,000 to 46,000 more inmates released or transferred quickly , about a quarter of the total . That figure has now been reduced to 33,000 , achieved through ongoing state remedies to overcrowding , according to Thornton , the state prisons spokeswoman . Despite some recent drops , the prison population in the state has increased by about 75 % in the past two decades . Two lawsuits -- one filed in 1990 , the other in 2001 -- say overcrowding is the core cause of what has become a domino effect of unsafe and unhealthy conditions for those on both sides of the iron bars . State legislators and corrections officials have admitted that the prisons violate the ban on "  cruel and unusual punishment " contained in the Constitution , and have organized more than 20 panels and commissions to address the crisis . The special federal court in 2009 had ordered the state to shrink the prison population from the current 200 % over capacity to a maximum of 137.5 % , and to accomplish that in two years . The state was given wide latitude to meet the goal , but the court was adamant the state do it without delay and without excuse . The task was made more difficult by the state budget crisis and a national economic downturn that have created turmoil over funding solutions not just in prisons , but also in education , transportation and social programs . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	State officials must reduce prison overcrowding under a U.S. Supreme Court order They pledge to fix overcrowding and not let loose 33,000 inmates But state funding remains an issue California 's adult prisons house 143,435 inmates
CNN  -- Ricky Hatton has hung up his gloves after suffering a ninth-round knockout in his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko . The 34-year-old , who was fighting for the first time since suffering a second-round defeat by Manny Pacquiao in 2009 , had hoped to relaunch his career after deciding to return to the ring . ` The Hit Man ' as he is affectionately known , had endured a troubled time since quitting the sport following the loss to Pacquiao Hatton had faced a battle with drink , drugs and depression before deciding to give boxing one last shot . But the former two-weight world champion was shown no mercy by his opponent and was left to rue a career-ending defeat . End game A badly bruised Hatton told reporters : "  I found out tonight it is n't there no more . I 'm a straight-shooter and I tell the truth . I can look at myself in the mirror and tell myself I did my best , but there is always an excuse to find . "  I got in the best shape I possibly could , but if I had n't been hit with that body shot I would have just scraped over the line with a points win and I honestly think I would still be telling you all the same thing . "  A fighter knows and I know it is n't there any more . It 's too many hard fights , I 've burned the candle at both ends , I 've put my body through the mire in and out of the ring but it does n't matter how hard I train , I could n't have done any better . "  I 'm a happy man tonight . I do n't feel like putting a knife to my wrists . I have got the answers I needed . "  I got the opportunity and I got the answers and no matter how upsetting it is , I have got to be a man and say it is the end of Ricky Hatton . " Career Hatton became the British light-welterweight champion in 2000 after going 21 fights unbeaten . He followed that up the following year by winning the WBU light-welterweight title . It was in 2005 that he secured his legacy , defeating the then IBF light-welterweight champion Kostya Tszyu . He claimed a points victory over Luis Collazo in 2006 to seal the WBA welterweight title . Defeat to Floyd Mayweather Jr in December 2007 hit him hard , but Hatton returned to the ring with victories over Juan Lazcano and Paulie Malignaggi in 2008 . It was his brutal beating by Pacquiao in May 2009 which looked to have ended his career before he announced his shock return to the sport last September .	Ricky Hatton has retired from boxing for a second time The ` Hit Man ' was defeated by Vyacheslav Senchenko Hatton had hoped to relaunch his career after three-year absence Boxer admits : "  It 's the end of Ricky Hatton . "
London  CNN  -- Buildings were burning at a prison in southern England on Saturday , more than 12 hours after prisoners started a riot by smashing windows and setting fires . Fires were burning in at least two buildings at HMP Ford , an open prison with numerous one-story residence halls on a grassy campus . At least one of the buildings was destroyed , according to aerial footage of the scene . Two fire engines escorted by specialist prison officers in riot gear went onto prison grounds Saturday afternoon as fires engulfed large parts of two more buildings , sending thick black smoke into the air . The Ministry of Justice said there were no reports of injuries to either prisoners or staff . The incident began around midnight  7 p.m. ET Friday  and forced prison staff to retreat . Police , firefighters and specialist teams of prison officers had to be called in . An additional 140 prison service staff arrived at Ford around midday Saturday to help bring the prison under full control , the Ministry of Justice said , emphasizing it was not an indication the situation was escalating . Ford is in a former Royal Navy station in Arundel , near the coast about two hours south of London . It was converted to a prison in 1960 and houses offenders who have fewer than two years left to serve on their sentences . Prisoners there are convicted of a variety of offenses , though the prison does not accept those convicted of arson , some sexual offenses and harassment .	Buildings are still burning 12 hours after the riot started At least one of the buildings was destroyed No injuries have been reported HMP Ford is near England 's southern coast
New Hampshire remains Clinton country . Sixty-two percent of Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire say that if the primary were held today , Hillary Clinton , the prohibitive favorite for the Democrats ' 2016 presidential nomination , would be their top choice , according to a Bloomberg Politics/Saint Anselm College poll released Monday . The number is a whopping 49 percentage points higher than second-place finisher Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts . Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont finishes in third with 6 % and Vice President Joe Biden finishes in fourth with 5 % . Although Clinton has not declared her second run at the presidency , the former secretary of state has admitted she is considering a run and many close aides see a campaign as all-but-certain at this point . New Hampshire has always been welcome ground for the Clinton family . Bill Clinton 's surprising second place finish in the 1992 primary provided his campaign with a symbolic victory and re-energized the Arkansas governor as "  The Comeback Kid . " Likewise , in 2008 , after finishing a disappointing third in the Iowa caucuses , Hillary Clinton used her New Hampshire primary win to right her campaign . Despite her huge lead , even Clinton 's most ardent New Hampshire supporters have cautioned her to not take the Granite State as already in the bag . "  Inevitability is not a message , it is not something you can run on . And in New Hampshire , we have a long history of  frontrunner  train wrecks , " Terry Shumaker , a longtime Clinton aide in New Hampshire , said last week during a meeting of pro-Clinton Democrats . Shumaker , who was with Bill Clinton when he filed his presidential bid papers in 1991 , added : "  As I caution all presidential candidates in New Hampshire , taking New Hampshire for granted is very dangerous . Last time I believe Hillary Clinton had an almost 30-point lead in the polls in our state in the summer and that lead melted like an ice sculpture on the mall in Washington in July . " Monday 's poll , however , is not all good news for Clinton . In a 2016 general election matchup between Clinton and Mitt Romney , the failed 2012 Republican nominee , Clinton 's one point lead is within the polls margin of error . When matched up against Jeb Bush , the former Republican governor , or Rand Paul , the senator from Kentucky , Clinton enjoyed a 8 and 7 point lead , respectively . For Clinton Democrats , the end of the pre-campaign comes with concerns The poll also has good news for Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul . In a 10-person field that includes 2012 GOP Romney , Paul 's the only other potential candidate to break double-digits , taking 11 percent support and coming in second to Romney 's 30 percent support among GOP primary voters . With Romney out of the picture -- though the former Massachusetts governor has left the door open , a third bid seems unlikely for him -- Paul ties for first place with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Both take 16 percent support among GOP primary voters , and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush comes in a close third , with 14 percent . The rest of the field takes single-digit support . Paul 's strength in the state comes as no surprise , as its libertarian-leaning population drove his father , former Rep. Ron Paul , to a second-place finish in the 2012 GOP presidential primary there . Indeed , the results may be more heartening for Christie , who 's considered Paul 's main challenger in the state but has suffered significant damage over the past year due to the scandal surrounding the George Washington Bridge lane closures that cast a pall over his administration . The Bloomberg poll suggests , however , Christie remains competitive in his home region , and that the two will have a fierce fight for the all-important early primary state if they both decide to run , as expected .	Sixty-two percent of Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire support Clinton That is 49 percentage points higher than second place finisher Sen. Elizabeth Warren New Hampshire has long been supportive of the Clintons , Hillary Clinton won the primary in 2008 But even Clinton supporters in the Granite State caution against seeing the state as already in the bag
CNN  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has freed a Saudi diplomat it kidnapped three years ago , Yemeni Foreign Ministry officials told CNN . Tribal leaders involved in negotiations with al Qaeda over the last month handed Abdullah Al Khalidi to Saudi authorities on Monday , two Yemeni government officials said . Unknown gunmen kidnapped Al Khalidi , the Saudi deputy consular , in 2012 as he was leaving his residence in the Mansoora district of Yemen 's business capital of Aden . He was later handed over to al Qaeda , where he appeared in al Qaeda video last year pleading to the Saudi government to ensure his safe release . Al Qaeda was demanding a ransom for his release and threatened to kill him if the ransom was not paid . CNN was not able to confirm whether Saudi Arabia or his family paid a ransom in exchange for his release . A Yemeni Foreign Ministry official told CNN that his government was not involved in the negotiations for Al Khalidi 's release . "  The Yemeni government does not negotiate with terrorists . Ransoms that are paid to terrorists motivates them to conduct more kidnappings , " said the official on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media The Saudi Interior Ministry announced Monday that Al Khalidi reached Riyadh safely and is undergoing medical checkups . Al Khalidi had been living in Aden for four years when he was kidnapped . Last week , a Frenchwoman working for an international organization was kidnapped , along with her Yemeni translator , in Sanaa . Two four-wheel drive vehicles were used in the kidnapping attempt , according to eyewitnesses . Their whereabouts remain unknown . Kidnappings of foreigners is common in Yemen with tribes or al Qaeda-linked militants often demanding a ransom for their release or using them as a bargaining chip in their dealings with the central government . Al Qaeda is believed to have been behind most of the kidnappings since 2012 . Gunmen kidnapped an Iranian diplomat , Ahmed Bakht , in Yemen in 2013 , and his whereabouts are still unknown . Bakht was an Iranian national employed within the Iranian Embassy in Yemen and was kidnapped while traveling through the diplomatic quarter in Sanaa when gunmen blocked the road ahead of him and abducted him .	Saudi ministry says diplomat arrived in Riyadh safely and is undergoing medical checkups Gunmen kidnapped the diplomat , Abdullah Al Khalidi , in Aden , Yemen , in 2012
The new James Bond novel , "  Solo , " has just been published with the opening scene coming courtesy London 's Dorchester hotel . It continues a trend of featuring opulent hotels in the secret agent franchise -- so here are some of the most memorable . The Peninsula , Hong Kong The Peninsula -- and its fleet of Rolls-Royce Silver Shadows -- appeared in "  The Man with the Golden Gun , " starring Roger Moore . In the film , Bond follows Bond girl Andrea Anders from Macau to Hong Kong , where she 's picked up by one of the hotel 's "  Peninsula-green " Rolls-Royces . Anders , it emerges , is staying in room 602 at the Peninsula and the spectacular frontage appears in several scenes . The cast and crew also stayed at the hotel during filming . The Peninsula Hong Kong , Salisbury Road , Hong Kong ; +852 2920 2888 ; from $ 603 per room per night Hotel New Otani Tokyo In 1967 's "  You Only Live Twice , " the New Otani hotel is the headquarters of Osato Chemicals , the Japanese front for Ernst Stavro Blofeld 's SPECTRE operation . The hotel was built in 1964 by former sumo wrestler Yonetaro Otani , and is famous for its revolving restaurant and enormous Japanese gardens . Hotel New Otani , 4-1 KioI-Cho , Chiyoda-Ku , Tokyo , 102-8578 , Japan , +81 3 3265 1111 ; from $ 303 per room per night More : 7 hotel restaurants you 'll be talking about for years One & Only Ocean Club , Bahamas In "  Casino Royale , " Bond girl Solange is seen arriving at the resort before checking into Villa 1085 . The property appears throughout the film : Bond is seen walking through the reception area , playing poker in the library and exploring the Versailles-themed gardens . Perhaps unsurprisingly , the Ocean Club 's Dune restaurant now offers a Casino Royale cocktail -- a combination of vodka , gin and wine . One & Only Ocean Club , One Casino Drive , Paradise Island , Bahamas ; +242 363 2501 ; from $ 555 per room per night Hotel Cipriani , Venice , Italy Daniel Craig 's James Bond moors his yacht at this hotel 's private marina in "  Casino Royale . " The crew took over the Cipriani 's restaurant to film this scene , and parts of the terrace appear throughout . Cast and crew stayed at the hotel during filming and the hotel 's head barman recalls Craig enjoying a nightcap or two with co-star Eva Green . On one of his first visits to the bar , the actor was apparently offered a martini but opted for a Bellini , instead . Hotel Cipriani , Giudecca 10 , 30133 Venice , Italy ; +39 041 240 801 ; from $ 1,547 per room per night The Langham , London In "  GoldenEye " -- the first James Bond film not based on Ian Fleming 's novels -- this London hotel doubles as St. Petersburg 's Grand Hotel Europe . The Langham was built in 1865 and is one of London 's first purpose-built hotels . "  Goldeneye " is n't the hotel 's only starring role -- it also appears in Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen 's film "  Winning London . " No , we have n't seen it either . The Langham , 1c Portland Place , Regent Street , London , W1B 1JA T ; +44 20 7636 1000 ; from $ 454 per room per night More : 12 of the world 's dog-friendliest hotels Hotel Atlantic Kempinski , Hamburg , Germany Bond scrambles over the iconic , globe-adorned rooftop of the Atlantic Kempinski in "  Tomorrow Never Dies , " and the hotel 's exterior also appears throughout the film . Bond , played by Pierce Brosnan , stays in the hotel 's Atlantic Suite and several scenes were filmed there . Brosnan , the director Roger Spottiswoode and Desmond Llewelyn  who played Q  all stayed at the hotel during filming . Hotel Atlantic Kempinski Hamburg , An der Alster 72-79 ,20099 Hamburg ; +49 40 28880 ; from $ 213 per room per night Taj Lake Palace , Udaipur , India This Indian hotel doubles as Octopussy 's lair in the film of the same name , with the dining room , terrace and hotel barge appearing in various scenes . The hotel 's lily pond is also featured in the film , when Bond girl Octopussy is shown enjoying a naked swim . Local guides and staff members were used as extras . Taj Lake Palace , Lake Pichola , Udaipur , Rajasthan , India ; +91 294 2428800 ; from $ 446 per room per night Fontainebleau Miami Beach , Florida In "  Goldfinger , " this enormous hotel  the largest on the United States ' Eastern Seaboard  appears in the sweeping aerial shot which follows the opening credits . In the film , Bond girl Jill Masterton is found dead at the hotel after being covered in gold paint . The Fontainebleau has appeared in several other films , including "  The Bodyguard , " "  Police Academy 5 " and "  A Hole In the Head , " which starred Frank Sinatra . Fontainebleau Miami Beach , 4441 Collins Ave. , Miami Beach , Florida ; +1 305 538 2000 ; from $ 300 per room per night More : The oddest-looking hotel you 'll see this year Hotel Cala Di Volpe , Sardinia , Italy In "  The Spy Who Loved Me , " Roger Moore 's Bond seduces KGB agent Amasova in the piano bar , which doubles as Bond 's hotel room . The Cala di Volpe was the first hotel to be built on the Costa Smeralda , a popular holiday spot for people who rarely enjoy the charms of hostels : Heidi Klum and Denzel Washington have both stayed at the hotel . Hotel Cala Di Volpe , Costa Smeralda , Porto Cervo 07021 , Italy +39 0789 976111 ; from $ 763 per room per night Four Seasons Hotel London at Canary Wharf , London In the opening scene of "  Skyfall , " Bond  played by Daniel Craig  takes a swim in this London hotel 's rooftop swimming pool . The pool 's floor-to-ceiling windows offer unbeatable views over London , but because the property doubles for a hotel in Shanghai , they were blacked out prior to filming . Skyfall 's racy shower scene was also filmed in room 712 . Four Seasons Canary Wharf , 46 Westferry Circus , Canary Wharf , London ; +44 20 7510-1999 ; from $ 273 per room night More : America 's most luxurious hotel suites	Just released James Bond novel ` Solo ' features London 's Dorchester Hotel Hong Kong 's The Peninsula -- and its Rolls-Royce cars -- appeared in "  The Man with the Golden Gun " In "  Casino Royale , " Bond girl Solange is seen arriving at One & Only Ocean Club , Bahamas
NEW YORK  CNN  -- She used to lunch at the exclusive Four Seasons . Now , the best-selling author jokes that she 's inviting friends to Taco Bell . Call it gallows humor , but Alexandra Penney has just lost her life 's savings . Author and artist Alexandra Penney says she lost her life savings investing with financier Bernard Madoff . She invested every penny with accused Ponzi-schemer Bernard Madoff . Penney thought she had weathered the bear market just fine , since Madoff put her money in super-safe Treasuries . Then , on December 11 , she received a call from her best friend . "  She said , ' I hope this is a rumor , but I 've just heard Bernie Madoff 's been arrested , ' " Penney recalls . "  My other phone rang ; it was my son . And he said , ` Mom , sit down . ' He said , ` Bernie Madoff 's been arrested . ' And I said , ` For what ? ' And he said , ` He 's a crook . ' " Madoff 's alleged $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme disrupted a fragile financial system , affecting hedge funds and well-heeled investors on Wall Street , Florida and Europe . In a Ponzi scheme , money from new investors is used to pay off early investors to create the appearance of legitimate returns . Conservative with her money , Penney says she has been working and saving since she was a teenager . She admits that her biggest fear was losing everything and "  becoming a bag lady . " About a decade ago , when Penney was in her late 40s , she shared her fears with a good friend , who steered her to Madoff , where she thought her money would always be safe . Watch Penney call Madoff ` loathesome ' " Best known for the 1982 best-seller "  How to Make Love to a Man " and as a former editor of Self magazine , Penney and her friend Evelyn Lauder were the first to use pink ribbons as a symbol for breast cancer awareness . Every success along the way meant more money , which was eventually invested with Madoff . She earned so much money that she was no longer writing and editing but living her dream as an artist . Sitting in her artist 's studio in the SoHo area of New York , she recently said she will start writing again to pay the bills . And she has a few choice words about Madoff , who remains under house arrest in his Manhattan penthouse apartment , where he lives with his wife while the case proceeds . "  Repulsive is mild . Loathsome . It 's a visceral feeling . This is not humanity ; this is not a human being . This is , again , it 's a sociopath , " Penney says . "  I 'm sincerely , and this is the understatement of the year , appalled that this man is not in prison . " But that could change soon if a judge decides to revoke Madoff 's bail . In a court filing Thursday , the U.S. Justice Department accused Madoff of having signed about 100 checks -- worth a total of $ 173 million -- that were "  ready to be sent out " before his arrest by the FBI on December 11 on a charge of securities fraud . Madoff investors might have to cough up withdrawals " Prosecutors said the checks violate his $ 10 million bail agreement and said it was an attempt to prevent his alleged victims from recovering their losses . If convicted of the charges against him , Madoff , 70 , could spend up to 20 years in prison and face a $ 5 million fine . On the advice of her lawyers , Penney is not saying how much money she lost . She 's not penniless , she says . She has a checking account that will last a few months , a West Palm Beach cottage , a Manhattan apartment and a "  beach shack " in Wainscott , Long Island . Over the past 40 years , she earned and paid for all of it herself . Penney is not asking anyone to feel sorry for her , especially after the acid-response to her first-hand account of her financial woes in a blog called "  The Bag Lady Papers " on TheDailyBeast.com . In the blog , she talks about selling the cottage and possibly more real estate and taking her first subway ride in 30 years . She 's even considered selling some of her expensive jewelry to pay the bills . Some readers blasted her as a privileged New York princess . They told her to get a job . Others said they did n't feel sorry for her . Penney says she was surprised by the "  vitriol . " "  I 've never been given a dollar . I never took alimony . I never inherited any money . So , sure , well , who else earned it ? Me , " Penney says . Today , she says she has been "  Madoffed . " When the phone rang last month with the news about Madoff 's arrest , Penney was making a cheese soufflé . Ever the writer , she uses the soufflé as a metaphor . "  Everything was rising . We were all rising . The housing market was rising . Bernie Madoff 's money , people like me , my money was making 9 , 10 percent , " Penney says . "  There was this incredible lift of the economic picture . And I think that the crash of the stock market and the crash of Bernie Madoff together are really emblematic that the system is the culprit . Madoff is emblematic of the system , but there 's something very wrong with the system . " And just like the investments , Penney says , the soufflé fell , too .	Best-selling author Alexandra Penney lost life savings in alleged fraud scheme Bernie Madoff 's alleged $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme affected investors worldwide "  This is not a human being . This is ... a sociopath , " Penney says of Madoff Penney will return to writing and might sell real estate , jewelry to pay the bills
Beijing  CNN  -- Furious anti-Japan protests erupted in Chinese cities Sunday after a Japanese group landed on an island that both countries say is theirs . Protesters toppled Japanese-made cars , burned Japanese flags , and shouted that the island is Chinese territory and that Japan should get out , according to the state-run China Daily newspaper . There were protests in Shenzhen , Shenyang , Hangzhou , Harbin and Qingdao , China Daily reported . In Guangzhou , demonstrators staged a loud sit-in in front of the Japanese consulate , it said . Chinese protesters carried Chinese flags and banners during a march in Hong Kong . The group of 10 Japanese landed on the island Sunday . They waved Japanese flags and draped one over a lighthouse . "  As a Japanese citizen , and as a local lawmaker , I went onto the island to show clearly that this is Japan 's territory , " Eiji Kousaka , a parliament representative from Tokyo , told the Reuters news agency after landing on the island . TIME : Maritime disputes not just about China He said he "  had " to go to the island after a group of Chinese nationals landed there Wednesday . Japan arrested 14 of them and deported them Friday . "  I ca n't just shut my eyes and go and just fish , " Kousaka told Reuters . The island is part of an uninhabited chain in the East China Sea claimed by both countries . China calls them Diaoyu and Japan calls them Senkaku , and ownership of the islands would allow for exclusive oil , mineral , and fishing rights in surrounding waters . After Japan arrested the Chinese group Wednesday , there were anti-Japan demonstrations in Shanghai , Hong Kong , and Beijing . China warned Japan not to allow Sunday 's landing , urging it not to "  undermine China 's territorial sovereignty , " according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . The islands have been the center of dispute for decades . Japanese nationalists traveled to the islands in 1990 and 1996 . In 2010 , tensions rose to a boiling point when a Chinese fishing trawler rammed into a Japan Coast Guard vessel on patrol in the islands ' waters . Japan detained the crew members but later released them under Chinese diplomatic and trade pressure . The dispute boils down to where lines can be drawn in the ocean for commercial use . International law allows for a nation to claim exclusive economic rights to fish , oil and mineral reserves up to 200 nautical miles from the shore . One question hanging over territorial claims is whether the disputed islands are islands at all , according to maritime law . If they 're not islands , then territorial claims do n't apply . Both sides say they have a history of economic use of the islands . China points to a 1893 decree by Dowager Empress Cixi , giving the island to a Chinese medicine-maker for use in cultivating herbs . Japan points to 19th-century use on the island to collect seabird feathers and guano . Tokyo Gov. Shintaro Ishihara says a Japanese family claims to own four of the five disputed islands , and that it has documents showing the islands ' Japanese ownership dating to 1890 . The Wednesday incident coincided with the 67th anniversary of Japan 's official World War II surrender . On the same day , two Japanese Cabinet ministers visited the controversial Yasukuni shrine in Tokyo , which honors Japan 's war dead as well as war criminals . China and South Korea , given their respective wartime occupation and colonization by Japan , have condemned such visits . A commentary published by the Japan Times on Friday cited diplomatic experts in Japan as saying both nations would benefit from resolving the dispute quickly , with China facing a leadership change later in the year and Japan facing separate territorial fights with Seoul and Moscow . Adding to the regional tensions before the anniversary was South Korean President Lee Myung-bak 's visit Tuesday to what the country calls Dokdo , a small group of islands in the Sea of Japan that Japan claims as Takeshima . The move prompted Japan to recall its ambassador to Seoul and warn South Korea that it will take the issue to the International Court of Justice -- a proposal rejected by Seoul . Japan 's finance minister has also said he will cancel a trip to South Korea because of the dispute . Japan has long claimed the islets as its territory , but Seoul said all Korean territory was returned after the country won independence from colonial rule by Japan in 1945 . CNN 's Elizabeth Yuan , Ben Brumfield , Kyung Lah and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	NEW : Protesters toppled Japanese-made cars and burned Japanese flags NEW : A Japanese activist who went to the islands says they belong to Japan Both China and Japan claim sovereignty over the uninhabited islands A Chinese group traveled to the islands last week and was deported
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- On Inauguration Day , there 's one scene at the White House that wo n't be playing out exactly as it has during past transitions : the traditional moving of the outgoing first family 's belongings . President Bush walks out of the White House Oval Office on January 10 . Anita McBride , chief of staff to first lady Laura Bush , tells CNN that the Bushes have moved almost all of their belongings out of the White House ahead of schedule . "  There wo n't be ... the moving trucks for the Bushes coming here , " McBride said , adding , "  The only things really left for President and Mrs. Bush are their personal belongings and luggage that they 'll take that day . " McBride said Mrs. Bush directed residence staff early -- in the summer of 2008 -- to prepare the White House for the personal transition . "  It 's probably the librarian in her , " McBride said of Mrs. Bush , a former librarian . "  Maybe we 've got a bit of a Dewey Decimal system of move-out process , but that certainly made it easier for the residence staff , and they very much appreciate it , " McBride said . The actual clearing out of the Bushes ' belongings began over the summer , McBride says , when many items were packed and taken to Crawford , Texas . Then , during the Christmas holiday , the Bushes moved their personal things out of Camp David , the presidential retreat in Maryland , according to McBride . That means on Inauguration Day , while President Bush and Mrs. Bush , along with President-elect Obama and his family , are at the Capitol , staff in the White House residence will have more time to unpack and prepare the Obamas ' personal belongings . "  They have rehearsed this over the last few weeks , everyone has their marching orders , it will be all hands on deck , " said McBride . "  The residence staff will be here that morning , and they know what their jobs are when the moving truck for the Obamas ' move-in arrives , " she said , adding , "  Their things will be unpacked , and their clothes will be in their rightful place , and whatever furniture that they may have selected from the White House furniture collection will be in the place that they want it to be . "	The Obamas ' belongings will be moved into the White House on Tuesday Most of the Bush family items are already moved to Crawford ranch , Dallas home Bush move started last summer , according to a White House aide
CNN 's Ed Henry followed President Obama on his trip to the Middle East and Europe , ending at a commemoration of the 65th anniversary of the D-Day invasion of Europe . You can see his reflections from Normandy , as well as the entire Obama trip , by going to his Twitter page . Row upon row of gravestones at the American Cemetery mark those killed in the invasion . NORMANDY , France  CNN  -- I knew my first visit to the American Cemetery at Normandy would be emotional , but I really had no idea I 'd be tearing up literally within about eight minutes of walking the rows of bone-white gravestones . Those of us in the White House press corps traveling with President Obama to France on Saturday to celebrate the 65th anniversary of D-Day were very lucky . It was truly awesome to have a front-row seat to the celebration of the climactic battle of World War II , where Allied forces finally stopped the Nazi aggression . If there was a hint of a downside , it was that all of us had to wake up Saturday somewhere around 5 a.m. Paris time  11 p.m. ET Friday , ugh  to then board one of several buses that would take us on a 3 1/2 - hour journey to Normandy . That 's right , 3 1/2 hours on a tour bus when you 're already totally exhausted from a very busy trip that took us from Saudi Arabia to Egypt and then Germany and France in just a few days . Watch President Obama 's speech at Normandy " The upside ? WE 'RE GOING TO NORMANDY !!! Besides , do I really want to complain about a stinking bus ride when about 2,500 brave Americans lost their lives on this battlefield during the first 24 hours of vicious combat on June 6 , 1944 ? Did n't think so . So I jump off the bus , head for the cemetery and decide I should pick just one of the dozens and dozens of rows of tombstones and keep walking until I stumble upon the first grave of a soldier from New York -- my home state -- that I can find . In less than a minute , I found it . His name was Martin J. Biringer , a private from the 4th Cavalry . I bowed my head and thanked him for his service , trying to put myself in his combat boots , thinking that when I was an 18-year-old or 19-year-old kid growing up in New York , I doubt I had the strength and courage this man had to answer his country 's call . I decided to take my iPhone out and start posting reflections and photos on Twitter , starting with Biringer 's grave . I decided to keep walking down the same row of graves toward Omaha Beach , where the invasion began , and this is where I really got choked up . There was a bouquet of flowers sitting under one grave with a card written out in longhand on a piece of white paper . "  From your brother Pete , I remember you , " it said so simply and yet so elegantly . That 's when I started feeling the chills on my back . The flowers were fresh , and so was the ink on the card . "  Pete " had clearly been here in the last day or two , and I started thinking about the fact that he had not seen his "  brother " in 65 years . Sixty-five years . And yet he made the trek all the way here to simply say , "  I remember you . " I started tearing up thinking of my own family : imagining my son going off to war and dying , and my daughter traveling to this cemetery 65 years later , and leaving a card like that . I remember you . That 's when it hit me : how easily we take for granted the emotional holes that the war left in so many lives . In this case , I looked up and saw that Pete was paying tribute to his brother Theodore Cassera of New Jersey , a staff sergeant from the 8th Infantry who died a couple of weeks after D-Day . A man who fought and died so that we could be free . Nearby , I found another grave with another card , this one with a piercing question . The card said at the top : "  To save your world , you asked this man to die . Would this man , could he see you now , ask why ? WH Auden " In other words , did he die in vain ? The quick and easy answer might be yes , this particular man died to save us from the Nazis , but in our busy lives , we often seem to take his sacrifice for granted . But after a couple more minutes of walking , I got a different answer . No , he did not die in vain . And the best part was that it was a few kids , about the age of my own children , who gave me that more hopeful answer . There was now a huge crowd gathering for the ceremony where Obama would speak . I came upon a large group circled around an old veteran in a wheelchair , all decked out in his old military uniform , and beaming from ear to ear . Watch D-Day vets in Washington talk about their experiences " The source of the joy ? A group of young boys from New York were rushing around with autograph books , the kind they would normally take to Yankee Stadium to desperately try to get Derek Jeter 's signature . But on this day , they were desperately trying to get the signatures of as many World War II vets as they could find . It was a sight to see the wonder on their faces . Not just the boys -- the faces of the old men , too .	Normandy visit came at the end of President Obama 's trip to Mideast and Europe CNN 's Ed Henry says walking the rows of gravestones brought chills , tears On one grave were flowers and a message from a "  brother " A group of young boys sought out autographs from assembled veterans
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Stephen Plumlee started feeling dizzy and nauseated shortly after his flight from Sarasota , Florida , landed in Atlanta , Georgia . He was wheeled off the plane by paramedics , but instead of being taken to a hospital emergency room downtown , he was treated in the atrium of the busiest airport in the world . The AeroClinic joins a growing field of easy-access medical facilities found in pharmacies and retail outlets . The AeroClinic , a new retail medical facility , offers quick , inexpensive care to travelers and some of the airport 's 55,000 employees . "  We 're kind of the stop in between the hospital during your travels , " said Dr. Dominic Mack , chief medical officer for the clinic . The AeroClinic joins a growing field of easy-access medical facilities found in pharmacies and retail outlets around the country . You could say it falls somewhere between the newer , small clinics and the larger full-service after-hours clinics that have been around for many years . For about $ 80 , a patient can be treated by a doctor or physician assistant for a minor acute illness such as strep throat , upset stomach or headache . That was the reason behind Derrick Gross ' visit . The medical sales representative lives in Atlanta , but travels at least three days a week . He says he 's too busy to see a regular doctor , and when he saw the sign while passing through the airport , he decided to make an appointment . Gross spent about 20 minutes with physician assistant Sabrina Jackson going through a battery of tests to try to determine the source of his headaches . Health Minute : Airport clinic gives travelers a health-care alternative " . He received a supply of ibuprofen when the tests revealed no obvious medical problems . "  I took a chance by coming here today and I 'm satisfied , " Gross said . He agreed to follow up with his primary care physician . Mack said he treats a lot of patients like Gross . "  You have 250,000 passengers who come through Atlanta Hartsfield every day , and people are sick . What they do is delay their care or they do n't get their care at all . " Dr. David Satcher , former U.S. surgeon general and frequent flier , sees the need first hand . "  I 've traveled almost 40,000 miles in the last month and I know there are a lot of people who spend time in airports and a lot of people do n't get the care they need , " he said . As a member of the American Academy of Family Physicians , Satcher believes the concept of a quick-care health facility inside an airport is a good one so long as patients continue to have contact with a primary care physician at home . He serves on the board of directors for The AeroClinic and is one of the privately held company 's original investors . He wants potential patients to understand the restrictions of a facility such as The AeroClinic . "  This is not the place to go when you 're having chest pains . ...  But  obviously , if you have a minor illness this is an opportunity to seek care while you 're traveling and not have to wait until you get back home . " The clinic 's 12 staffers also offer preventive care including physical exams , routine vaccinations and monitoring of chronic diseases . The facility accepts some insurance coverage . In the fall , The AeroClinic , will open a second facility in the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , airport . The staff plans to offer flu shots at mobile kiosks in the airport concourses . For now , travelers must go out of the airport security zone to reach the facility . Stephen Plumlee did n't mind the inconvenience . "  I was so out of it , I did n't know what was happening . But everyone has been very helpful . " After he rested for a couple of hours and recovered from the nausea , an imbalance in his inner ear was diagnosed . He was given medication to help him cope with the flight home and sent on his way . "  This has been good , " concluded Plumlee . "  It 's been fine to be able to do it in the airport , not have to go to some other part of the city and find my way back . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	New retail medical facility offers care to Atlanta airport travelers , employees Treatment available for minor acute illnesses such as strep throat , headache Physical exams , vaccinations , monitoring of chronic diseases also offered
CNN  -- Following a big night for Republican gubernatorial candidates , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie took a victory lap Wednesday morning with interviews on all five major news networks , where he brushed off questions about 2016 and defended his recent shout-down of a heckler . Here 's a few messages he tried to push : 1 . He says he has n't made a decision on running for president : The political calendar is now focused on the next presidential election , but Christie appeared no more closer to making a decision on 2016 . Pressed by CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day " to elaborate on his own thought process and the public pressure he 's facing to run , Christie did n't budge . "  I 'll make this decision based on my own time table and not on anybody else 's , " he said . As chairman of the Republican Governors Association , Christie helped raise more than $ 100 million in the past year and Republicans gained multiple governorships Tuesday night , while still others have yet to be called . Asked how he can say no to 2016 after having a successful year , Christie said : "  I do n't know that you 'd say ` no ' . " "  But I have n't said yes , " he continued . "  That 's a big difference . " On ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Christie said the past year of traveling gave him and his family a better feel for what a national campaign would be like that . But is it fair to say he 's closer to a 2016 run , asked George Robert Stephanopoulos . "  No , not fair to say , " Christie said . "  It 's fair to say that what I 'm looking for is a nap . " 2 . He does n't regret yelling at the heckler : Even some Republicans â $ " including Mitt Romney , Bobby Jindal and Rand Paul â $ " argued Christie 's sharp reaction to a heckler last week was n't the best way to handle the situation . But Christie said he has no regrets . Asked on CNN and NBC whether he thinks he 'll be able to control his Jersey temperament if he runs for president , Christie took issue with the premise . "  Why would anybody think that what I did last night was n't controlled , first off ? Why would they think that I did n't do exactly what I wanted to do ? " he said on CNN . Christie said on almost all the shows that he would n't do it differently if he 's interrupted like that again and thinks his style will play just fine in other states "  I 'm going to be myself . If I decide to run for something and that 's not good enough , then that 's not good enough , " he said . I 'm not going to change who I am -- not for anybody " Asked on NBC whether he might at least try to "  hide " that part of his personality , Christie candidly replied , "  There 's no hope for that . " 3 . He says he 's not trying to take credit for Tuesday night 's success : Christie was strategic in trying to keep the candidates in the spotlight Wednesday morning , saying on NBC that "  the candidates deserve the credit -- it 's always about the candidates . " When Gayle King on CBS asked if his morning show appearances could be called a victory lap , Christie said with a straight face : "  You can certainly call it an acknowledgment of a lot of hard work by a lot of great governors . " The sweetest personal victory for him , he said on CBS , was Gov. Paul LePage 's re-election victory in Maine . But he added that Republican pickups in blue states like Massachusetts , Maryland and Illinois were also great . "  I love that map this morning , " he said on Fox News . "  It looks absolutely fabulous . " He did n't hesitate to take some shots at Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , who 's openly considering a 2016 presidential run , saying the GOP 's win in Maryland is a rejection of O'Malley 's policies of "  high taxes and big spending . " "  Even for Maryland it got to be too much , " Christie said on CBS . 4 . Tuesday night was also a message to Obama : Christie said on Fox News that Tuesday night 's results were a "  a reflection of the president 's lack of leadership . " "  The biggest emotion I saw  when traveling  was anxiety , " he said . "  We used to control events , now events control us . " He argued that "  the president needs to step up and finally lead and work and compromise " with the new Republican majority in Congress .	Chris Christie appeared on five morning news shows on Wednesday He leads a campaign group that works to elect GOP governors , which had big success Tuesday Christie said he still has n't made a decision on 2016
San Francisco  CNN  -- Three weeks and about 400 miles ago , I started a trip down the "  most endangered " river in the United States , California 's San Joaquin . The underloved river is born in the Sierra Nevada and snakes across one of the most productive agricultural regions in the world , California 's Central Valley . I finished that journey -- which mostly involved kayaking , but also a fair bit of walking , since the San Joaquin runs dry for about 40 miles -- on Friday beneath the Golden Gate Bridge here in San Francisco . It was a moment I 'll always remember : that behemoth , cardinal-red bridge towering overhead , clanging in the wind , the distant roar of traffic , water rushing through a 1.7-mile channel that drains about 40 % of this country-sized state 's land area . The ocean tossed the kayak around like a piece of dough . Thirty-five mph winds seared salt water to my face , and tears of joy ran down my cheeks . It was thrilling but also bittersweet . I knew that not a single drop of San Joaquin water made it to the bridge , which should be the end of the river . All of it -- 100 % -- is diverted for a variety of human uses , mostly for farming . As I crossed under the bridge , which separates the San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean , my thoughts were as choppy as the water . But between "  Do n't flip ! " and "  ROCK ! " I looked up at the bridge and remembered a moment from my June 11 hike at the headwaters of the San Joaquin . I could hear the river rumbling down in a valley to the left on that mountain trail , and I said something to my hiking companion , Darin McQuoid -- a pro kayaker who goes careening off 80-foot waterfalls like it 's no big thing -- about how , to me , the river sounded like a highway . No , he said , it 's the opposite . Highways sound like rivers . That 's so true . And it really clicked for me in that moment . After three weeks on the river , I was finally starting to see things from the water 's perspective . Rivers , of course , are the original highways . The roaring traffic above on the Golden Gate reminded me of the San Joaquin in its early , healthy stretches . But for most of us , traffic is far more familiar . We 've become a people disconnected from the water . We do n't know rivers . We do n't know where they start , where they 're going , when they 're full , why they 're dry . We do n't know enough to understand why -- long after the Huck Finn era -- they still shape our lives , they 're still worthy of our attention and unyielding respect . I hope this trip is part of a much broader effort to change that . To tilt our collective thinking toward a focus on water , and its great shepherds , the rivers . I could go on for MANY more paragraphs about the journey -- about the farmers , bird-lovers , migrant workers , fish biologists , dam operators , boat nuts and barefoot skiers I met along the way . I 'll do that at a later date as part of our Change the List project . For now , I wanted to say a heartfelt thank you to all of the readers who followed my voyage down the San Joaquin so diligently -- and helpfully -- on social media . Some of you sent me scientific reports about locations I was passing ; others actually met me out on the river to share a piece of your story . Two science teachers brought me a burrito beneath a bridge . One woman stood at the edge of her family farm for two hours waiting for me to pass . For all of that I am forever grateful . It 's incredible that you cared about this story so deeply . You were an essential part of it . You shaped my path . So , I 'll say it again , since I do n't enough : Thank you . You readers are awesome . AND : I do have a favor to ask . I 'd like to ask you to turn your gaze toward rivers , too . CNN iReport is inviting you to send in photos , videos or essays about your favorite rivers . It could be a river you saw on vacation or one in your backyard . Tell us a little bit about it and it may be featured as part of a list of "  our favorite rivers . " Here 's a page with instructions on how to do it . I know which river I 'll pick . Certainly the San Joaquin . Stay tuned for more reporting on America 's "  most endangered " river in coming weeks , and thank you again for being such an integral part of this adventure . Check out more from John 's blog he kept along the way	John Sutter on Friday completed a three-week trip down the San Joaquin River The river was named the most endangered in the country by an advocacy group Readers voted for Sutter to write about rivers as part of his Change the List project The San Joaquin travels through rich agricultural land in California -- and it runs dry
CNN  -- President Barack Obama used the growing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico to renew his pitch for alternative energy Wednesday , arguing that the unfolding environmental disaster "  gives you a sense of where we 're going " without comprehensive reform . The federal government is "  going to bring every resource necessary to put a stop " to the spill , the president said during a visit to a solar panel manufacturing facility in Fremont , California . "  We will not rest until this well is shut , the environment is repaired , and the cleanup is complete . " But , he added , "  a lot of damage has been done already . The spill in the Gulf , which is just heartbreaking , only underscores the necessity " of seeking alternative fuel sources . A failure to enact comprehensive energy reform , he argued , would pose a threat to national security and the economy , as well as the environment . Obama 's remarks came two weeks after Sens. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut , introduced a sweeping energy and climate change bill intended to cut U.S. greenhouse gas emissions while reshaping the energy sector . The House passed its own energy bill last year , and Obama has said he backs the efforts by Kerry and Lieberman to move the issue forward in the Senate . The president asked for Senate GOP cooperation on the issue during a closed-door meeting Tuesday with Republicans on Capitol Hill . However , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , has indicated he wants immigration reform to take priority , and the politics of midterm congressional elections in November raises questions about the the possibility of gaining final approval this year of such major legislation as energy reform . Reid 's position caused a potential Republican co-sponsor , Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , to drop out of the talks with Lieberman and Kerry on drafting the proposal . The proposal addresses a range of energy issues , including expanded nuclear power production , incentives for the coal industry to seek cleaner methods , money to develop alternative energy sources and programs to help U.S. industry in the transition to a low-carbon system . On climate change , the measure seeks escalating reductions in greenhouse gas emissions in coming decades that match the levels set as goals by the Obama administration and contained in the House bill . Among other things , the proposal calls for emissions reductions from 2005 levels of 17 percent by 2020 , 42 percent by 2030 and 83 percent by 2050 . The Senate proposal includes expanded offshore oil drilling as part of a strategy to increase domestic production . However , provisions strengthening the ability of states to prevent more drilling off their coasts were added in the wake of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Obama cites Gulf oil spill while promoting alternative energy in California Obama 's remarks came two weeks after key senators introduced energy reform bill Sem . Harry Reid 's emphasis on immigration reform raises doubts about bill 's future Bill includes expanded offshore drilling but gives states more leeway
CNN  -- All-time major record holder Jack Nicklaus believes that Tiger Woods will return to the golf course in time to appear in next month 's Masters . Woods , 34 , has been out of the game since revelations about his private life were made public late last year but Nicklaus is of the opinion that his fellow - American will want to play at Augusta as he aims to add to his tally of 14 major victories . Speaking to the media before this week 's Honda Classic PGA tournament , Nicklaus , who is four ahead of Woods with 18 major wins , said : "  It would surprise me if he did n't play at Augusta . My guess , as a golfer , is that he will want to . "  His personal life is his personal life . He is a professional golfer and he is a sensational golfer . He is a great athlete , and he 'll figure out his own problems . " Meanwhile , Woods ' caddie Steve Williams has told New Zealand 's 60 Minutes program that he would have spoken out about the world number one 's alleged affairs if he had known about them . "  In some people 's perception , I 'm involved in it and I 've committed a crime or I 've done wrong , " Williams said . "  The truth is I knew nothing of what was happening . " "  It 's been the most difficult time of my life because every single person believed that I should know , or did know , or had something to do with it . "  If I had known something was going on , the whistle would have been blown . "  Of course I 'm mad at him . I 'm close with his wife -- he 's got two lovely children and he 's let them down . But when a guy 's having a tough time , it 's not up to me to beat him with a stick .	Jack Nicklaus believes Tiger Woods will return to golf in time to appear in The Masters Woods is still four wins short of Nicklaus ' record of 18 major victories Caddie Steve Williams has spoken of Woods ' troubles on New Zealand TV
CNN  -- From Morocco to New York Malika Zarra has taken her mezzo-soprano voice across the world , crossing both musical and cultural boundaries . Singing in French and Arabic she 's redefining the term fusion and adding her unique sound to the world of jazz .	Jazz artist talks about crossing cultures , blending French , English and Arabic vocals Born in Morocco before moving to Paris with family age 3 ; now lives in New York Describes hardships faced by North Africans in Europe
CNN  -- A runaway horse that injured six people at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center on Saturday has been captured , police say . The horse got loose , then ran down a trail , colliding with horseback riders and pedestrians . The horse injured three adults and three children , according to the Burbank Police Twitter account . All of them had minor injuries , Burbank police Sgt. Jerry Misquez said . The center is "  centrally located within Griffith Park " and has access to more than 50 miles of horse trails in the park , its website says . Patrons can rent horses , board their horses or watch equestrian events , according to the center . The equestrian center is hosting the 25th annual Equestfest on Sunday . The event showcases many of the equestrian units that will participate in the Rose Parade on New Year 's Day , according to the Tournament of Roses website .	NEW : Six people sustain minor injuries , including three children Loose horse at Los Angeles Equestrian Center collides with people Horse has since been captured
CNN  -- A Human Rights Watch official is calling on the government of Bahrain to investigate a Monday morning teargas attack on the Bani Jamra home of prominent activist Nabeel Rajab . The attack took place at 3:30 a.m. , according to Human Rights Watch . Rajab , who heads the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , was apparently not injured . However , the attack by unknown assailants caused "  great distress " for his 78-year-old mother , who suffers from respiratory disease , Human Rights Watch said . "  This attack certainly appears to target Nabeel Rajab for his human rights advocacy , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Bahraini authorities need to investigate this incident and hold those responsible to account . " There was no immediate response to the Human Right Watch statement by the Bahrain government . The country is ruled by the Al-Khalifa family , which has been in power since the 18th century . Many protesters are calling for the removal of the royal family , whom they blame for the country 's high unemployment rate and for running a corrupt government that relies on torture and other harsh measures to clamp down on dissent . Rajab 's vocal opposition to the government 's violent crackdown on anti-regime protesters has made him a target . On March 20 , about 25 people in about a dozen cars pulled up to Rajab 's house and took him to the offices of the Interior Ministry 's investigative department . There , according to Rajab , he was beaten , blindfolded , and interrogated about an armed suspect they believed he knew . The government confirmed the arrest but provided no other details . Nine days ago , officials publicly accused Rajab of fabricating photos posted on his Facebook site of the body of Ali Isa Ibrahim Saqer , who died in detention on April 9 . The photos showed slash marks all over the victim 's back and other signs of physical abuse . A Human Rights Watch researcher saw Saqer 's body just prior to his burial and said the photos were accurate . Human Rights Watch said it knows of no other entity than Bahrain 's security forces that have access to the kind of grenades used in the attack on Rajab 's home . Rajab , according to Human Rights Watch , said that markings on the grenades show they were manufactured in Pennsylvania . Rajab , the organization stated , said everyone in the two houses that belong to the family was sleeping at the time . Rajab , according to Human Rights Watch , said the assailants tossed the grenades over a high wall surrounding his and his mother 's houses . Rajab is one of hundreds of Bahrainis to be arrested by security forces in recent weeks . The arrests , according to human rights activists , have often been violent and have taken place at night . Others arrested include Mohammed al-Tajer , a prominent defense attorney for various opposition figures . Al-Tajer was seized during a Friday raid on his home by more than two dozen uniformed and plainclothes officers . There was no reason given for his arrest , Human Rights Watch said . Another prominent Bahraini who was recently arrested is human rights activist Abdulhadi Al-Khawaja . Masked gunmen , according to human rights activists , stormed the home of Al-Khawaja 's daughter , Zainab , where he was staying . They beat him severely and took him away , she said . After the arrest , Zainab Al-Khawaja launched a hunger strike to protest the assault and detention of her father and her husband . She was taken to a hospital Sunday after her health had deteriorated so much that she could not talk or move , Rajab said . However , the woman was released after refusing an intravenous tube , a human rights activist told CNN .	The home of a Bahraini human rights activist is tear gassed Nabeel Rajab was not injured but his mother suffered "  great distress " Rajab is among hundreds of people who have been detained by police in recent weeks
CNN  -- Father 's Day holds a unique place in America 's culture . It was a bit of an afterthought , originating in 1910 -- some 40 years after Mother 's Day -- after a woman in Spokane , Washington , campaigned that dads needed to be honored , too , She was right . We could n't possibly ignore Dad . We love him , too . He deserves more than second billing . Still , we all know Mother gets the most attention . She gets the perfume , she gets the flowers , she gets the candy , the new dress , the heart-felt cards and even breakfast in bed ,  maybe  . It 's Dad who takes the kids and goes searching with them for Mother 's Day presents . But Dad ? Well , he gets a tie . Every year . Or maybe some T-shirts , golf balls , cologne , or a lounging shirt . A few joke greeting cards . Mom reminds the kids , and hands them a little money to shop with , saying , "  Get him something he 'll enjoy . " Yeah , it will be a tie . Or , if he 's lucky , his young ones may do a handmade gift . That ceramic cup that leans just slightly to the left . You know the one . Our public portrayal of fathers has shifted during my life . TV fathers have "  evolved ' from real people like Sheriff Andy Taylor , Beaver 's dad Ward Cleaver and Heathcliff "  Cliff " Huxtable , to cartoon dads like Homer Simpson , and Seth MacFarlane 's caricatures in "  American Dad ! " and "  Family Guy . " None of the latter are exactly the firm , wise , wisdom-dispensing fathers of the "  back-in-the-day " TV dads . But my dad was the real deal . He was a veteran . And he never allowed his nine kids to forget . Today 's fathers are having a rough go being kindly portrayed in the media . Thank God , we do we have President Barack Obama for a national model . He both dotes on and takes a firm loving hand to our first-family daughters . And every once in a while , he gets to parent a "  son . " I recall his having a sort of father-son talk with a crying boy who 'd lost an egg at the White House Easter Egg roll , telling him -- like a father -- to "  shake it off . " I also recall the President saying on TV , with Michelle sitting right beside him ,  foolish man  that he put more thought into his gifts , than he got back -- producing a very frosty look from the first lady . But , it was probably true . It was in my family . There are , of course , instances of bad fathers , men who were n't up to the job . Those who abandoned their kids , or were often drunk . Those who were present with necessities , yet absent from their children 's lives . God bless them for missing out on the most rewarding parts of being a male , and God bless their kids for surviving and maturing in spite of this . President Obama knows about this -- he was raised largely without his father -- as does Bill Clinton , whose father died three months before the 42nd president was born . It 's true you never know the full depth of a parent 's touch in your life until they 're gone . Even if you cared for them in their old age , there 's never a way to prepare yourself for the death of a parent . If you 're a girl , you 're always Daddy 's little girl . You 're vulnerable , no matter how worldly , or sophisticated , or strong you 'd become along the way . My dad , Lionel , let me know how proud he was , even as he kept me from being too big for my britches . My father would have celebrated his 83rd birthday this weekend . It 's been two years since his death , but I think of him every day . Lionel loved sports , he enjoyed cooking and loved his family . And most of all , he devoted most of his life to trying to help others . On this Father 's Day , I think of my Dad , my grandfathers , uncles and my two brothers who are good dads to their kids . I also think of all the fathers whose sons were taken in service to this nation . Lionel would approve of that . I think of the fathers of the boys and girls killed in Sandy Hook , and 74 school shootings since then . I think of all the fathers who 've lost daughters and sons to illnesses , or accidents -- far too often a father 's only child . I also think of the fathers whose sons turned mass murderers , despite every effort to parent a son who 'd make a good citizen . There ca n't be a worse hell on earth than that . Then , I turn my prayers and attention back to the fathers still parenting . I think and pray for the fathers across the nation who are raising America 's next generation , and of those still advising the current , grown up , generations . There 's no more important job in the world than raising a child , even when you 're the President . There 's no more important job than being a father . Happy Father 's Day to all the dads , granddads and soon-to-be-fathers . Happy Father 's Day . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile salutes her father and all the real fathers who were there for their kids Father 's Day was afterthought , but now first in her mind as she remembers her dad Lionel Brazile , a veteran , passed away two years ago , but his legacy lives on
CNN  -- For the 23rd and 24th time in less than two weeks , shots were fired at seemingly random targets in southeastern Michigan and , for the first time , someone was struck , police said . A driver suffered non-life-threatening injuries , details of which were not disclosed , when he was hit by a bullet around 12:20 p.m. ET west of Fowlerville , said Clarence Goodlein , director of public safety in Wixom and spokesman for the eight-agency task force investigating the shootings . After that incident -- which occurred about 35 minutes after another shooting , both affecting vehicles heading eastbound on Interstate 96 -- authorities shut down the highway , looking for evidence . It reopened shortly after 5 p.m. , without anyone in custody or a named suspect . Authorities investigate spate of roadways shootings in Michigan Michigan authorities have released a composite sketch of a man with short-cropped hair who they believe was involved in an October 18 shooting in Ingham County . And police have said they are looking for a black Ford Mustang with blue-tinted front lights and a racing stripe down the center , while other witnesses have pointed to an older-model Chevrolet Cavalier . Saturday 's highway shootings are the latest in a series that began October 16 in Wixom and a neighboring community . They have all occurred over a roughly 35-mile stretch west of Detroit . Goodlein said authorities have indications the suspect or suspects were themselves in vehicles when they fired at other vehicles that were driving in the opposite direction . What would motivate them to do so , however , is a mystery . "  We have no idea why these events are occurring , " Goodlein said . In one of the shootings , a man taking out his trash heard a bullet "  whizzing by his head , Oakland County Sheriff Michael Bouchard said earlier this month . In another , a bullet went through the driver 's side of a car , lodging inside the passenger-side door . And on one day , five vehicles were shot along the same road in a span of "  two to three minutes , " according to Goodlein . "  The scariest thing about it is the suspect , or suspects , are not targeting certain individuals , " said Brian Cheesvro , a detective with the Wixom police . The incidents have stirred memories of the D.C. sniper shootings , when 10 were killed and three wounded over a terrifying three-week span in October 2002 . John Allen Muhammad , the mastermind behind those shootings , was found guilty and executed in 2009 . Lee Boyd Malvo , who was 17 at the time , is serving a life sentence . Over the past two weeks , dozens of law enforcement officers have come together to form a task force to probe the Michigan shootings . Goodlein said about 500 leads have come in through a tip line , and he encouraged people to keep calling -- even if they are not sure whether their thoughts or observations will impact the investigation . "  Our experience has been ... that one piece of meaningless information , or what seems to be meaningless to someone , when it is combined with some other information ... becomes extremely valuable , " the chief said .	A driver suffers non-life-threatening injuries when he 's shot in southeastern Michigan 35 minutes earlier , a vehicle is struck by a bullet in the same area These are the 23rd and 24th shootings since October 16 in the area "  We have no idea why these events are occurring , " police official says
CNN  -- As many as 32 tourists who were trapped in South Africa 's Kruger National Park after torrential rains and flooding have been rescued , park officials said Thursday . At least 70 other tourists , including Italians and Britons , and 10 staff members who were trapped in the rising waters had already been evacuated from washed-away cars and flooded camps at the safari destination , the officials said . David Mabunda , the chief executive of South African National Parks , flew over the park Thursday to witness the extent of the damage . He says there were no serious injuries and no people or animals were killed . The most serious damage was to the infrastructure . "  Roads , bridges , culverts , water supply pumps have been washed away . Barring a few tents , there has been limited damage to the tourism facilities , " he said . At least 1,800 people are believed to have been in the park when the rain and flooding began Monday . The park has been declared 80 % operational and the repair work is expected to take less than six months to complete . "  The sun is shining now . The main roads are still accessible and that is where most of the highlights are , so people must continue to come to the park , " Mabunda told CNN . This is not the first time the Kruger , as it is popularly known , has been hit by floods . It took 10 months to repair the damage caused by rains in 2000 . Mabunda says this time , disaster management was more prepared and so were the park 's buildings . "  Our tourism facilities stood the test of the floods . The embankments and walls withstood the impact . The only problem we have now is water supply to the camps , which is a problem we are working on . We are also limiting day visitors in order to cope better . " Visitors already in the park were "  urged to exercise caution around rivers as crocodiles are likely to be in flat areas , " according to a statement on the South African National Parks website . The park plans to ask the government to help cover some of the repair costs . Kruger National Park , South Africa 's flagship big-game park and a top destination of foreign tourists , was established in 1898 . It covers more than 7,500 square miles and boasts hundreds of animal and plant species , according to the National Parks ' website .	NEW : 32 trapped tourists were rescued at the park Thursday Several camps were stranded after torrential rains fell Monday 80 people have already been evacuated from the Kruger National Park , officials say The park , well-known for its safaris , covers more than 7,500 square miles
CNN  -- Fans of "  Dancing With the Stars " know how grueling the competition can be . Contestants practice for hours a day , and almost every season some celebs are brought low by injury . So how in the world will Valerie Harper , who just months ago announced that she had a terminal form of cancer , go for that mirror ball trophy ? Apparently with the same spirit that caused the "  Rhoda " actress to offer this up for fans : "  I hope you dance ! I hope you dance , " Harper told CNN on Wednesday . " And that 's what I 'm saying to everybody , that 's just my message . Dance . " ` DWTS ' thinks big for 17th season cast Harper announced in March that she had been diagnosed with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis , a condition in which cancer cells spread into the membranes that surround the brain and spinal cord . But Harper told CNN that she does not have brain cancer . "  I have lung cancer , " she said . "  It is situated in the lining of the brain ; it 's not even in the brain . " Her husband , Tony Cacciotti , encouraged her to sign on with the hit ABC dance competition , she said . He runs the couple 's production company and had been considering her participation for a few years . The actress said she initially resisted the idea . "  I said , ` Give me one good reason , ' " Harper recalled . "  He said , ` You have cancer ! Get up there , and show people that you can dance and do -- and the doctors said it 's fine to exercise . Encourage people to move , to exercise , to do all the things that will be good for them , and mainly not to sit in the house and glower and worry and feel sorry for yourself because you have this disease and anything else . ' " Exercise is generally encouraged for patients , according to the American Cancer Society . "  At one time , patients with cancer , especially in the advanced stages , were often told by their doctor to rest and limit their exercise , " the organization 's website says . "  But newer research has shown that exercise is not only safe and possible during cancer treatment , but that it also can reduce symptoms and improve quality of life . " Actress Valerie Harper lives in the moment after cancer diagnosis Harper , 74 , said she has been responding well to treatment , though she disputed reports she is in remission . Thinking about death makes everyone fearful , she said , "  and we gloss it over ; we pretend it 's not happening , that it 's over there . " "  This death sentence made me look it in the eye , and then once you do it , it 's a great freedom , " she said . The show 's host , Tom Bergeron , said Harper is in great spirits , even joking with him that "  Hey , I 'm past my expiration date ! " "  I think arguably we have some of the  most  poignant story lines of all this season , particularly with Valerie , " he said . Harper 's dance partner for the show , Tristan MacManus , said the actress ' participation goes beyond her being ill . "  It 's not about someone who 's sick doing something , " he said . "  I think it 's just about someone who 's willing to do something . " CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this story	Valerie Harper announced in March she has terminal cancer The former "  Rhoda " star says she is responding well to treatment Actress says she hopes to encourage others by joining "  Dancing With the Stars "
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration has dramatically ratcheted up the American drone warfare program in Pakistan . Since President Obama took office , U.S. drone strikes have killed about a half-dozen militant leaders along with hundreds of other people , a quarter of whom were civilians . As a result of the unprecedented 42 strikes by drone aircraft into Pakistan authorized by the Obama administration , aimed at Taliban and al Qaeda networks based there , about a half-dozen leaders of militant organizations have been killed . The dead include two heads of Uzbek terrorist groups allied with al Qaeda and Baitullah Mehsud , the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , in addition to hundreds of lower-level militants and civilians , according to our analysis . The number of civilian deaths caused by the drones is an important issue , because in the charged political atmosphere of today 's Pakistan , where anti-Americanism is rampant , the drone program is a particular cause of anger among those who see it as an infringement on Pakistan 's sovereignty . A Gallup poll in August found that only 9 percent of Pakistanis favored the strikes , and two-thirds opposed them . And , according to Philip Alston , a U.N. human rights investigator , the use of drones to carry out targeted assassinations that end up killing civilians may well violate international law . On Tuesday at a news conference in New York , Alston publicly warned that unless the Obama administration explains what the legal basis is for selecting the individuals targeted by drone attacks , "  it will increasingly be perceived as carrying out indiscriminate killings in violation of international law . " An important factor in the controversy over the drones , put forth by some commentators , is the widespread perception that they kill large numbers of Pakistani civilians . Amir Mir , a leading Pakistani journalist , wrote in The News in April that since January 2006 , American drone attacks had killed "  687 innocent Pakistani civilians . " A month later , a similar claim was made in the New York Times by counterinsurgency experts David Kilcullen and Andrew Exum , who wrote that drone strikes had "  killed some 700 civilians . This is 50 civilians for every militant killed , a hit rate of 2 percent . " In other words , in their analysis , 98 percent of those killed in drone attacks were civilians . Kilcullen and Exum advocated a moratorium on the strikes because of the "  public outrage " they arouse . A very different picture was presented this month by the Long War Journal , an American blog that closely tracks terrorist groups , in particular al Qaeda and the Taliban . Bill Roggio , the editor of Long War Journal , concluded that according to his close analysis of the drone strikes , only 10 percent of those killed were civilians . Our analysis suggests quite different conclusions than those of either Kilcullen and Exum or the Long War Journal . But first , a word on our methodology . Our analysis of the drone campaign is based only on accounts from reliable media organizations with substantial reporting capabilities in Pakistan . We restricted our analysis to reports in the New York Times , Washington Post and Wall Street Journal ; accounts by major news services and networks -- the Associated Press , Reuters , Agence France-Presse , CNN and the BBC -- and reports in the leading English-language newspapers in Pakistan -- The Daily Times , Dawn and The News -- as well as those from Geo TV , the largest independent Pakistani television network .  Links to all those individual reports can be found here . The news organizations we relied upon collectively for our data cover the drone strikes as accurately and aggressively as possible . And though we do n't pretend that our study is accurate down to the last civilian death in every drone strike , we posit that our research has generated some quite reliable data on the number of militant leaders killed , a fairly good estimate of the number of lower-level militants killed and a reliable sense of the real civilian death rate . Since 2006 , our analysis indicates , 83 U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan have killed between 760 and 1,050 people . Among them were about 20 leaders of al Qaeda , the Taliban and allied groups , all of whom have been killed since January 2008 . It is not possible to differentiate precisely between militant and civilian casualties , because the militants live among the population and do n't wear uniforms and because the militants have the incentive to claim that all the casualties were civilians , but government sources tend to claim the opposite . However , of those killed in drone attacks from 2006 through mid-October 2009 , approximately 500 to 720 were described in reliable press reports as militants , or roughly two-thirds of the total killed . Based on our count of the estimated number of militants killed , the real total of civilian deaths since 2006 appears to be in the range of 260 to 320 , or one-third of those killed . That finding tracks with polling by the Aryana Institute for Regional Research and Advocacy , described by The News of Pakistan as "  a think tank of researchers and political activists " that works in the Pakistani tribal region along the Afghan border , where the drone attacks have consistently taken place . It found that more than half the people surveyed in winter 2008 in this region , known as the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , said the drone strikes were accurate and were damaging the militant organizations based there . Under President Obama , the strikes have taken out at most half a dozen militant leaders while killing approximately 450 other people . Of those , about 75 percent are reported to have been lower-level militants , and about a quarter appear to have been civilians . The strikes appear to have killed a slightly lower percentage of civilians in the past nine months than during the earlier years of the American drone campaign in Pakistan . Obama , far from curtailing the drone program he inherited from President George W. Bush , has dramatically increased the number of U.S. Predator and Reaper drone strikes . There have been 44 strikes in Pakistan this year  two while Bush was still in office  , compared with 34 in all of 2008 . None of the strikes under either Bush or Obama has targeted Osama bin Laden , who seems to have vanished like a wraith . The leader of the Pakistani Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , the mastermind of Benazir Bhutto 's December 2007 assassination and many of the suicide bombings in Afghanistan , was a frequent target of the drone attacks . Under Obama , according to our analysis , 15 drone strikes specifically targeted Mehsud . But he still did n't see it coming . On August 5 , Mehsud , a diabetic former gym instructor , was receiving a leg massage on the roof of a house in South Waziristan when a missile from a drone slammed into his hideout , killing one of his wives , her father and the terrorist chief himself . The Pakistani press was jubilant . "  Good Riddance , Killer Baitullah " was the lead headline in the quality Dawn newspaper . Much of the previous coverage in Pakistan of U.S. drone strikes in the tribal region had ranged from critical to downright hostile . But in the case of Mehsud , U.S. strategic interests and Pakistani interests were closely aligned because the Pakistani Taliban 's victims included not only Bhutto , the country 's most popular politician , but hundreds of Pakistani policemen , soldiers and civilians . As the drone attacks have put al Qaeda and allied groups under increased pressure , law enforcement authorities have uncovered few serious plots against U.S. or European targets that are traceable back to militants who had trained in Pakistan 's tribal regions since summer 2008 , when the drone program was first expanded . A major exception is Najibullah Zazi , a onetime coffee-cart operator on Wall Street who later worked as a shuttle van driver at the Denver , Colorado , airport . Authorities say Zazi , an Afghan immigrant , was planning to launch this fall what could have been the deadliest terrorist attack in the United States since September 11 . He had traveled in late August 2008 to Pakistan , where by his own admission he was trained in explosives by al Qaeda members in a tribal area along the Afghan border . The FBI found pages of handwritten notes on Zazi 's laptop computer about the manufacture and initiation of explosives and the components of various detonators and fusing systems , technical know-how he had picked up at one of al Qaeda 's training facilities between late summer 2008 and January 2009 , a period of intensified drone attacks . Drone strikes are an important tool to disrupt al Qaeda and Taliban operations and to kill the leaders of these organizations , but they also consistently kill Pakistani civilians , angering the population and prompting violent acts of revenge from the Pakistani Taliban . For the time being , however , they appear to be the least bad option the United States has for reducing the threat from Pakistan 's militants , given that an American ground assault into Pakistan 's tribal regions is out of the question and that U.S. and Pakistani strategic interests are more closely aligned today than they have been in years because of the two countries ' shared interest in attacking the Pakistani Taliban and their al Qaeda allies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen and Katherine Tiedemann . For more on the New America Foundation study , read here .	Co-authors : President Obama stepped up drone attacks in Pakistan They say roughly a quarter of those killed appear to be civilians Drone attacks are the least bad option for the U.S. vs. militants , they say
Being a highly productive , contributing member of society demands effort and commitment . It requires sacrifice and a passion for teamwork . Basically , I 'm not interested . On the other hand , I 'm wildly enthusiastic about napping . Which does literally nothing for the betterment of the world , unless you take solace in the fact that at least I 'm not walking around touching things . But I really do enjoy my regularly scheduled naps . So much so , in fact , that my close friends know not to call between 2 and 4 p.m. on the weekends . The "  baby " is sleeping . And that 's why I was rather excited this week to discover all the social media buzz over the amazing new Ostrich Pillow . Essentially , it 's a soft , padded tube in which you can bury your entire head to take a nap , so long as you do n't mind burying your entire head in a soft , padded tube . Of course , there 's really no way you should already know whether this is something you like . "  What ? You have n't tried ? " The creators actually call it a microenvironment , but I think that sounds a little too much like they 're describing the inside of my colon . Which is a little unsettling . You know , as opposed to a soft ... padded ... tube . OK , so it 's pretty much the same thing . Regardless , I did some serious soul searching -- I pictured myself wearing it in public situations like at an airport or a bris -- and decided that , yes , I 'm totally down for living in this tube . It 's so stupendous ! Seriously . It really is . And as a bonus , in addition to the small face opening for breathing , the hand holes at the top kind of make you look like Admiral Ackbar from "  Star Wars . " "  It 's a nap ! " The Ostrich Pillow was conceptualized by the European design duo kawamura-ganjavian , who wanted to find a creative way to provide people with the health and productivity benefits commonly associated with power napping . Power napping is a lot like normal napping , only when you 're done with a power nap , you 're expected to actually do stuff . When you wake up from a normal nap , it 's completely OK to glance around the room , confirm that John Hodgman riding a unicorn was just an amazing dream , and then roll over to fall back asleep . But the Ostrich Pillow is specifically designed for those shorter periods of rest -- the power naps -- and the creators boast that their invention allows you to sleep anytime , anywhere by creating a "  little private space within a public one , to relax and unwind . " Right now , the product is in the middle of a one-month run on the crowd-funding website Kickstarter , where the creators were hoping to raise $ 70,000 to get the project off the ground . The current haul is more than $ 130,000 . Which according to my calculations is ... more . Perhaps this says a lot about people 's attitudes toward napping and the importance of taking a little siesta during the busy workday . The official sales pitch for the Ostrich Pillow even claims that a 20-minute power nap can increase productivity by 37 % . Amazing ! I can only dream of all the things I would get done at the office if I actually worked at 37 % productivity . And to think , all I need is a quick nap as soon as I get to my desk . "  Let 's start the morning meeting . Where 's Bellini ? " "  Wearing his tube , mentally preparing to give us slightly less than 50 % . " By and large , the Ostrich Pillow seems like a great idea . It 's dark . It 's cozy . It has a place for your hands . But the big question is whether people will actually wear it in public . And we really ca n't say yes or no based on what I would do , since a better assessment would come from somebody who actually has the ability to feel shame . Nevertheless , I 'm still hoping to get my hands on one of these to give it a proper test drive . But , until then , if you need me , I 'll be sleeping under my desk . "  Let 's start the morning meeting . Where 's Bellini ? " "  Who cares . "	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at stories trending on the Web This week , Jarrett ponders the appeal of the viral Ostrich Pillow The project has raised more than $ 130,000 on Kickstarter Creators claim a nap with the pillow makes you 37 % more efficient
CNN  -- Arnold Schwarzenegger is , uh , back . And so is the whole "  Terminator " universe : morphing machines , the industrious version of Sarah Connor and a sometimes-befuddled Kyle Reese . The trailer for "  Terminator : Genisys " hit the Web on Thursday , and it appears to have amped up the action to video game levels . How else to explain Schwarzenegger 's old-style Terminator -- who has apparently raised young Sarah -- hurtling through the air into the blades of a helicopter ?  It 's OK . He 'll repair himself , right ? Right ? Of course , there are still the "  Terminator " touchstones : post-apocalyptic landscapes , a naked Reese showing up in 1980s Los Angeles , crazy physics-defying stunts  how about that school bus ?  and a blade-equipped T-1000 . And , yes , Schwarzenegger , looking a little older but still as determined as ever . "  I 'll be back , " he says before leaping into that helicopter . "  Terminator : Genisys " has some changes in store , producer David Ellison told EW in October . "  Since  Sarah Connor  was 9 years old , she has been told everything that was supposed to happen , " he said . "  But Sarah fundamentally rejects that destiny . She says , ` That 's not what I want to do . ' It 's her decision that drives the story in a very different direction . " The film stars Emilia Clarke as Connor and Jai Courtney as Reese . It 's scheduled to open July 1 .	"  Terminator : Genisys " trailer shows older Arnold Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger is still in fighting form , plunging into helicopter New film is due out in July
CNN  -- A court hearing in Philadelphia took an unforeseen turn when a witness , testifying about the consequences of losing his left eye in an alleged assault , began crying and his prosthetic eyeball popped out of its socket and into his hand , unsettling the jury and resulting in a mistrial , according to attorneys involved . "  I 've been a prosecutor for 26 years and I 've never seen anything like that happen . It was unusual ; it was shocking , " said Philadelphia Assistant District Attorney Mark Gilson , who is prosecuting Mathew Brunelli , 23 , charged with aggravated assault , for allegedly stabbing John Huttick in the eye during a bar fight in August 2011 . The eye had to be surgically removed , Gilson said . "  He was crying , and when it came out , he caught in his hand and just held it there , " said defense attorney Eileen J. Hurley , "  It was a shocking event to witness . " "  Two jurors visibly gasped and jumped up like they were getting out of their seats , " Hurley said . "  The judge had to call recess and let everyone take a breath , " Gilson added . Hurley said after the recess , she felt the trial could n't go on because the event could generate extra sympathy for Huttick , prejudicing the jury against Brunelli . "  A bell like that ca n't be unrung , " Hurley said . Judge Robert P. Coleman granted Hurley 's request for a mistrial . "  Let 's face it ; it was no secret . The evidence shows the victim was stabbed in the eye . There is medical testimony . Everyone knew  Huttick  has a prosthetic eye , " said Gilson . "  I do n't think it was enough to declare a mistrial , but it 's at the discretion of the judge , so we have to start over . " Hurley contends her client did n't stab anyone . "  My client was trying to defend himself and his girlfriend and trying to leave , " she said , noting that Huttick is much taller and weighs much more than Brunelli . "  He was not arrested that night , and criminal charges were n't filed until months later when  Huttick  filed a civil suit against my client , " she added . "  We have an expert that will say it was just a fist . " "  The issue is settled ; he admitted he punched the victim and caused the injuries , but claims there was no weapon , " said Gilson , "  That 's just unbelievable . The man 's eye had a puncture wound . That 's not a punch . " The case is set to be retried March 4 .	John Huttick lost his prosthetic eye while testifying in a court hearing about an assault Mathew Brunelli is accused of stabbing Huttick in the eye during a bar fight "  A bell like that ca n't be unrung , " defense attorney Eileen J. Hurley says Judge grants Hurley 's request for a mistrial ; case is set to be retried March 4
CNN  While the fight against ISIS in Syria and Iraq holds the world 's gaze , a simultaneous transformation is getting less attention : the deterioration of al Qaeda . In an audio message released Sunday , al Qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders , known as Ustad Ahmad Farooq and Qari Abdullah Mansur , were killed in CIA drone strikes in January in North Waziristan , near the Afghan-Pakistan border . Farooq 's real name was Raja Mohammad Suleman , al Qaeda said . He was a Pakistani who acted as the group 's liaison to the Pakistan Taliban and was the deputy commander of al Qaeda 's South Asia branch .  Mansur 's real name was Qari Ubaidullah , a Pakistani who oversaw suicide missions against U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan  . Al Qaeda 's South Asia branch is relatively new , announced with some fanfare back in September by al Qaeda 's top leader , Ayman al-Zawahiri . The creation of the terror group 's South Asia branch was seen by some terrorism analysts as an attempt to steal some of the limelight from ISIS , which is embroiled in a public dispute with al Qaeda for leadership of the global jihad movement . The deaths of the two men continue the decimation of al Qaeda 's bench of leaders . On Monday , in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi , local al Qaeda commander Nurul Hassan was killed in a raid , said Arif Hanif , district inspector general of police . Florida-raised Adnan Shukrijumah , 39 , who was in charge of al Qaeda 's operations to attack the West , was killed in December in a Pakistani military operation . Texas-born Mohanad Mahmoud Al Farekh , who also played a planning role for al Qaeda 's operations , was arrested in Pakistan last year . The deaths of Ubaidullah and Suleman underline the fact that there are almost no top leaders of al Qaeda left except al-Zawahiri . Both Ubaidullah and Suleman were Pakistani . This is an indicator of how al Qaeda has become a largely Pakistan-focused group , increasingly able to do nothing of any significance outside of Pakistan or Afghanistan . Indeed , al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West . The last successful al Qaeda attack in the West was the London transportation system bombings a decade ago . Al Qaeda is now reduced only to holding American hostages such as 73-year-old aid worker Warren Weinstein , who was kidnapped from his home in the Pakistani city of Lahore on August 13 , 2011 . To be sure , al Qaeda 's Yemen-based affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , continues to pose a threat to American aviation . The group has built hard-to-detect bombs , which it has placed on U.S.-bound flights . Luckily , those bombs were faulty or were detected . The group also trained one of the gunmen who attacked the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris in January , killing 12 , but it 's not clear if AQAP had any direct role in planning this attack . Meanwhile , ISIS continues to attract Western recruits and also inspire "  homegrown " terrorists in the West , but the core al Qaeda organization that killed almost 3,000 men , women and children on 9/11 is on life support . Al Qaeda 's confirmation of the deaths of Ubaidullah and Suleman is just one of the latest pieces of evidence for this assessment .	Al Qaeda confirms that two of its leaders were killed in January drone strikes Other leaders have been killed or captured recently The terrorist group 's capacity to carry out attacks in the West has been greatly diminished
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Americans appear split over President Barack Obama 's health care proposals , according to a new national poll . Sen. Harry Reid , center , talks about health care flanked by Sens. Christopher Dodd , left , and Charles Schumer . Fifty percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday morning say they support the president 's plans , with 45 percent opposed . The results indicate a generational divide . "  Obama 's plan is most popular among younger Americans and least popular among senior citizens , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  A majority of Americans over the age of 50 oppose Obama 's plan ; a majority of those under 50 support it . " Read full transcript of poll The poll 's release comes as lawmakers go back to their home districts and states for summer recess . The House of Representatives is already on break and the Senate heads home at the end of the week . Some lawmakers are holding town hall meetings or other public forums on health care reform over the next few weeks , where voters will get a chance to speak out about the various proposals for change . The poll indicates that seven in 10 Americans say they 're very or somewhat likely to attend such events . "  Nearly half of those who oppose the Obama plan say they are more likely to attend town hall meetings to express their views on health care ; only 37 percent of those who support Obama 's plan are very likely to attend a public forum on that issue , " Holland said . The poll indicates that only three in 10 of all Americans think the president 's health care proposals will help their families . Another 44 percent feel they wo n't benefit but that other families will be helped by the president 's plans , and one in five say no one will be helped . "  Less than a quarter of Americans with private health insurance think that Obama 's proposals would help them personally . Most people on Medicare and Medicaid also do n't think that the Obama plan will help them , " Holland said . The survey suggests that around seven out of 10 Americans think that major structural changes are necessary to reduce health care costs or provide insurance coverage to all Americans . At the same time , more than eight out of 10 people are satisfied with their own health care and nearly three out of four are happy with their own insurance . In any health care system , tough decisions that affect individual patients -- such as which people get certain treatments and which treatments are too expensive or ineffective -- must be made . The poll suggests that Americans are split on whom they prefer to make such choices , with 40 percent saying it should be the insurance companies and an equal amount believing that the government should make the call . The battle over health care is registering with people across the country . According to the survey , more than half of all Americans have strong feelings regarding the health care debate , with about a third saying they strongly oppose Obama 's plans and 23 percent strongly in favor . "  On issues like this , intensity of opinion matters as much as numbers . Opponents of the president 's health care reform seem to feel more intensely about it than Obama 's supporters , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted Friday through Monday , with 1,136 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll : Americans divided on Obama health care plans Poll indicates 50 percent support , 45 percent oppose proposals Results indicate it 's less popular with seniors , more so with young people Split on who should make tough calls : insurance companies or government
CNN  Nick Gordon , Bobbi Kristina Brown 's boyfriend , says he hates her father , singer Bobby Brown . The conflict is one of many revelations in a newly released promo for an upcoming episode of "  The Dr. Phil Show . " In the clip , Gordon cries and laments missing Bobbi Kristina and her mother , the late Whitney Houston . "  I miss Krissy and Whitney so much , " a tearful Gordon says . "  I want them back . " Brown was found unresponsive in a bathtub on January 31 at her home in Roswell , Georgia . She has remained hospitalized after doctors placed her in a medically induced coma . Police have said they are treating her case as a criminal investigation . Gordon , who tweeted that he gave Brown CPR after finding her in the tub , has complained via social media about not being allowed to see her . "  Let me be very clear , Mr. Gordon was offered an opportunity to potentially visit Bobbi Kristina and he declined to meet the terms of any possible visit , " Bobby Brown said last month in a statement through his lawyers . The terms were not revealed . "  In an effort to do all he can to visit , Nick has repeatedly offered to meet with Mr. Brown privately to discuss his request in person , rather than through lawyers , " lawyers Randall M. Kessler and Joe S. Habachy said in a statement . "  Those offers have also been rejected . We hope Mr. Brown has a change of heart . " Gordon began living with Houston and her daughter after the superstar singer took him in when he was a teen . After her death , he and Bobbi Kristina became romantically involved . In a Facebook post on Friday , Bobbi Kristina 's aunt Leolah Brown wrote an open letter to Dr. Phil , claiming that Gordon is being investigated by the police regarding what happened to her niece . "  If Nick Gordon does not have the courage to speak with my brother Bobby Brown and/or law enforcement about what happened the day my niece 's body was found in a bathtub , he does not deserve to have a platform to speak to anyone of your caliber until this investigation is concluded , " she wrote . Gordon appears with his mother in the "  Dr. Phil " clip , and the talk show host questions his sobriety . "  You 've been drinking a lot though , right ? " Dr. Phil asks before telling Gordon , "  I want you to go straight to rehab . " According to People , Gordon did check into rehab after filming . The episode is scheduled to air Wednesday .	Gordon taped an episode of "  The Dr. Phil Show " that airs this week A clip shows him distraught over Bobbi Kristina Brown He has checked into rehab , People magazine reports
CNN  -- More then three years after a suspected cop killer died while in solitary confinement at a Maryland jail , a federal grand jury Thursday indicted a former jail guard in connection with the case . Anthony McIntosh , 48 , a former corporal at the Prince George 's County Detention Center outside of Washington , is charged with deprivation of civil rights and falsifying records in the June 29 , 2008 , death of Ronnie White . Prosecutors allege McIntosh failed to call for medical attention when he found White unresponsive in his cell . They also accuse him of attempting to cover up his involvement in the matter . White , 19 , had been arrested two days earlier , charged with first-degree murder for allegedly running down Prince George 's County Police Cpl. Richard Findley with a stolen truck . White passed a physical examination when he was admitted to the jail , was checked regularly in his solitary confinement cell , and was fine at 10:15 a.m. the day of his death , authorities said at the time . But when guards brought him his lunch 20 minutes later , he had no pulse . Initially , authorities said there was no sign of visible trauma to White , but an autopsy later revealed he died of asphyxiation and had two broken bones in his neck . Experts said it is virtually impossible for a person to strangle himself with his own hands . Seven corrections officials and an unspecified number of supervisors were the only ones authorized to be in White 's cell , authorities said . Community leaders at the time decried White 's death as "  vigilante justice , " and many voiced suspicions that jailers had killed him . The indictment sidesteps the question of who , if anyone , killed White . But it says that McIntosh discovered White in his cell unresponsive , but "  walked away without providing medical care " or notifying anyone . McIntosh thereby acted "  with deliberate indifference to a substantial risk of harm to  White  , and resulting in bodily injury to , and the death of  White  , " the indictment reads . That inaction deprived  White  of his constitutional rights , which includes an inmate 's right "  to be free from a correctional officer 's deliberate indifference to his serious medical needs , " the indictment said . McIntosh later concealed material facts when he wrote up incident reports , the indictment says . Specifically , McIntosh stated in his report that a corporal informed him White was unresponsive in his cell , but omitted that McIntosh had previously discovered him unresponsive and had left without notifying anyone . McIntosh was arrested Thursday in New York City by the FBI , the Department of Justice said . McIntosh faces a maximum penalty of life in prison for the civil rights offense . He faces up to 20 years in prison on each of two counts of falsification of records . The maximum fine for each count is $ 250,000 . CNN was unable to identify and contact an attorney representing McIntosh . The case is being investigated by the Baltimore Division of the FBI and is being prosecuted by the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice .	Anthony McIntosh , 48 , charged with depriving inmate of his civil rights , falsifying records McIntosh found Mayland jail inmate unresponsive and notified no one , indictment reads Ronnie White , 19 , had asphyxiated and had broken bones in his neck , autopsy showed
CNN  -- Dozens of African Union soldiers have been killed in two weeks of fierce fighting in Somali capital of Mogadishu , clashes that resulted in significant gains against local and foreign extremists , according to an African Union official familiar with the scale of those losses . The fighting was part of a major offensive by Ugandan and Burundian forces , who are part of the African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  , against Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked extremist group trying to take over the weak transitional federal government and implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . AMISOM officials said they would not specify exactly how many soldiers have been killed or wounded in the operations until the families and contributing countries were properly notified . Also , they did n't detail Al-Shabaab losses . "  This loss of life comes in an intently meaningful and honorable victory , one which will ensure that many more lives will be saved in the long run , " Wafula Wamunyinyi , a senior AMISOM official , told reporters in Nairobi , Kenya . "  The positions that we have seized in the past week break the grip of extremist militants in the city . We have taken a very important step towards the stabilization of Mogadishu and in pursuit of a day many deemed impossible -- the day when law and order returns to Mogadishu , " Wamunyini said . The operations began on February 19 with the clearance of a network of urban trenches by Ugandan forces . That battle uncovered further proof that foreign fighters are playing a key role in the leadership of Al-Shabaab , originally a homegrown Somali movement . According to AMISOM , several key foreign fighters were killed in the operation . "  Al-Shabaab is organized like an Al Qaeda operation , " said force commander Maj. Gen. Nathan Mugisha , "  their tactics are replicated from Afghanistan . " On February 23 , Burundian forces successfully took two key Al-Shabaab positions in fierce fighting -- the former Ministry of Defense buildings  known as Gashindiga  and the former milk factory , according to Mugisha . Located in northeastern Africa , Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine-ravaged country . One U.N. humanitarian official said on Friday voiced urgent concern about the "  increased displacement " caused by the fighting and the effects of drought there , said Valerie Amos , under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs . She visited Somalia last month and talked to reporters on Friday . "  I again urge all parties to the conflict and AMISOM  the African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia  to comply with international humanitarian law in order to minimize harm to the civilians , " Amos said .	The fighting was part of a major offensive The operation began February 19 Ugandans and Burundians are part of the AU mission
CNN  -- The first pictures from NASA 's Mars Phoenix Lander , which successfully touched down near Mars ' north pole Sunday , showed a pattern of brown polygons as far as the camera could see . The Mars Phoenix Lander took this image of the planet 's surface at its landing site Sunday . "  It 's surprisingly close to what we expected and that 's what surprises me most , " said Peter Smith , the mission 's principal investigator . "  I expected a bigger surprise . " The landing on the Red Planet 's arctic plains -- which ended a 296-day journey -- was right on target , a feat NASA 's Ed Weiler compared to landing a hole-in-one with a golf ball from 10,000 miles . The landing -- dubbed the "  seven minutes of terror " -- was a nerve-wracking experience for mission managers , who have witnessed the failure of similar missions . In mission control at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , they celebrated the lander 's much-anticipated entry . "  It was better than we could have imagined , " Barry Goldstein , project manager for the Phoenix mission , told CNN . Watch the celebration at mission control " The Phoenix 's 90-day mission is to analyze the soils and permafrost of Mars ' arctic tundra for signs of past or present life . The lander is equipped with a robotic arm capable of scooping up ice and dirt to look for organic evidence that life once existed there , or even exists now . "  We are not going to be able to answer the final question of is there life on Mars , " said principal investigator Peter Smith , an optical scientist with the University of Arizona . "  We will take the next important step . We 'll find out if there 's organic material associated with this ice in the polar regions . Ice is a preserver , and if there ever were organics on Mars and they got into that ice , they will still be there today . " The twin to the Mars Polar Lander spacecraft , Phoenix was supposed to travel to Mars in 2001 as the Mars Surveyor spacecraft . They were originally part of the "  better , faster , cheaper " program , formulated by then-NASA Administrator Dan Goldin to beef up planetary exploration on a lean budget . But Polar malfunctioned during its descent into Mars ' atmosphere in 1999 and crashed . An investigation concluded that as many as a dozen design flaws or malfunctions doomed the spacecraft . The failure of that mission , as well as another spacecraft called the Mars Climate Orbiter the same year , led to NASA to put future missions on hold and rethink the "  better , faster , cheaper " approach . Mars Surveyor went to the warehouse . Watch the challenges the mission faced " But all was not lost . In 2003 , Smith proposed a plan to re-engineer the Mars Surveyor and fly it on a mission to look for signatures of life in the ice and dirt of Mars far North . Mars Phoenix , literally and figuratively , rose from the ashes of Surveyor . Engineers set to work , testing and retesting the onboard system to ferret out and fix all the flaws they could find . iReport.com : Send your photos , video of space "  We always have to be scared to death , " Goldstein said . "  The minute we lose fear is the minute that we stop looking for the next problem . " The team was concerned about the Phoenix landing system . NASA had not successfully landed a probe on Mars using landing legs and stabilizing thrusters since the Viking missions in the late 1970s . The other three successful Mars landings -- Pathfinder in 1997 and the Spirit and Opportunity rovers in 2004 -- used massive airbags that inflated around the landing craft just before landing to cushion the impact . Learn about NASA 's past missions to Mars " The Phoenix does n't have airbags because the lander is too big and heavy for them to work properly . Its landing site was targeted for the far northern plains of Mars , near the northern polar ice cap . Data from the Mars Odyssey spacecraft indicate large quantities of ice there , likely in the form of permafrost , either on the surface or just barely underground . "  Follow the water " has become the unifying theme of NASA 's Mars exploration strategy . In 2004 , the rover Opportunity found evidence that a salty sea once lapped the shores of an area near Mars ' equator called Meridiani Planum . Astrobiologists generally agree that it 's best to look for life in wet places . CNN 's Kate Tobin contributed to this report .	The Mars Phoenix Lander landed on Mars on Sunday Phoenix mission is to analyze planet 's soils to find signs of life Experts were n't optimistic about a smooth landing Getting lander on Mars was dubbed the "  7 minutes of terror "
The Frisky  -- In elementary school , I was the only kid in my class whose favorite Ninja Turtle was Donatello . Later , I was the only one of my girlfriends who chose Jon Knight as her favorite New Kid on the Block . In other words , I have a thing for the runt of the litter . And the current runt of the pop culture litter is Miranda Hobbes , the one who nobody picks as their favorite "  Sex and the City " character . The Frisky : The 10 worst TV moms As much as I love to loathe the show , I 've always liked Miranda 's character the best . I ca n't relate to rich women who quit their jobs when they get married , underpaid writers who waste all their money on shoes instead of investing in a 401  k  , or chicks who are interested in a new dude every 10 minutes . But Miranda ? She 's a human being who could actually exist in real life , not just on a fancy , fluffy TV show . She was often imperfect or badly dressed , and sometimes she said dumb stuff on dates . Sadly , it 's her humanity that makes her the least appealing to many people . If entertainment is aspirational , no woman wants to see a fictionalized version of herself . The Frisky : Jesse James says he "  wanted to get caught " Mirandas are not as vocal as Carries or as bold as Samanthas , but we 're out there . As a Miranda , I tend to date beta males , focus almost to the point of obsession on my career , wear shoes that are more practical than sexy , and proudly call myself a feminist . I 'm also fond of dark humor  how Miranda managed to stand Charlotte 's perpetually sunny demeanor I will never understand  . While she often came off as "  the angry one , " she was capable of incredible empathy and kindness . I challenge anyone to watch the scenes of her caring for Steve 's elderly mother and not feel the same way . -LSB- SPOILER ALERT -RSB- In "  Sex and the City 2 , " she does something she 's needed to do for ages : She quits her corporate law firm gig for a low-key job that will enable her to spend more time with her friends and family . In terms of attaining work-life balance , Miranda does it the best of them all . Is n't that everyone 's dream ? The Frisky : Stars who are way opposite of the characters they play Of all the "  girls , " Miranda is the only one I can see myself hanging out with in real life . It would n't be a contest to see who could come up with the craziest outfit or drink the most ridiculous cocktails at an overpriced trendy nightspot . We 'd hang out at home , rent movies to snark on , and eat junk food without feeling guilty  even if it came from out of the trash can  . In other words ? I 'm a Miranda , and I 'm proud of it . I may not be the most glamorous girl at the party , but I always have a good time . I know which people in my life I can count on , and my feet hurt way less at the end of the night . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Columnist identifies with Miranda character in "  Sex and the City 2 " Miranda often imperfect or badly dressed , and sometimes said dumb stuff on dates She also focuses on career and dates beta males and wears practical shoes
The attorney for a Florida man who shot at a car of teens over the weekend , killing one , says the incident bears no resemblance to the Trayvon Martin case . Her client , Michael Dunn , is no "  vigilante " but did feel threatened and shot out of "  self defense , " the attorney said . "  There are no comparisons to the Trayvon Martin situation , " said Robin Lemonidis , Dunn 's attorney . "  He is devastated and horrified by the death of the teen . " Dunn , 45 , was denied bond Monday on a murder charge stemming from the weekend shooting in Jacksonville . The violence was sparked by a confrontation about loud music at a gas station , the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office said . Dunn told authorities that he had asked the teens to turn down the blaring music from their vehicle adjacent to his , as he waited for his girlfriend to return to the car . He heard threats from the teens , Dunn told police , he felt threatened and thought he saw a gun in the teens ' car . He grabbed his gun and fired at least eight shots , authorities said . Seventeen-year-old Jordan Davis , among the teens , was killed . There were no guns found inside the teens ' car , the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office said . Ron Davis , the victim 's father , said he is devastated and does n't believe the shooting was self defense . "  He did something that there was no defense for , " the father said of the suspect . Ron Davis said his son did n't own any guns , was n't part of a gang and was a good kid . When Dunn pulled out the gun , the teens ' initially thought it was a fake then frantically tried to back up the car before being caught in the gunfire , Ron Davis said . The father said he talked to two of the teens who were in the car , and they are "  really shaken . " Jordan 's body will be moved to Atlanta , the home of his mother , on Thursday , before a Saturday funeral . Some have compared this incident to the Trayvon Martin case , the shooting of an unarmed Florida teen earlier this year that sparked nationwide protests and inflamed public passions over race relations and gun control . Martin 's shooting also focused a spotlight on Florida 's controversial "  Stand Your Ground " law , which allows the use of deadly force when a person perceives a threat to safety . Similar to Trayvon Martin , Davis was 17 and African American . But Dunn 's attorney said her client 's action should not be compared to George Zimmerman , the volunteer neighborhood watchman who is charged with second-degree murder in the February 26 shooting death of Martin in Sanford , Florida . "  That 's ridiculous . Michael is not a vigilante , " the attorney said . "  He 's a brilliant software developer . It was never his intention to kill anyone . " The attorney said she is contemplating what defense she will use if the case goes to trial . "  Self defense applies because Mr. Dunn was threatened , " Lemonidis said . "  We ca n't say what the defense will be at this stage ... but stand your ground is a possibility . "	A 17-year-old is dead after a weekend shooting in a gas station parking lot A Florida man is facing a murder charge The suspect 's attorney says her client reacted after he felt threatened by teens The encounter began with the suspect complaining about the teens ' loud music , police say
CNN  -- When it was first invented , soda pop was a treat most people had once in a while for special occasions . Now it 's a daily fixture in American life -- in bright containers glowing inside vending machines , chugged from 32-ounce bucket-like containers at self-service stations and served as the default beverage in fast-food meals . In today 's carbonation nation , half of the U.S. population over age 2 consumes sugary drinks daily , according to a report released by National Center for Health Statistics . The sugary drinks include sodas , sweetened waters , and energy , sports and fruit beverages . Not included in the total were diet drinks , 100 % fruit juices , sweetened teas and flavored milk . The report states that sugary drinks have been linked to "  poor diet quality , weight gain , obesity , and in adults , type 2 diabetes . " Male teens are the most frequent consumers and guzzle about 252 to 273 calories every day from various drinks , the report says . Their one-day consumption is more than half the weekly intake suggested by the American Heart Association , which recommends no more than three 12-ounce cans of soda in one week  equivalent to 450 calories  . The consumption of such sugary drinks has increased over the last 30 years , the report stated . A 2003 study published in the Journal of the American Dietetic Association found that soda drinking for youths between the ages of 6 and 17 was at 37 % in the 1970s and then 56 % in the 1990s . This latest research from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention suggests that from 2005 to 2008 , consumption increased again . "  If you look at male children , 70 % consume on a given day , " said lead author Cynthia Ogden , a CDC epidemiologist who specializes in obesity . The analysis was based on 17,000 participants who were asked to recall what they ate in the last 24 hours in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey . The American Beverage Association denied that its products fueled obesity : "  Contrary to what may be implied ... sugar-sweetened beverages are not driving health issues like obesity and diabetes . " It pointed to market data indicating that the calories in beverages decreased by 21 % from 1998 to 2008 , while obesity rates climbed . It also stated that sugar-sweetened beverages account for 7 % of calories in the average American diet . "  That means Americans get 93 percent of their calories from other foods and beverages , " the group stated . The latest CDC research released Wednesday also found similar results : Kids and teens get about 6.7 % to 8.2 % of their daily caloric intake from the beverages , and adults get about 5 % to 8 % . But the extra calories from drinks could add several pounds every year , said Marisa Moore , a nutritionist . "  A lot of times , people do n't think of beverages as part of their daily total calories , " she said . "  When I think about soda drinking -- in general , it provides empty calories . It takes the place of more nutritious options . " She suggested alternatives like water , sparkling water , tea and skim milk . The CDC 's report found major differences in soda consumption depending on race , sex and income level . In every age category , males consumed more sugary drinks than females . This could be because males consume more calories than females , Ogden said . In terms of race , black children got about 8.5 % of their total daily calories from sugary drinks , compared with 8.2 % for Mexican-American and 7.7 % for white children . Black adults received 8.6 % of their daily calories from sugary drinks , and the figure was 8.2 % for Mexican-Americans and 5.3 % for whites . There was also a direct association between income level and sugary beverage consumption . Adults living in a family of four earning approximately $ 29,000 per year got 8.8 % of their daily calories from sugary drinks , compared with 4.4 % for those who earned about $ 77,000 . Last year , New York attempted to end subsidizing the purchase of sodas in the food stamps program , saying the benefits were used to fuel a serious public health problem . But this month , the U.S. Department of Agriculture rejected the city 's proposal , citing agency concerns that "  the scale and scope " of banning soda would be "  too large and complex . " The Big Apple has actively campaigned for soda reduction with a stomach-churning ad that likened drinking soda to chugging dollops of fat . The recent CDC report also found that while half of the population does n't drink sugary beverages , about 25 % consumes amounts of the drinks that total fewer than 200 calories per day . About 5 % drink about 567 calories on any given day , which amounts to more than four 12-ounce cans of cola . Sugary drinks became ingrained in American daily life because of effective ad campaigns , fast-food restaurants and increased serving sizes , said Michael Jacobson , executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest . But the tides are turning , he said . The group announced a campaign Wednesday called Life 's Sweeter to nationally organize civic associations , minority groups and religious communities to reduce soda consumption . "  There 's pretty much a consensus among health officials that soft drinks are a major cause of obesity , " Jacobson said . Boston 's government buildings have banned soda , several public school systems have kicked them out of their campuses , and the Cleveland Clinic has stopped selling the beverages in its hospitals . "  There 's a real movement in that direction , and the soda industry recognizes this and is diversifying away from traditional carbonated drinks to bottled water and noncarbonated things like energy drinks and sports drinks , " Jacobson said . "  The soft drink industry is very nervous and will diversify to maintain their profits . " While energy drinks and sports drinks may have fewer calories and less sugar , they enjoy health halos that are not warranted , he said . Pediatricians : No energy drinks for kids ; greatly limit use of sports drinks Dr. Sandeep Gupta , director of the Pediatric Overweight Education and Research Program at Indiana University Health , said it 's easy to be misled by drink labels . "  Many times , they do n't know , " he said about his pediatric patients who guzzle sugar-sweetened beverages with labels touting vitamins and antioxidants . "  The marketing is so skewed . ` Get your 100 % vitamin C , juice . ' They do n't tell you how much sugar is there . Look at the back , not the front of the package . "	Half of U.S. population over age 2 consumes sugary drinks daily , CDC says Report says the drinks have been linked to weight gain , obesity and diabetes Beverage makers say their products have not fueled obesity and diabetes Male teens are most frequent consumers of sugary drinks , report says
CNN  -- It 's official : Taylor Swift 's new album had the largest sales week since 2002 , according to Billboard . "  1989 " sold almost 1.3 million copies in its debut week , said the data from Nielsen SoundScan . Why Taylor Swift is everything to the music industry No one has posted such big numbers since Eminem 's "  The Eminem Show " sold just over 1.3 million during its second week on the charts in June 2002 . Swift is the only artist to have three weeks in which an album sold a million copies , and this one is her fourth No. 1 -- following "  Red , " which was released in 2012 , "  Speak Now " from 2010 and "  Fearless " in 2008 . It also makes Swift the only single artist to go platinum in 2014 . Taylor Swift pulls her music from Spotify The "  Frozen " soundtrack , which features multiple artists , has sold 3.2 million albums this year , but in just one week , Swift has become the second-biggest seller . The singer just barely missed breaking the one-week sales record for an album by a woman , which is held by Britney Spears with "  Oops ! ... I Did It Again " in 2000 . Spears sold 1.319 million copies . Better NYC ambassadors than Taylor Swift ?	The pop singer 's new album sold almost 1.3 million copies That has n't happened since "  The Eminem Show " in 2002 Swift is now the second-biggest seller of the year
France will not negotiate with the Islamist rebels who kidnapped a French family in Cameroon , Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Tuesday . "  We do not negotiate on these bases , with those groups , " Le Drian said on French radio station RTL . "  We will use all possible means to secure the release of hostages . " The radio announcement comes a day after rebels in Nigeria released a chilling video of the family that was abducted in neighboring Cameroon . The seven-member family was flanked by armed fighters from the Boko Haram movement in the brief video . One of the captive men read a statement demanding that Nigeria and Cameroon free jailed members of Boko Haram , which is battling to establish Islamic rule in northern Nigeria , and their families . "  Meet all the demands we have mentioned , and if you leave out one of them , we will kill these hostages , " the masked man says . France blasts ` cruelty ' as Boko Haram displays kidnapped family The family -- a couple , their four children and an uncle -- were seized in a national park in remote northern Cameroon on February 19 . Authorities in Cameroon said they were quickly spirited across the border into Nigeria . "  This is the first time there are children hostages , " Le Drian said . "  This is an unacceptable situation . " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius denounced the video Monday , saying , "  All of the state services are mobilized to free our countrymen . " "  For all of us , these images are terribly shocking . They demonstrate cruelty without limits , " Fabius said in a statement . The kidnapping has raised fears of Westerners being targeted by Islamist militant groups in Africa in the wake of the French military intervention against other Islamist rebels in Mali . The masked man in the video says French President Francois Hollande "  started war against Islam , and we must fight him everywhere . " The father works for the French company GDF Suez and is based in Yaounde , the capital in southern Cameroon . GDF Suez , which is developing a natural gas liquefaction project in Cameroon , said it was working closely with the French Foreign Ministry .	The minister 's statement comes after rebels show video of kidnapped family The family of seven was kidnapped in Cameroon A masked spokesman says France has declared war in Islam Boko Haram wants jailed members and their wives released
The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed a long-standing appeal from scientists who tried to block funding of stem cell research on human embryos . The brief order from the justices is a victory for supporters of federally funded testing to combat a range of diseases and illnesses . Federal courts had previously lifted an injunction on continued funding , and this latest high court action probably means the lawsuits will be ultimately dismissed . The field of embryonic stem cell research has been highly controversial , because in most cases , the research process involves destroying the embryo , typically four or five days old , after removing stem cells . These cells are blank and can become any cell in the body . Because of the destruction of embryos , most opponents believe this is a moral issue . Supporters of the research point to the potential for saving lives . Legislation passed in 1996 prohibits the use of taxpayer dollars in the creation or destruction of human embryos "  for research purposes . " Private money had been used to gather batches of the developing cells at U.S.-run labs . That congressional ban had been renewed annually . Stem cells vs. heart attacks The current administration had broken with the Bush White House and issued rules in 2009 permitting those cells to be reproduced in controlled conditions and for work on them to move forward . Obama administration officials have been at odds with many members of Congress over whether the National Institutes of Health research causes an embryo 's destruction , as prohibited by the Dickey-Wicker Act . In opposing the lawsuit , the government had argued that an extensive list of research projects outlined by the government health research agency would have to be shelved if the courts blocked further funding . Some scientists say that embryonic stem cells could help treat many diseases and disabilities because of their potential to develop into many different cell types in the body . In 2011 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia lifted an injunction originally issued by a federal judge , who said , at the time , that all embryonic stem cell research at the research agency amounted to the destruction of embryos , in violation of congressional spending laws . The appeals panel later reversed , concluding the plaintiffs bringing suit "  are unlikely to prevail because Dickey-Wicker is ambiguous and the NIH seems reasonably to have concluded " that the law does not ban research using embryonic stem cells . Stem cells help deaf gerbils hear The White House at the time applauded that ruling . "  While we do n't know exactly what stem cell research will yield , scientists believe this research could treat or cure diseases that affect millions of Americans every year , " said Stephanie Cutter , a deputy senior advisor to the president . "  That 's why President Obama has long fought to support responsible stem cell research . " The case began with a lawsuit against the National Institutes of Health by James Sherley and Theresa Deisher , scientists opposed to the use of embryonic stem cells , who worked with a group that seeks adoptive parents for human embryos created through in vitro fertilization , including the nonprofit Christian Medical Association . Embryonic stem cell research differs from other kinds of stem cell research , which do not require embryos . The current case does not deal with separate research on adult stem cells , which is permissible under federal law . In 2001 , when President George Bush first approved federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research , 64 existing stem cell lines that were created before August 9 , 2001 , qualified for federal funding . But of those , only 21 were usable by scientists . Bush later rescinded the funding . Under the Obama administration 's rules , at least 75 stem cell lines qualify for federal funding , according to the National Institutes of Health . The NIH has invested more than $ 500 million in human embryonic stem cell research . Scientists conducting such research say continued federal funding is necessary , because they would have greater flexibility to work collaboratively within labs , across labs and around the world on the latest treatments and breakthroughs . Supporters of embryonic stem cell research say their studies have shown promise in treating a range of debilitating conditions , including diabetes , Parkinson 's disease , cancer and spinal cord injuries . The case is Sherley v. Sebelius  12-454  .	Court dismisses appeal that tried to block funding of stem cell research on human embryos Scientists had sued the National Institutes of Health over the use of embryonic stem cells Opponents of human embryonic stem cell research cite moral issues Supporters say federal funding will help research ways to fight a range of illnesses
Washington  CNN  -- The United States might replace its ambassador to Libya after WikiLeaks published his colorful cables to Washington about the eccentricities of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , complicating relations with the notoriously sensitive regime . Ambassador Gene Cretz , a career diplomat named to the post in 2008 , is back in Washington for consultations with the State Department . A senior U.S. official , speaking on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue , said , "  One of the issues that we are evaluating is his ability to serve our interests as ambassador in light of what 's happened . " The cables refer to Gadhafi as "  mercurial and eccentric " and describe a "  voluptuous " blonde Ukrainian as his nurse and companion . "  Have the Libyans expressed concerns to us about WikiLeaks ? Yes , " the official said . "  Our relationship with Libya is complex . It was complex before WikiLeaks , and it is complex after WikiLeaks , perhaps more complex . " Publicly , the State Department says there has been no request from Libya to remove Cretz , and P.J. Crowley , State Department spokesman , insisted in his daily briefing that "  he is still our ambassador to Libya . " Crowley , however , added , "  One of the issues we will be discussing with Ambassador Cretz is his return to Libya . " The fallout from WikiLeaks continues to roil U.S. diplomatic relations and , according to the senior official speaking on background , Libya is not the only country to be affected . "  This is not unique to Libya , " he said . "  If you look globally , the relationship between our ambassadors and a number of governments has been affected by disclosure of these cables . On an ongoing basis we are evaluating whether any changes will have to be made . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , however , wants U.S. diplomats to continue providing candid and unvarnished feedback to Washington , the official said . "  We are not going to change who we are or what we do , " the official said , adding : "  We are concerned about the candor in our ongoing , day-to-day dialogue with governments . Some governments have told us they are going to be less candid in the future and that is something that the secretary has made clear we will just have to work through over time . "	Ambassador Gene Cretz filed colorful cables regarding Moammar Gadhafi Officials are evaluating "  his ability to serve our interests , " a senior U.S. official says The Libyans have "  expressed concerns , " the official says
Washington  CNN  -- An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008 , including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama , the Justice Department announced Thursday . Paul Schlesselman of West Helena , Arkansas , faces 10 years in prison under a plea agreement reached with federal prosecutors in Tennessee . Federal officials in Washington said Schlesselman threatened to kill then-Sen . Obama on October 23 , 2008 , shortly before the presidential election . He also planned to "  murder dozens of people with a focus on murdering African-Americans " the Justice Department said . "  Despite great civil rights progress , hate-fueled violence remains all too common in our country , as illustrated by this unthinkable conspiracy , " said Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez in a statement issued by his Justice Department office .	Paul Schlesselman faces 10 years in prison in plea deal with Tennessee federal prosecutors Schlesselman threatened to kill then-Sen . Obama on October 23 , 2008 , officials say He also planned to kill dozens , focusing on African-Americans , Justice Department says
New York  CNN  -- The man who confessed to the 1979 murder of 6-year-old Etan Patz was indicted Wednesday by a Manhattan grand jury , authorities said . His attorney , Harvey Fishbein , said Pedro Hernandez -- who was arrested on second degree murder and kidnapping charges -- is scheduled to appear in court Thursday . "  Nothing that occurs in the course of this trial will answer what actually happened to Etan Patz , " said Fishbein , who said his client has been "  repeatedly diagnosed as suffering from schizophrenia . " "  Partly as a result of that disorder , my client has an IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range , " he said . Fishbein had previously told a judge that Hernandez has a history of mental disorders , suffers from hallucinations and is bipolar . Case ` awakened ' America But district attorney spokeswoman Erin Duggan said Wednesday 's indictment was "  the outcome of a lengthy and deliberative process , involving months of factual investigation and legal analysis . " "  We believe the evidence that Mr. Hernandez killed Etan Patz to be credible and persuasive , and that his statements are not the product of any mental illness , " she said . This summer , he admitted that he choked the boy after luring him into the basement of a small Manhattan grocery store , police said . Hernandez allegedly told authorities that he threw away the boy 's body in a garbage bag . The remains have not been found . Investigation a 33-year long roller coaster ride After attending high school in the Camden , New Jersey , area , Hernandez moved to Manhattan at the age of 18 , sharing an apartment in the city 's SoHo neighborhood with his older sister . He then took a job as a stock clerk at a corner convenience store in Lower Manhattan for about a month before returning to his mother 's south Jersey home in the summer of 1979 , according to family members and police . Etan disappeared roughly a month earlier , on May 25 . Describing Hernandez as having been a quiet young man , relatives say his demeanor changed upon his return to New Jersey . He grew further withdrawn while also frequently becoming ill , they said . Though his whereabouts after 1979 remain murky , family members say he at one point returned to New York . It 's unclear for how long . Patz disappeared on his way to a New York school bus stop more than 33 years ago . The boy 's plight catapulted concern for missing children to the national forefront after authorities put his image on thousands of milk cartons . Opinion : Missing children , perception vs. reality	NEW : His attorney says Pedro Hernandez was diagnosed with schizophrenia NEW : Authorities say Hernandez 's statements are not a result of mental illness Patz disappeared on his way to a New York school bus stop more than 33 years ago
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people marched through Manhattan sounding an urgent call for action to reverse global climate change Sunday . One marcher 's sign read "  cut your emissions or you 'll sleep with the fishes . " The "  People 's Climate March " in New York was billed as the largest of several protests held around the world two days before the start of the United Nations ' Climate Summit . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon walked with former U.S. Vice President Al Gore along the 2Â 1/2 - mile route . Celebrity protesters included comedian Chris Rock and actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Ruffalo , who said he was marching for his children 's future . "  I see the world changing very quickly already , and I want to do my best to give them the best world that they deserve to have and that I was fortunate to come up into , " Ruffalo told CNN . Opinion : Re : No one cares about climate change Ricken Patel , the founding executive director of march organizer Avaaz , told CNN the "  solution is so clear . It 's to get to a 100 % clean energy power society and economy . " "  We 're seeing massive droughts across the Midwest and California , " Patel said . "  We 're seeing storms that are devastating the East Coast and the Gulf Coast . We 're seeing flooding that 's threatened this city and many others . All of those impacts that are happening , but it is just a taste test of what 's to come if we do n't urgently reverse course . " The Environmental Defense Fund said it expected up to 100,000 people to walk , while the New York Police Department predicted about 30,000 would participate . Rallies were also held in London , Paris , Berlin , Tokyo and Bogota , Colombia . Opinion : Why climate change is an ` everybody issue ' now World leaders converge on the U.N. headquarters in New York to offer and discuss climate change proposals starting Tuesday . Speakers will include President Obama and DiCaprio , who was recently appointed as U.N. Messenger for Peace with a focus on climate change . CNN 's Alison Kosik contributed to this report .	"  Cut your emissions or you 'll sleep with the fishes , " marcher 's sign warns "  People 's Climate March " in New York is one of several around the world Sunday Activist : Droughts , storms and floods are "  a taste test of what 's to come " World leaders converge on the U.N. to discuss climate policy Tuesday
CNN  -- When Tiger Woods won the Players Championship for the first and only time , he was at the peak of his powers . In 2001 , the tournament known as golf 's unofficial "  fifth major " was held the week before the Masters -- and Woods won both events as he became the only modern-day player to hold all four major crowns at the same time , albeit not in a calendar year . This week , at the age of 36 and struggling to rediscover his best form , the American will again line up at TPC Sawgrass -- but without the help of the man who helped him become the dominant force he was : coach Butch Harmon . Already he has had to fend off questions about his painfully long process of swing changes , and a disappointing showing at Augusta last month and then again at Quail Hollow last week , where he missed the halfway cut . Hopes had been raised by his pre-Masters victory at Bay Hill , his first on the PGA Tour in more than two years , but since then his work with current coach Sean Foley has been questioned by former players such as Nick Faldo and Brandel Chamblee , both now TV pundits . Chamblee offered : "  He needs to fire Sean , call Butch . He 's literally lost the art of the game , and I think Butch could help him . " Faldo , who unlike Chamblee can call himself a major champion -- six times over -- is troubled by Woods ' apparent lack of confidence . "  He just does n't have the self-belief , the self-confidence that he obviously had , the Tiger of old -- simple as that , " the Englishman said . Woods , for his part , insists that his work in progress is similar to previous frustrating periods rebuilding his swing with Harmon and then Hank Haney -- and he rebounded from those in a stellar career featuring 14 major titles and more than 80 professional victories . "  I went for probably almost two years without doing much with Butch before it kicked in , and about a year and a half with Hank , " he told reporters ahead of Thursday 's opening round . "  With Sean it 's been almost two years . But I 've been hurt for a majority of that , so I have n't been able to put in the time . In essence , it takes time . "  The fruits have been pretty good on the back side of it , and I think so far I 've shown some nice consistency , and I 'm still working . I just have n't had the time because obviously the injuries I 've had . " Woods did admit that he might be thinking too much about his game , rather than just playing . "  Certainly it is  like that  when you 're making changes , " he said . "  I 've done this before . I 've been through this . I went through those periods where I was n't quite where I wanted to be . I had some pretty good runs after that , and this is no different . "  It takes a little bit of time , and I keep building , and things eventually come around to where they feel natural and efficient . I think that 's probably the most important word , is that you get out there and you feel efficient in what you 're doing . " Woods ' recent performances have highlighted another part of his game that needs work : his putting -- having needed 33 in the second round at Quail Hollow , and also struggling in finishing 40th at Augusta . "  Absolutely . I 'm not quite 100 % comfortable with it . I 've had to make some tweaks and some little bit of changes , " he said . "  Augusta was nice to have happen , actually , in the big scheme of things . Just like it was at Dubai a couple of years ago when I could n't cut the golf ball . I felt like I could have won that golf tournament , but not being able to cut it cost me eight or nine shots that week . "  Augusta was one of those things where it was just pretty glaring , some of the things I needed to work on . So get back to work and try and get ready for this week . " Woods will be in a high-profile grouping on Thursday and Friday as he lines up alongside FedEx Cup series leader Hunter Mahan and another "  Golf Boy " in Rickie Fowler , who won his first PGA Tour title at Quail Hollow last weekend . Rory McIlroy , who returned to world No. 1 by reaching the playoff on Sunday , will partner Steve Stricker and another veteran American , Phil Mickelson -- who was inducted into golf 's Hall of Fame on Monday and was champion at Ponte Vedra Beach in 2007 . Luke Donald , who the lost the top ranking after skipping Quail Hollow , will play alongside fellow former No. 1 Lee Westwood and 2011 FedEx Cup champion Bill Haas in the $ 9.5 million Florida tournament . Masters champion Bubba Watson has decided to stay home with his wife and newly-adopted baby son .	Tiger Woods is struggling for form ahead of this week 's Players Championship Former world No. 1 missed the cut at Quail Hollow on return to PGA Tour He says the changes he is making to his swing will take time to bear fruit Woods will play alongside Quail Hollow victor Rickie Fowler at TPC Sawgrass
Kill Devil Hills , North Carolina  CNN  -- Hurricane Irene lashed coastal North Carolina late Friday and had metropolitan New York in its sights , staying on an unusual track that could bring deadly storm surge , heavy rainfall and misery to millions . With winds at 100 mph , Irene churned toward an anticipated 7 to 8 a.m. landfall Saturday between Beaufort and Atlantic Beach , North Carolina . The latter had a curfew in effect . But the massive storm -- which is shutting down hundreds of airline flights , Broadway shows and the New York subway system -- wo n't be content to curve away from the mainland after striking North Carolina . Instead , a weakening Irene will head for the Jersey shore , New York and southern New England , dangerous conditions in tow , forecasters said . "  We 're going to see tropical storm-force winds for as much as 24 hours in some places and , in North Carolina , near and to the east of the center , they could experience hurricane force winds for as much as 10 hours , " Ed Rappaport of the National Hurricane Center told CNN . Irene roiled the surf and blew strong gusts of rain into the Carolinas as it neared landfall . Ernie Seneca , a North Carolina spokesman , said authorities were concerned about the "  entire eastern half of the state . This hurricane could potentially impact an area that includes 20 counties and 3.5 million people . " Irene was about 195 miles south-southwest of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , at 11 p.m. ET Friday , according to the hurricane center . Hurricane warnings were in effect from Little River Inlet , North Carolina , to Cape Cod , Massachusetts . A hurricane warning means sustained winds of 74 mph or higher are expected within 36 hours . President Barack Obama warned that Irene could be a "  hurricane of historic proportions . " The Category 2 storm had top sustained winds of 100 mph , and it is expected to be borderline Category 1 , with maximum winds of 95 mph , when it comes ashore Saturday and moves toward the Mid-Atlantic states , according to forecasters . "  This could still be a large and powerful storm , " North Carolina Gov. Bev Perdue said . Evacuations were ongoing in 19 counties . An ocean surge of up to 11 feet is possible in coastal North Carolina , tearing away beaches and probably damaging homes , businesses and other structures before sliding up the East Coast to New England , Hurricane Center Director Bill Read said . Storm surges of 4 feet to 8 feet are possible in the Virginia Tidewater region , with 3 - to 6-foot surges farther north along the New Jersey shore , Read said . Other areas were under tropical storm warnings or watches . A tropical storm warning indicates that sustained winds of 39 to 73 mph are expected within 36 hours . A watch means such winds are possible . New York City issued what Mayor Michael Bloomberg said was its first mandatory evacuation order , covering low-lying areas of all five of the city 's boroughs . About 250,000 people are affected . Authorities warned of widespread and prolonged power outages , flash flooding and storm surges that could flood low-lying communities and possibly inundate subway systems . The New York Metropolitan Transit Authority will shut down its system at noon Saturday . Five airports in metropolitan New York will close to arriving flights beginning at noon Saturday . New Jersey Transit will shut down at noon , and the transit system in Philadelphia will halt service at 12:30 a.m. Boston said it intends to keep its system operating . The Garden State Parkway in New Jersey closed 98 miles of southbound lanes Friday night . The storm also was forcing cancellations of concerts , sporting events and , in New York , all the weekend 's Broadway shows . Authorities on Friday urged residents who needed to leave to do so immediately . "  The sun is shining , but do n't be misled , " Bloomberg said . "  There is a very dangerous storm headed in our direction . " Even guests in Atlantic City 's iconic casinos were being asked to go . And the boardwalk in Ocean City , Maryland , will be quiet during one of the busiest times of the year . Some plucky businesses were digging in . A restaurant in Wilmington , North Carolina , posted a message reading , "  We are open until the letters fly off this sign , " CNN affiliate WRAL reported . Steve Aarthun , a resident of Wilmington , was preparing for his first hurricane . His wife , Sally , has seen three . They bought a generator , stocked up on bottled water and flashlights , and filled the bathtub with water . "  I feel the lull , " Aarthun said mid-afternoon Friday . "  You just have the sense it is coming . " The couple lives about a mile from the ocean and were hopeful they could avoid the storm surge . Drew Goulde , a Kill Devil Hills resident and a maintenance worker at a hotel , was surfing , taking advantage of a higher-than-usual tide . "  It is fun , " Goulde said . "  I 'm just messing around right now . It 's kind of heavy out there , though . " Governments and private agencies launched an immense effort to prepare for the storm . "  All indications point to this being a historic hurricane , " Obama said from Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , shortly before cutting short his vacation to return to Washington . The mayor of Washington declared a state of emergency . The move opens up additional resources to deal with a storm that Vincent Gray said would "  bring heavy rain , flash floods and high winds to the area . " The federal government began moving tons of supplies to military bases and other staging areas . The U.S. Navy was sending 38 ships to sea , 13 % percent of the deployable battle force vessels , a U.S. Navy official said . Tens of millions of people could be affected by the storm as it moves up the densely populated East Coast , and officials urged residents to be prepared for the worst . In New York , Bloomberg said , "  The low-lying coastal areas that will be endangered most by storm surge include Coney Island and Manhattan Beach in Brooklyn , Far Rockaway and Broad Channel in Queens , South Beach , Midland Beach , and other low-lying areas on Staten Island , Battery Park City in Manhattan , and some small sections of the Bronx . " He added , "  Now , we have never done a mandatory evacuation before , and we would n't be doing this now if we did n't think the storm had the potential to be very serious . " Amtrak , Greyhound and major U.S. airlines canceled routes and flights . American Airlines canceled all flights in the Washington area from noon Saturday to noon Sunday , said spokesman Ed Martelle . AirTran Airways has canceled 308 flights through Monday , according to an airline spokeswoman . JetBlue Airways has canceled almost 900 flights in the Northeast ahead of the storm . Most of those are Sunday and Monday flights out of the New York metro area and Boston , said spokesman Mateo Lleras . Delta Air Lines will cancel 1,300 flights from Saturday to Monday , spokesman Anthony Black said . Southwest Airlines said it is canceling scores of flights to and from the East Coast . US Airways is planning "  significant flight schedule reductions " at a number of airports , including Reagan Washington National , John F. Kennedy International and Newark International . CNN 's Chris Boyette , Gustavo Valdes , Phil Gast , John Zarrella , Kristina Sgueglia , Dan Merica , Sarah Hoye , Rafael Romo , Eden Pontz , Nina Raja , Kristina Sgueglia , Poppy Harlow and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	New York airports will be closed Saturday to incoming flights Tropical storm conditions spread across parts of North Carolina The biggest dangers involve storm surge and rainfall Weekend shows on Broadway are canceled
ADELAIDE , Australia -- World record-breaking wicketkeeper Adam Gilchrist has announced he will retire from cricket at the end of the Australian summer . Adam Gilchrist takes a spectacular catch off Mahendra Singh Dhoni in the third Test against India . The 36-year-old chose Australia Day to make his decision public , coming at the end of the third day of the fourth and final Test against India in Adelaide . Gilchrist said he would retire from Tests at the end of the current match , and then hang up his gloves in one-day internationals after the upcoming tri-series with Sri Lanka and India . "  It is with great pride and happiness that I make the decision to retire from Tests and one-day internationals , " he said in a statement on Saturday . "  I 've come to the decision after much thought and discussion with those most important to me . "  My family and I have been fortunate to have had an amazing journey full of rich experiences throughout my career and are sincerely grateful to all who have helped make this stage of our lives so fulfilling . "  I am now ready and excited to move into the next phase of my life which will , of paramount importance , include much more time with my family . " Gilchrist broke the world record for the most wicketkeeping dismissals in Tests with 414 on Friday , overtaking South Africa 's Mark Boucher in his 96th outing in the five-day game . Boucher , by comparison , played in 109 Tests . Gilchrist took over the gloves from Ian Healy -- third on the list with 395 dismissals from 119 Tests -- in November 1999 , and went on to establish himself both as a wicketkeeper and as a batsman of brutal hitting capabilities . He has scored 5,556 runs to date , at an average of 47.89 , with a highest score of 204 not out and having made 17 centuries . He has been similarly prolific in 277 one-dayers , scoring 9,297 runs at an average of 36 and reaching three figures 15 times . Gilchrist 's revelation came as Australia put themselves in a strong position to win the series against the touring Indians , reaching 322-3 at stumps . Captain Ricky Ponting , whose team lead 2-1 , was unbeaten on 79 after adding an unbroken 81 for the fourth wicket with Michael Clarke  37  . Resuming the day on 62-0 in reply to India 's imposing first innings of 526 , Matthew Hayden and Phil Jaques took their opening stand to 159 . Jaques was the first to fall , bowled by India captain Anil Kumble for a patient 60 off 159 deliveries . Hayden , on his return after missing the defeat in Perth due to a hamstring injury , reached his 30th Test century before being bowled by 19-year-old seamer Ishant Sharma for 103 off 200 balls . Ponting , who came in at first drop , added another 55 with Mike Hussey before the left-hander was also castled by fast bowler Irfan Pathan for 22 to leave the home side teetering a little at 241-3 . But Ponting , who has struggled for form so far in the series , ground out his 40th half-century in Tests and Clarke provided able support to take Australia through to the close of play with no further loss of wickets . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Adam Gilchrist to retire from cricket at end of this Australian summer The wicketkeeper set new world record of 414 Test dismissals on Friday He has played 96 Tests for Australia and 277 one-day internationals Australia reached 322-3 on third day of final Test against India , Gilchrist 's last
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Taiwan 's de facto representative offices in Hong Kong and Macau -- China 's two special administration regions  SAR  -- will come out of hiding this week after operating incognito for nearly 45 years , a move that experts say defines a thawing of historically frosty cross-strait relations . Functioning in Hong Kong under the moniker of the "  Chung Hwa Travel Service " since the 1966 Chinese Cultural Revolution , the office has often been mistaken as a private travel company because of its title , said James Shi Chu , Taiwan 's Director General of Hong Kong & Macau Affairs . The new office will be renamed and upgraded on July 15 to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Affairs office , a title indicative of its true functions , Chu said . The decision to rename Taipei 's hub in Hong Kong delineates a warming of relations between Beijing and Taipei , said Joseph Cheng , a professor of political science at Hong Kong City University . And although Taiwan liaised solely with Hong Kong , Cheng said the local government "  dared not do anything with Taiwan without the formal approval of Beijing , period . " Contact between China and Taiwan -- a self-ruled island -- has historically been defined by instability and limited diplomatic communication , Cheng said . China views Taiwan as a breakaway province , separated since the civil war of the 1940s . But relations began improving shortly after the 2008 election of current Taiwan President , Ma Ying-jeou . Although Ma is the leader of the Kuomintang Party  KMT  -- which lost control of mainland China to the Chinese Communist Party during the Chinese civil war in 1949 -- his policies have been largely friendly toward mainland China since being elected . Taiwan is also Hong Kong 's fourth largest trading partner , with a total trade value of more than US$ 35 billion , according to the Hong Kong government . Mainland China remains Hong Kong 's most lucrative trade partner , valued at roughly US$ 400 billion - just fewer than 50 % of the SAR 's total trade activity . Because of its misleading name , the Hong Kong office 's efforts to improve economic and cultural relations were "  undermined , " Chu explained . "  In Taiwan , the re-designation of the Chung Hwa Travel Service has become the so-called barometer to gauge the relationship between Hong Kong and Taiwan . " The current relationship is "  extremely close , " Chu said , in both economics and tourism . He said that 31,000 flights helped more than 3 million people from both sides visit each other for business and pleasure in 2010 . Chu insisted that Taipei had no formal or informal contact with Beijing over the upgrading of their economic and cultural office in Hong Kong or Macau . "  Over the past eight months , we directly dealt with the Hong Kong authority only . We had no discussion on this with Beijing , " Chu said . "  But I would n't be surprised if the Hong Kong government sought from Beijing for these negotiations . " However , Beijing government spokesman Yang Yi welcomed the announcement , heralding the upgrading of relations as a milestone in cross-strait relations . "  This is a remarkable step in the development in Taiwan-Hong Kong-Macau relations , it 's also a great achievement of the improving relationship among the four districts -LSB- of the -RSB- cross-strait , " Yang said in an interview with Taiwan 's Central News Agency . Chu said the Taiwan Cabinet also approved Hong Kong 's request to open an analogous economic and cultural office in Taipei . The new office will operate in a similar fashion to Hong Kong 's economic offices in mainland China and facilitate "  trade between Hong Kong and Taiwan , investment promotion and enhancing cultural exchanges between the two places , " the Hong Kong government said in a statement . "  The formal setting up of Hong Kong 's multi-functional office in Taiwan signifies that the development of Hong Kong-Taiwan relations has entered a new phase , " Hong Kong 's Constitutional and Mainland Affairs Bureau told CNN in a statement . "  We believe that there will be more frequent interaction between Hong Kong and Taiwan , and that the dimension of work will be deepened . " Under the current "  one country , two systems " policy -- which defines China 's policy toward its two SARs -- , Hong Kong and Macau enjoy a high degree of autonomy , a capitalist economy and a political system separate from the mainland . Mainland China , however , is responsible for the defense of the two regions as well as their foreign affairs . These stipulations are slated to end when the two regions are reintegrated with mainland China in 2047 and 2049 , respectively . Hong Kong University professor Danny Gittings said the announcement marked a significant step toward normalizing relations between China , Taiwan , Hong Kong and Macau . "  This certainly is unprecedented because Hong Kong has never had an office in Taiwan , " said Gittings , the program director at the school 's college of humanities and law . "  You could n't even conceive this until relations became much warmer . " CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	The renaming of Taipei 's hub in Hong Kong delineates a warming of relations with Beijing Taiwan is Hong Kong 's fourth largest trading partner , with a value of more than US$ 35 billion Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou has been largely friendly toward mainland China since his election
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- FBI Director Robert Mueller pointed Monday to recent terror attacks in Mumbai , India , and Somalia to highlight the FBI 's concern that small groups or individuals could carry out such attacks on U.S. soil . FBI Director Robert Mueller says he worries the Mumbai attack could be replicated in the United States . In a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations , Mueller worried that the dramatic terror attack on hotels and other facilities in Mumbai potentially could be replicated in the United States . "  This type of attack reminds us that terrorists with large agendas and little money can use rudimentary weapons to maximize their impact . And it again raises the question of whether a similar attack could happen in Seattle or San Diego , Miami , or Manhattan , " Mueller said . He said he is increasingly concerned with "  pockets of people around the world that identify with al Qaeda and its ideology " but who have little or no actual contact with al Qaeda . Mueller cited the first-ever suicide bombing by a naturalized U.S. citizen last October . A Somali native who had settled in Minnesota traveled back to Somalia and blew up himself and 29 others . The idea that Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , was radicalized in the United States raised red flags throughout the FBI . "  One pattern in particular concerns us , " Mueller said . "  The prospect of young men , indoctrinated and radicalized within their own communities and induced to travel to Somalia to take up arms -- and to kill themselves and perhaps many others -- is a perversion of the immigrant story . And it raises the question of whether these young men will one day come home and , if so , what they might undertake here . " Authorities have said as many as 20 young Somali men reported missing in Minnesota may have returned to Somalia to take up arms .	FBI director : Mumbai attack showed terrorists with little money can have large impact FBI worries "  whether a similar attack could happen in " the U.S. , Mueller says Suicide bombing involving naturalized U.S. citizen in Somalia also alarms Mueller
Today Cordy Tindell "  C.T. " Vivian and Bayard Rustin were among 16 people honored with the nation 's highest civilian honor , the Presidential Medal of Freedom . Household names former President Bill Clinton and media icon Oprah Winfrey received the honor , but odds are you probably are n't as familiar with their fellow honorees . Vivian is a civil rights leader who participated in the freedom rides , and Rustin was considered to be one of the masterminds behind the March on Washington . Here are seven things you do n't know about these two unsung civil rights pioneers , but should . Civil Rights movement : No ammo necessary When the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was just getting the Montgomery bus boycotts off the ground he "  had not personally embraced nonviolence " according to the The Bayard Rustin Documentary Film Project . "  In fact , there were guns inside King 's house and armed guards posted at his doors . Rustin persuaded boycott leaders to adopt complete nonviolence , teaching them Gandhian nonviolent direct protest . " Violent encounters of the Southern kind In 1965 , when he was the national director of affiliates for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , or SCLC , C.T. Vivian led a group of people to register to vote in Selma , Alabama . As the county Sheriff Jim Clark blocked the group , Vivian said in his fiery tone , "  We will register to vote because as citizens of the United States we have the right to do it . " This did not sit well with Clark , who instead of keeping the peace , disrupted it by beating Vivian until blood dripped off his chin in plain view of rolling cameras . Images such as these galvanized support for change . Bayard Rustin and Muhammad Ali have two things in common Rustin and Ali both were conscientious objectors to war who resisted the draft and were sentenced to federal prison as a result . Rustin ended up serving almost three years for refusing to fight in World War II because of his Quaker beliefs . Ali is also a recipient of the Presidential Medal Of Freedom . C.T. Vivian got you into college When Vivian created a college readiness program during the civil rights era , he said it was a way to "  take care of the kids that were kicked out of school simply because they protested racism . " Years later the U.S. Department of Education used his Vision program as a guide to create Upward Bound , which was designed to improve high school and college graduation rates for students in under-served communities . Throw Jim Crow from the train During the Montgomery bus boycotts , Rustin was the logistical gasoline to King 's inspirational spark that helped bring national attention to the cause . However , what many do n't know is that Rustin had practice protesting segregated transit routes . In 1948 he filed a federal civil suit against the Southern Railway Company for violating his constitutional rights the year before when its employees refused him access to the dining car because of his race . ` It was bigger than the Klan ' In the late 1970s Vivian founded the National Anti-Klan Network , an anti-racism organization that focused on monitoring the Ku Klux Klan . Soon after it was founded , the name and direction changed because "  it was bigger than the Klan , " said Vivian in a phone interview . "  We called it the Center for Democratic Renewal because the whole culture had to be renewed if it truly was going to be a democratic one . " Vivian said they viewed the Center For Democratic Renewal as "  the political side " of what they were doing with the SCLC , which was focused on the country 's morality struggles during the civil rights movement . A minority within a minority Rustin faced oppression on two fronts : as a black man in the Jim Crow era and as an openly gay man during a time when being "  out " was effectively illegal . He was even arrested on a public indecency charge . His early activism as a communist was enough to raise the ire of J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI , but it was n't just before the March on Washington that the intelligence chief attempted to slow the movement 's progress by attacking Rustin , the march 's deputy director . Hoover reportedly supplied Rustin 's arrest record to segregationist Sen. Strom Thurmond , who used the information to publicly attack Rustin on the Senate floor .	Cordy Tindell "  C.T. " Vivian participated in the Freedom Rides Bayard Rustin was one of the masterminds behind the March on Washington Both were among 16 honored Wednesday with the Medal of Freedom
CNN  -- Lionel Richie is back and ready to hit the stage . The crooner is gearing up for his "  All The Hits All Night Long " North American tour , which kicks off Wednesday in Hollywood , Florida . CNN caught up with Richie at Paramount Studios in Los Angeles during the singer 's final rehearsals for the 19-date tour . It 's there the music legend advised fans not to be fooled by the tour 's name . "  If they 're waiting for all night long , let me tell you , I gave that up a long time ago , " Richie told CNN . "  I always used to say to them , all night long went all night long when ` All Night Long ' was out . Now it 's down to a fierce 30 minutes , but if you want anything after that , I can pretty much guarantee an hour-45 to two hours solid . " Richie promises the tour will be a mix of classic hits and fan favorites , ranging from his Commodores days to his 2012 release , "  Tuskeegee . " To keep fans on their toes , the hit maker has a list of 14 songs to choose from each night . Richie compares planning out his shows to coaching a professional sports game . "  It 's like going to a football game and you know the plays , " he said . "  So when I call out a different play , they 'll go to it . " Richie 's last album found him recreating his biggest hits as collaborations with some of country music 's top names . Who does he want to jump on stage with him during this tour ? The list is extensive . "  Bruno Mars . Come on Bruno , where are you ? Sting . I could do Kenny Chesney any day of the week . Tim McGraw . I 'm sure these guys were in the Commodores at some time . I just have to go back to see if their pictures were there , because they 're so familiar . The beautiful part about it is that the one thing they say to me when they meet me is , ' I know every song . ' " With Mars confirmed to perform at the 2014 Super Bowl halftime show , Richie has no doubts the 27-year-old will do a great job . "  My boy is going to kill it . Are you kidding ? " Richie said . "  Listen , Bruno is the real deal . And what I love about him the most is that he 's a songwriter . He 'll take care of business . I 'm not worried . " As a music industry veteran , Richie has some sage advice for those up-and-comers who resort to shock tactics when hitting the stage . "  I 've always said this -- this is my little anecdote -- but once you start taking off your clothes , that means you 've got to have a hit record , " he said . "  You 've got to back it up with something . My philosophy is -- I 'm the other way around . Give me the hit record first and you do n't have to take off your clothes . Taking off the clothes means , ' I need that hit record . ' " The "  Hello " singer admits he 's still surprised to see younger fans in the crowds at his concerts . "  There are days I have to stop , blink , and turn around just for a moment to say , ` OK , that 's right , it has been that long , ' " Richie said . "  There was the 21-year-old in the front row when the Commodores started and there 's the 21-year-old in the front row now . " "  The greatest thrill of this to me is what started out to be just , ` Can we meet some girls on campus at the university ? ' ended up being a career , and the songs still work . The music 's been around long enough where the next generation is taking possession of it . "	Richie kicks off his new tour Wednesday in Hollywood , Florida He says it will be a mix of classic hits and fan favorites Richie says young artists are going for shock value
CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry called on the Obama administration Monday to deploy more resources to the United States ' border with Mexico , two days after a bullet -- likely from a gun battle between drug traffickers and Mexican police -- struck an El Paso building . It 's the second time in two months that bullets from shootouts across the border have strayed into Texas , Perry said . "  By the grace of God , the stray bullets from these incidents have yet to injure or kill a Texan , " he said . "  It is unconscionable that the Obama administration is gambling with American lives , betting that escalating violence from these cartels wo n't eventually shed the blood of innocent people on U.S. soil . " In Saturday 's incident , a bullet struck a building on the campus of the University of Texas at El Paso , the university 's President Diana Natalicio said . No injuries were reported at the school . That same evening , a "  major gun battle " between drug traffickers and Mexican authorities broke out in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , just 30 yards from the U.S. border at El Paso , a U.S. Border Patrol spokesman said . Three police officers were injured and one armed suspect was killed in the clash , Mexican federal police spokesman Ramon Salinas said . The bullet found at the university likely came from the shootout , border patrol spokesman Ramiro Cordero said . "  We must ensure El Paso and other border communities remain a safe place for people to live , work and raise a family , " Perry said . "  It 's time for Washington to stop the rhetoric and immediately deploy a -LSB- significant -RSB- force of personnel and resources to the border to protect our homeland . " During Saturday 's clash , U.S. authorities blocked off a four-mile section of Paisano Street , which runs parallel to the Rio Grande , the international border . Cordero said the closing was the first time authorities have been forced to take such action due to activity across the border . Natalicio said the university will consult with law enforcement and government officials about possible further security precautions . Cordero said his agency does n't plan to change its security methods , saying border patrol agents are still maintaining the integrity of the border and operating as usual . The shootout took place less than two months after shots fired from a gun battle originating in Juarez crossed into El Paso and hit City Hall , damaging the building . CNN 's Nick Valencia and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Rick Perry wants the White House to deploy more resources to the border A bullet lodged in a Texas university 's building may be linked to a Mexico gunfight No injuries were reported on the El Paso campus The gun battle took place 30 yards from El Paso , police say
CNN  -- Valentino Rossi snapped a near three-year victory drought in MotoGP by claiming the Dutch round at Assen Saturday , but said the real "  hero " had been his Yamaha teammate Jorge Lorenzo who took a brave fifth with a broken collarbone . The defending world champion crashed at 200kph in practice earlier this week and underwent an operation in Barcelona early Friday on his injuries . Passed fit to race , he finished just behind fellow Spaniard and current title leader Dani Pedrosa to concede just two points in the overall standings , trailing him by nine after seven rounds . "  For me he is the hero of the day , " Rossi told the official MotoGP website . "  When he told me he was going to ride , I thought there was no way he could . Two days after a terrible accident and such an operation is amazing . " But for the legendary Italian , it was also a welcome return to the top of the podium after two disappointing seasons with Ducati . "  I 'm happy but I ca n't believe it and it 's a great feeling to be back in first position , " he admitted . "  It 's been a long , long time since Sepang 2010 and during those years I 've ask myself the question : ` Can I get back to first position ? ' "  But I 've never given up and I 've always worked hard because this is my passion . I love to ride and race motorcycles . " It was the nine-time world champion 's 80th victory in MotoGP , the premier class of motorcycling , and pushes him up to fifth in the overall standings , but still 51 points adrift of Pedrosa . Marc Marquez of Spain finished second for Honda ahead Britain 's Cal Clutchlow , who had claimed the first pole position of his career Friday . Marquez is third in the overall standings , 23 points adrift of teammate Pedrosa , after riding with injuries of his own . "  I am , happy with the result given that I have a fractured small finger on my right hand and a broken big toe , " he said . But Marquez was unable to make much impression on Rossi , who took the checkered flag to a massive roar from the devoted motorcycling fans at one of the best attended races on the calendar . The eighth round of the championship takes place in Germany in two weeks time .	Valentino Rossi wins Dutch MotoGP at Assen First victory for the Italian legend since 2010 Defending world champion Jorge Lorenzo races with broken collarbone Spaniard finishes a brave fifth to stay in title hunt
CNN  -- Lawmakers in Argentina have approved a gender identity law that allows individuals to be recognized in official documents by the gender they choose . Argentinians have the right to be treated in accordance with their own gender identity , and the government is required to recognize it as well , the law states . The law gained final approval from the Senate on Wednesday . "  It is understood that gender identity is the internal and individual way that a person experiences their gender , which may or may not correspond with the sex assigned at birth , " the law states . This means that people 18 or older in Argentina can go to a government office and change the gender listed on official documents if they choose . The law is meant to include people who undergo sex change operations or hormone treatments to look like the opposite sex , but it goes further than that . Those who dress , talk or have manners like someone of the opposite sex also qualify to have their documents changed to recognize their self-identity . A push for such a law began under the late President Nestor Kirchner , and the cause was taken up by his wife and presidential successor , Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner . "  The law  is a path toward equality , inclusion and recognition of rights for all Argentinians , " Vice President Amado Boudou said . "  Today is a day when thousands and thousands of Argentinians have new rights , without anyone else losing an ounce of their own rights . "	The law was passed by the Senate on Wednesday It gives Argentinians the right to identify their own gender They can change official documents to reflect their choice
CNN  -- In 1997 , Garry Kasparov was defeated by IBM 's Deep Blue supercomputer . It seemed like a watershed moment , recalling the rise of the machines long prophesied in science fiction . Yet in 2005 , a freestyle chess tournament featured teams of humans partnering with computers in various combinations . Shockingly , two amateurs using three fairly weak laptops emerged victorious , beating grand masters and supercomputers in turn . This contrast is fittingly emblematic of two great visionaries of computer science , Marvin Minsky and J.C.R. Licklider . Minsky wrote canonical theories of self-replicating artificial intelligence and co-founded MIT 's A.I. lab . Licklider proposed an alternate vision in his landmark paper , "  Man-Computer Symbiosis " . In Licklider 's view , human intelligence should be complemented by machines , not replaced : "  Men will set the goals , formulate the hypotheses , determine the criteria and perform the evaluations . Computing machines will do the routinizable work that must be done to prepare the way for insights and decisions . ... " Watch Shyam Sankar 's TED Talk Technology is too often viewed through a utopian or alarmist lens , and it 's worth noting that Licklider 's work spanned the sublime and sobering alike . He presaged much of the Internet revolution , and his research led to such breakthroughs as the modern graphical user interface . He also worked on a computer-aided missile defense system designed to collect and present data to a human operator , who would choose the appropriate response . It 's easy to argue that life and death decisions should never be left to machines , but Licklider 's vision was much broader , recognizing technology as an enabler for many human capacities . Since Kasparov and Deep Blue squared off , we have seen numerous examples of man-computer symbiosis , while A.I. relying solely on computers as Minsky theorized it remains tantalizing , yet distant . TED.com : Robots that fly ... and cooperate In terms of catalyzing human potential , the triumph of the chess amateurs in 2005 was just one glimpse of the future . Foldit , an online video game , allows nontechnical , nonbiologist players to visually "  fold " protein structures , while computers calculate the chemical interactions corresponding to each arrangement . In 2011 , Foldit players needed only 10 days to produce an accurate 3-D model of the Mason-Pfizer monkey virus , a protease whose structure had stumped scientists for 15 years . It was an astonishing triumph of human visual-spatial reasoning , and one of the first major scientific advances to come from playing a video game  though plenty of software engineers I know would argue that video games activate much more creativity than we care to acknowledge  . The tension between the Minsky and Licklider visions has certainly been amplified in the age of so-called big data . Now , consider that most of what we think of as "  big data " is created by deliberate human action : phone calls , Web logs , credit card transactions , etc. . When we hear about big data "  solutions , " they tend to focus on computational approaches -- storage , search and processing -- with human intuition largely absent . Yet the unraveling of big data into meaningful insight may depend just as heavily on the human side of the equation . Why is this ? "  Pattern recognition " is a frequent A.I. refrain , but computers ca n't learn to spot patterns they 've never seen . The high-value targets in big data are invariably human : highly adaptive adversaries such as terrorists and cybercriminals whose ingenuity frustrates even the most advanced algorithms . TED.com : My seven species of robot Yet even the nimblest fugitives leave clues , even patterns -- they 're just buried in an expanding universe of data , a challenge that intensifies as we seek still more data , hoping it will yield more insight . Adaptive adversaries require adaptive responses , and this begins with asking questions rooted in human intuition . While technology can certainly be a force multiplier for good or evil , it 's difficult to imagine a pure A.I. approach reverse-engineering the machinations of a terrorist mastermind . When U.S. intelligence tracked down Osama bin Laden , it was a function of brilliant , resourceful people asking questions and testing hypotheses using a variety of technologies . Cybercriminals , as explored in my first TED talk , tend to target the allegedly weakest links in the network : people . Yet how weak is something that can learn in ways even the most robust automated systems ca n't ? TED.com : All it takes is 10 mindful minutes Cyber security might always be an uphill , defensive struggle as techniques and technologies raise the stakes on both sides . Remember , though , that cyberwarfare is ultimately a human endeavor . Bot-nets , scripts and other automated tools play key roles , but they do n't exist in a vacuum . This cuts both ways : Sooner or later , everyone makes mistakes , even evil genius types . That said , the enemy may well be two amateurs with a few weak laptops . Aspiring good guys must be absolutely relentless in refining the intersection of brainpower and computing power , each of which is vulnerable in isolation . Sometimes , the right combination of humans and technology can reshape the data landscape itself . In the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy , my company partnered with veterans ' organization Team Rubicon to coordinate relief efforts in the Rockaways . It began with identifying the hardest-hit areas and greatest needs . Soon , as help poured in , the focus shifted to tracking projects , allocating manpower , and coordinating more than 10,000 volunteers in real time . Through rapid iteration , a group of determined people using low-friction technology had created a vast , self-regulating system . Each discrete data point was simple enough -- the status of a project , levels of need , locations of assets -- but in aggregate , the effect was transformative . While experience teaches that each approach has its caveats , we have every reason to be excited about the possibilities of human-computer symbiosis . Almost 50 years since the identification of Moore 's Law , and 10 years since the human genome was first sequenced , humans and machines are beginning a new arc of re-imagining and discovery -- together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shyam Sankar .	Shyam Sankar : Some say computers could attain artificial intelligence superior to humans A more realistic approach is to envision computers aided by human intelligence , he says Computers can spot patterns from the past but ca n't anticipate as people can , he says Sankar : Human thought , aided by computer power , can make sense of "  big data "
Washington  CNN  -- Some may not realize that the modern Republican Party owes its origin to the fight over slavery nearly two centuries ago . In the tumultuous mid-1800s , right before the Civil War , some political activists were concerned about keeping slavery from spreading into new western territories , and they saw no way to stop it through existing political powers : the Democrats and the Whigs  the pro-Congress party of the mid 1800s that largely destroyed itself in the 1852 elections in a battle over slavery  . So they formed a new party , taking the name "  Republicans " in a salute to earlier American politicians . By 1861 , they had their first president : Abraham Lincoln . Soon after , slavery fell . The Whig party disappeared . And the Republicans began a long steady rise in power . Even back then , the party liked to talk about fiscal responsibility -- immigration , religion -- and the need for a strong business climate . All of this spurred a sympathetic Chicago newspaper to call the Republicans the Grand Old Party , or the GOP . Republican voters were strongest in rural and western parts of the country , and they were highly successful at maximizing electoral votes to produce presidents : Ulysses S. Grant and Theodore Roosevelt were among their early successes . However , World War I brought sharp policy disagreements to the party . And when Herbert Hoover ushered in the Great Depression , the Republicans were driven into retreat . It would be 20 years until they won the White House again , under Dwight Eisenhower . But since 1969 , they have been largely back to their winning ways . During that time , Republicans have been in the Oval Office for almost twice as many years as the Democrats -- Nixon  elected to two terms , but resigned at the start of his second  , Ford  served out Nixon 's second term  , Reagan  elected to two terms  , George H.W. Bush  elected to one term  and George W. Bush  elected to two terms  . Now Mitt Romney is hoping to restart that tradition .	Republicans emerge as an anti-slavery party in 1800s Abraham Lincoln was party 's first president GOP got name Grand Old Party from a Chicago newspaper
CNN  At long last , "  Breaking Bad " fans got to see the first episode of "  Better Call Saul " on Sunday night . The spinoff 's much-hyped premiere started off slowly , with a downright depressing look at a defeated Saul  Bob Odenkirk  , working at a Cinnabon , reminiscing about the good old days of his law firm . Then we flashed back to 2002 to see Jimmy McGill -- as Saul used to be known -- struggling to keep clients and pay the bills between issues with his brother , Chuck , and some skateboarding twins who reminded him of his con-artist days . When Jimmy teamed up with the twins to basically bribe a potential client into signing with him , things went horribly awry , with a hit-and-run and Jimmy ultimately taken at gunpoint , a cliffhanger to be resolved on Monday night 's episode . There were a few shout-outs to "  Breaking Bad , " in particular the character of Mike Ehrmantraut , but this show is more of a balance of comedy and drama than the critically acclaimed "  Bad . " Much of it rests on the performance of Odenkirk as Jimmy , and he delivered an Emmy-worthy performance here . We ca n't wait to see what 's to come . Critics loved it -- the show stands at 100 % on RottenTomatoes.com -- and fans on Twitter responded rapturously .	Much-anticipated "  Breaking Bad " spinoff "  Better Call Saul " premiered Sunday The first episode was a showcase for the acting talents of Bob Odenkirk Critics and fans raved about the spinoff
George Clooney tried to rally support for Sony in the midst of a severe cyberattack on the studio , but the actor and filmmaker says he could n't find anyone to stand with him . In an interview with Deadline Hollywood , Clooney says he circulated a letter asking top Hollywood figures to show their support for the embattled studio . The letter called for the industry to "  fully support Sony 's decision not to submit to these hackers ' demands , " and to acknowledge "  that to give in to these criminals now will open the door for any group that would threaten freedom of expression , privacy and personal liberty . We hope these hackers are brought to justice but until they are , we will not stand in fear . We will stand together . " In essence , the letter was "  basically saying ... ` We 're not going to give in to a ransom , ' " Clooney told Deadline . "  As we watched one group be completely vilified , nobody stood up . Nobody took that stand . " As far as his petition , Clooney could n't land a single signature . The hack of Sony Pictures first came to light in November , and in the weeks since has developed into a devastating saga that 's included leaked Social Security numbers and health information , embarrassing emails from studio execs and a threat that 's led to Sony canceling its release of "  The Interview . " The movie , which stars stars Seth Rogen and James Franco , has a plot that involves a plan to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . U.S. officials believe the attack on Sony was ordered by North Korea 's leadership . U.S. set to blame North Korea for Sony hack To George Clooney , this is n't just about Sony , or the celebrity gossip that 's emerged . "  We 're talking about an actual country deciding what content we 're going to have , " he told Deadline . "  This affects not just movies , this affects every part of business that we have . " "  What happens if a newsroom decides to go with a story , and a country or an individual or corporation decides they do n't like it ? Forget the hacking part of it . You have someone threaten to blow up buildings , and all of a sudden everybody has to bow down . "  Sony did n't pull the movie because they were scared ; they pulled the movie because all the theaters said they were not going to run it . And they said they were not going to run it because they talked to their lawyers and those lawyers said if somebody dies in one of these , then you 're going to be responsible . " That sense of hesitation and fear was evident to the actor as he tried to drum up support for the studio . Clooney would n't mention names , but he did say that "  nobody wanted to be the first to sign on . " "  This is n't finger-pointing , " he continued . "  This is just where we are right now , how scared this industry has been made . Quite honestly , this would happen in any industry . I do n't know what the answer is , but what happened here is part of a much larger deal . ... And people are still talking about dumb emails . Understand what is going on right now , because the world just changed on your watch , and you were n't even paying attention . " Clooney is n't the only actor unnerved by the fallout from the Sony hack . As news spread Wednesday that the studio would not be releasing "  The Interview , " in theaters or anywhere else , a number of celebrities came forward to express their frustration . Celebrities criticize decision to pull ` The Interview ' "  I think it is disgraceful that these theaters are not showing The Interview . Will they pull any movie that gets an anonymous threat now ? " actor and filmmaker Judd Apatow tweeted . "  Wow . Everyone caved . The hackers won . An utter and complete victory for them , " added Rob Lowe . "  Game of Thrones " author George R.R. Martin has even offered to screen the film at his independent theater in Santa Fe , New Mexico , should the movie be made available . In a blog post titled "  Corporate Cowardice , " Martin took aim at the theater chains that declined to screen "  The Interview , " causing Sony to shelve the film . "  I mean , really ? " Martin wrote . "  These gigantic corporations , most of which could buy North Korea with pocket change , are declining to show a film because Kim Jong-Un objects to being mocked ? The level of corporate cowardice here astonishes me . " "  The Interview " was intended to open Christmas Day as a lighthearted option for holiday crowds . But while "  The Interview " may once have been just "  a silly comedy , " "  what it now says about us is a whole lot , " Clooney said . "  We have a responsibility to stand up against this . "	George Clooney created a petition in support of Sony He could n't get anyone to sign it Clooney : "  We have a responsibility to stand up against this "
Pader , Uganda  CNN  -- Pauline Oto still wears her faded yellow and green school dress , but she has n't been to school for years and she ca n't comprehend what to do with the pen the community nurse has just given her . "  Write on my hand , " says the nurse . Pauline just sits on the reed mat , her legs pulled to one side , and stares . She has just had an attack and ca n't speak . She struggles to comprehend her surroundings . Pauline , 13 , has been struck by the dreaded nodding disease . Her mother , Grace Lagat , says it will take her at least four hours to recover from the seizures , and after each attack she seems less like the daughter she remembers . "  Her personality has changed greatly from before . She was normal when they were born . Now she just moves around and serves no purpose , " Lagat says . Pauline , like more than 3,000 other children in Northern Uganda , has been struck by the mysterious syndrome that has doctors and scientists puzzled and has shattered lives in this rural community . Nodding disease gets its name from the strange nodding-like symptoms that children display in the first stages of a seizure . But doctors on the ground and at the U.S.-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  say that is the least profound effect . Severe epilepsy-like seizures grip the children , they struggle to eat , and they become shells of their former selves . It is a progressive and debilitating syndrome that robs children of their future . The seizures are triggered in strange ways , say community members , such as when unfamiliar food is brought to the children or when the weather changes . There are other bizarre symptoms . Often the children will wander off by themselves and get lost in the bush . And other children will start fires , according to parents and medics in the field . Others appear confused and traumatized . We were told that several houses in areas we visited had been burnt down by children suffering from nodding disease . More than 200 deaths have been reported from these ` secondary ' incidents . Once , Pauline vanished for five days . Now , to protect her children Lagat ties them up when she leaves . She pulls Pauline and her brother , Thomas , who also suffers from nodding disease , inside her hut and ties them with a colorful , local fabric . First , she ties their legs to a wooden pole and then their hands together like handcuffs . Thomas tears at them with his teeth . "  When I am going to the garden , I tie them with cloth . If I do n't tie them I come back and find that they have disappeared , " she says . Liberia , Sudan , and Tanzania have all suffered outbreaks of nodding disease over the years , but it first came to the attention of Ugandan authorities in 2009 . A team from the World Health Organization team visited the region of Gulu and Kitgum and noticed a high incidence of the disturbing symptoms . "  It was quite desperate , I can tell you , " says Dr. Joaquin Saweka , the WHO representative in Uganda . "  Imagine being surrounded by 26 children and 12 of them showing signs of this . The attitude was to quickly find a solution to the problem . " Saweka and the Ugandan government mobilized teams from WHO , CDC , and local health teams . Right now there is no real solution . Nodding disease leads to epilepsy like symptoms , says the World Health Organization , but the cause is unknown and there is no cure . But there are clues . WHO officials say 93 percent of cases are found in areas also with the parasitic worm Onchocerca Volvulus , which causes river blindness and is carried by the Black Fly . And many cases show a deficiency in Vitamin B6 . Nutrition also seems to play an important role . "  At first we cast the net wide . We ruled out three dozen potential causes and we are working on a handful of probabilities , " says Dr. Scott Dowell , director of global disease detection and emergency response at CDC . While nodding disease has n't triggered the response that , say , an outbreak of Ebola would , the CDC has conducted field investigations and extensive lab work , says Dowell . This outbreak in Uganda is confined to the north and is not believed to be contagious , but from a public health standpoint it still has to be taken seriously . "  We know from past experience an unknown disease could end up having more global implications , " says Dr. Dowell . For Ugandan children in the region it is having massive implications . In the first three days of registering children at the Atanga health center in Pader district last week , more than 400 possible cases showed up . One extended family had seven children afflicted with Nodding Disease -- all of them severely stunted physically and mentally . Nodding disease seems to only affect children between 1 to 19 years , with the worst affected at ages 3 to 11 , based on anecdotal evidence gathered by health workers . It is unclear how many fatalities have been caused by the disease itself , but its victims are left unable to function in any meaningful sense and profoundly dependent on others for care . And all this is in a region where many families suffered for decades from the brutality of the Lord 's Resistance Army , led by Joseph Kony , which abducted thousands of children and pushed civilians into mass camps . Almost every household in Pader district seems to be affected . We follow the nurse into cluster of huts , where another child , Francis , has just passed out . He lies in a pool of his own urine , saliva pouring out of his mouth , still twitching from the last affects of a seizure . The nurse tries not to touch him and does n't want to take his pulse . There is just too much mystery surrounding the illness . "  I feel , because I do n't know what causes it , I do n't even know how it transmits , when I touch them I feel that I can also get the infection because I do n't know what causes it , " says Elupe Petua , a local nursing officer . So Francis is left alone . Only his mother , Agnes Apio , helps to clean him up with a bucket of water and waves away flies from his face . "  I feel dark in my heart . This boy has become nothing , " she says . Francis can only move by dragging himself along the dirt , but she still ties him up when she leaves the homestead . "  Everyone is affected . In the household everyone and in the larger community setting the whole community is also suffering , trying to understand why them at this particular time , " says Simon Anyanzo , of the Ugandan Red Cross . Doctors are using drugs for controlling epilepsy with some limited success . But they say it only slows the progression of symptoms , rather than stops them . After months of delay , Uganda did last week begin the drive to register cases . One health outpost in the Pader told CNN they had n't received anti-epilepsy drugs for four months and they had been forced to turn away desperate families . Now the health center has received drugs , but they fear the high number of cases could overwhelm them . One local member of parliament was so desperate to get attention for the disease that in early March he transported 25 suspected cases by bus to Kampala for treatment at the country 's main referral hospital . Uganda 's health ministry says they are doing enough . They say they have switched to a more effective epilepsy drug and they are training local health workers to deal with the disease . Saweka says : "  People complain that it looks like the lives in developing countries have less value than the lives in the western countries . When you know the root cause , you address the cure . Now you are just relieving the symptoms . We do n't expect to cure anybody . "	More than 3,000 children suffer in outbreak of mysterious nodding disease in Uganda One mother said : "  I feel dark in my heart . -LSB- My -RSB- boy has become nothing " Disease debilitates its victims and some seem compelled to start fires , medics say So far , no one knows the cause and no one can be cured
Beijing  CNN  -- Must art always serve politics ? To audiences overseas , contemporary art in China is typified by Ai Weiwei , the most trenchant critic of China 's artistic and political restrictions . But not all Chinese artists subscribe to Ai Weiwei 's approach . Ai Jing  no relation  , once a popular singer-songwriter , is back in Beijing from a long hiatus , this time representing one school of China 's contemporary art scene . Her style is mostly uplifting and features politics as an afterthought , if at all . Small wonder , perhaps , that she is the first Chinese contemporary artist to hold an exhibition in the iconic National Museum of China , next to Tiananmen Square , which is better known for revolutionary history exhibits than modern art . Ai Jing 's solo show opened just a few days after the Communist Party concluded its leadership transition in the Great Hall of the People , across the sprawling square . "  We chose Ai Jing based on our understanding of her artwork and of public expectation , " said Chen LÃ 1/4 sheng , the deputy director of the National Museum . "  We believe Ai Jing 's art pieces will connect China 's 5,000 years history with modern art . " Chinese art-lovers know Ai Jing best as a pop singer and song-writer . The 43-year-old Ai has cut five albums since 1992 , becoming a widely popular folk and pop singer in the 1990s . She moved to New York in 1997 and spent nearly a decade there honing her skills as an installation artist . Her work has been featured in several New York art galleries , including the Urban Art Infill , which exhibited her piece "  Sounds of New York " . Richard Vine , a New York-based art critic who has been visiting China since 2000 , likes the universality of "  My Mom and My Hometown , " a tapestry of woolen patches knitted by Ai 's mother and bedecked with the English word "  LOVE " . "  It expands outwardly , first for the family , community , nation and then the world . With one piece like this , she is able to touch both poles , " Vine said . Ai does not shy away from love 's racier themes . One section shows square panels printed with "  I love sex , " and "  love me , suck me . " She looks at the darker side too . "  The Tree of Life , " an installation art , depicts a lonely raven perched on a leafless oak tree made of disposable chopsticks . Her Warhol-inspired pop-art reproduces Marc Riboud 's picture of "  Flower Girl , " which shows a woman holding a flower in front of gun-toting soldiers during an anti-war march in the United States during the 1960s . "  We hope to present the public with multiple styles of modern art to show that not all art is the same , " Chen of the National Museum said . "  Ai Jing may not be the most popular contemporary Chinese artist , but she is one of the most special . " Ai Jing 's works are typically wholesome and uplifting , unlike many Chinese contemporary art works now popular overseas . The paintings of Zeng Fanzhi , for example , are typically bold and edgy , sometimes dark -- and selling for millions of dollars in galleries and art auctions .  An art collector has called Zeng "  The Jackson Pollock of the 21st century . " Lin Tianmiao is now known for her bold surrealism , using naked body casts of herself or building a walk-in human "  womb " strewn with disfigured bodies . She recently had her work featured at Asia Society in New York . Also popular overseas are the irreverent creations of Ai Weiwei , some of which are blunt commentaries of what he sees are the dark side of life in China . "  We do n't want extremist and esoteric pieces , " Chen said . Ai Jing 's message of love , he says , is what the Chinese public wants . Her theme of love may seem "  corny , " art critic Richard Vine agreed , but "  it 's not something that she is just falling into thoughtlessly . It 's a very considered conviction that this is after all the best response to the difficulties of life . "	Ai Jing , a popular singer , represents one school of China 's contemporary art scene She is the first Chinese contemporary artist to hold exhibition at National Museum of China She is no relation to fellow artist Ai Weiwei Her works are typically wholesome and uplifting
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Authorities announced charges Wednesday against 99 members of a transnational organized crime group in southern California called the Armenian Power , whose enterprise allegedly collected $ 20 million through kidnapping , extortion , bank fraud and narcotics trafficking . About 800 law enforcement officers on Wednesday arrested 74 of the 99 members and associates of the Armenian Power , which allegedly has ties to high-level crime figures in Armenia , Russia and Georgia , authorities said . The remainder are being sought , authorities said . In all , the crime group is believed to have more than 200 members , authorities said . "  This is a significant step in disrupting this organization , " U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. in Los Angeles said during a press conference . The charges came after a two-year investigation into the organization , according to local and federal authorities in the joint Eurasian Organized Crime Task Force . Two federal indictments unsealed Wednesday named 88 defendants linked to Armenian Power , and the Los Angeles County District Attorney has charged 11 more gang members in seven cases , authorities said . The Armenian Power also allegedly engaged in more than 400 acts of identity theft , credit card skimming , manufacturing counterfeit checks , bank fraud , health care fraud , marijuana distribution and illegal gambling , authorities said . Birotte said the group 's crime schemes caused losses of $ 10 million in Orange County , California , and another $ 10 million in Los Angeles . Among the alleged conspiracies , Armenian Power members allegedly defrauded hundreds of customers of 99 Cents Only Stores when they secretly installed "  skimming " devices to steal customer account information at cash registers and then used the information to make counterfeit debit and credit cards , authorities said . Managers at the 99 Cents Only Stores contacted authorities when they learned of the scheme , Birotte said . The fraud netted $ 2 million for the gang , authorities said . In the Orange County case , which names 20 defendants , Armenian Power members allegedly targeted elderly people in a bank fraud scheme , and members also worked with African-American street gangs and allegedly bribed bank insiders to gather information that allowed them to take over bank accounts , authorities said . Members of Armenian Power have a heritage going back to Armenia and other Eastern Bloc countries , and the crime group started as a street gang in East Hollywood , California , in the 1980s , authorities said . Members identify themselves with tattoos , graffiti and gang clothing , but the organization is more concerned with racketeering than controlling "  turf , " authorities said . Armenian Power , also known as AP-13 , has close ties with the prison gang Mexican Mafia , which controls much of the narcotics distribution in California 's prisons , and maintains connections with Russian and Armenian crime figures known as "  Thieves-in-Law , " authorities said . "  The indictments that target the Armenian Power organized crime enterprise provide a window into a group that appears willing to do anything and everything illegal to make a profit , " Birotte said . "  These types of criminal organizations -- through the use of extortions , kidnappings and other violent acts -- have demonstrated a willingness to prey upon members of their own community . " In separate actions brought by federal authorities in Miami and Denver , and announced along with the Los Angeles indictments by the Department of Justice , 14 additional defendants , some of whom are linked to Armenian Power , were charged Wednesday with extortion , money laundering and fraud offenses , among other crimes , authorities said . "  The common denominator among these defendants and their criminal enterprises is their willingness to commit any crime for profit , and to use any means of violence and intimidation to further their goals , " Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer of the Justice Department 's Criminal Division said at a press conference held in the police department of Glendale , California , home to a large Armenian community . "  In less than one month , however , the department has undertaken the largest one-day takedown of La Cosa Nostra ; a coordinated national effort against street gangs ; and today , taken action against Armenian Power and others with ties to international organized crime , " Breuer said , reading from a prepared statement . In one alleged kidnapping , several Armenian Power members forced a man to pay ransom by taking him to an auto body shop belonging to a group member and then threatening him with violence , authorities said . In an alleged extortion scheme lasting months , the victim and his family were forced to make repeated payments under threats , authorities said .	The Armenian Power has ties to Armenia , Russia and Georgia crime figures Its membership is believed to be more than 200 Authorities have charged 99 of the members
Washington  CNN  -- Andy Shallal 's small business is a rare success in a sea of hard-luck stories . The owner of several popular bookstore cafes , called "  Busboys and Poets " in the Washington area , Shallal said his annual revenue tops $ 14 million . But the success has n't persuaded his bank to give him the loan he wants to expand two of his stores and add 40 employees . Shallal said the only way his bank would lend him money was if he used his home as collateral . "  I want to have a loan that 's really a business loan that 's going to use my business as collateral , " Shallal told CNN . "  And I was told no , in these economic times it 's very difficult for banks to give money this way . " Small-business owners across the country have voiced similar frustrations , complaining that -- despite billions of taxpayer dollars in relief funds and exhortations from lawmakers to help Main Street -- banks are still holding back on loans . President Obama will tackle the issue Monday when he meets with bank leaders to discuss upcoming financial regulatory reform . He is expected to push banks to increase small-business lending , along with a host of other reforms to the industry . But industry analysts say the liquidity problem wo n't be easily solved . One small-business expert said stricter government regulations have pulled banks in two directions . "  The banks are going to say , ` Look , it 's not like we do n't want to lend , it 's that we 're constrained from lending as a result of the new focus and the new attention from the crisis , " said Anne Mathias , an analyst with Concept Capital . " -LSB- They will say -RSB- ` the regulators are telling us you need to be more careful , you need to have more capital , your capital needs to be more liquid . ' " Scott Talbott , who represents some of the country 's largest financial firms at Financial Services Roundtable , said banks are still lending , but they 've gotten more wary of potential risk . "  You 've seen an increase or a tightening of the credit standards , " Talbott said . "  So banks are cautious now about lending in terms of who our borrower is . We 're looking to make good , solid loans that can be repaid . " He said financial institutions are also wary of the legislation moving through Congress that would impose new regulations on the industry and , Talbott said , make it costlier for banks to operate . The House passed a sweeping financial reform bill Friday , and a Senate committee is working on similar legislation . White House officials told CNN that when the president meets with top bankers Monday , he will insist the reforms are necessary to prevent another fiscal crisis . Meanwhile , Shallal hopes lawmakers take action soon . "  You 've got to really give that money back to the source that 's going to provide the most amount of jobs , the most amount of economic stimulus for the economy , " he said . "  That 's small businesses . "	President Obama to meet with top bankers to push for more lending D.C. shop owner says his business makes $ 14 million a year but he ca n't get a loan Stricter government regulations have pulled banks in two directions , experts say
One might think Democrats are in disarray , given the recent legislative battle that pitted the Obama administration and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid against top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren . Not so , argue New York Sen. Chuck Schumer and outgoing Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick . "  The differences among Democrats are small compared to the huge chasm of Republicans , " Schumer said to Candy Crowley on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . "  You look on issues like minimum wage and equal pay and infrastructure construction , helping people pay for college -- the Democratic Party is unified . " Schumer called economic issues "  the soul of the Democratic Party " and reiterated his belief that party members are on the same page -- name-checking Warren , a newly minted member of the Senate Democrats ' leadership team . "  Elizabeth Warren is , even if people do n't agree with her , she 's constructive , " he said of the senator who advocated for Democratic opposition to a spending measure because she felt it rolled by banking regulations . "  She 's not like Ted Cruz saying , ` Shut down the government or do n't fund things if I do n't get my way . ' " Patrick , in a separate interview with Crowley , said Democrats suffered heavy losses in the 2014 midterm elections because they lacked a resonating economic message , not because of an emerging rift . "  It 's a broad-based party . We are very specific about the things that we need to do economically and socially to enable people to get a toehold in the middle class and to hang on once they get there , " he said . "  And I think that that 's a very powerful story . It is about convictions . And when we tell it , we win . " Patrick , a self-described "  pro-growth progressive " offered support for Warren generally , but advocated for a balance between government help and private market principles . "  I just do n't believe that markets solve every problem in everybody 's life and I do n't think government solves every problem in everybody 's life , " Patrick said . But with groups on the left envigorated by Warren 's anti-Wall Street rhetoric and Pelosi willing to buck Obama 's White House , there 's evidence Democrats may splinter yet .	Top Democrats argue the party remains unified in wake of legislative skirmish Sen. Chuck Schumer calls economic issues "  the soul of the Democratic Party "
CNN  -- Preakness Stakes favorite Rachel Alexandra lived up to her billing Saturday , thundering past an all-male field of competitors and becoming the first filly to win the Triple-Crown 's second jewel since 1924 . Saturday 's victory for Rachel Alexandra , who raced from the 13th and furthest stall , was the filly 's fifth straight win . "  She 's the greatest horse I 've ever been on in my life , " jockey Calvin Borel said after the race . "  She did not handle the track 110 percent and still won . " Long-shot Kentucky Derby winner Mine That Bird fell short in his improbable bid to compete for horse-racing 's Triple Crown , but showed his Derby victory was no fluke -- charging hard to finish second . Musket Man finished third . Rachel Alexandra 's win was historic for multiple reasons and capped a run of five straight victories that included a blowout of the field in the all-filly Kentucky Oaks . She became the first horse to win from the race 's 13th stall -- the furthest from the inside of the track . Borel became the first jockey to ride a winner in the Kentucky Derby -- he steered 50-1 underdog Mine That Bird to the win -- and then choose to ride another horse in the Preakness . Watch why Preakness was viewed as battle of sexes " She ran at the front of the mile-and-one-sixteenth race for almost the entire time . Mike Smith , Mine That Bird 's jockey on Saturday , said Borel gave him advice on how to run the undersized champion on Saturday . The two chatted after a finish in which less than a single horse-length separated the two . "  I said if I 'd had that rail trip , it might have been a different outcome , " said Smith , who 'd hoped to take Mine That Bird to the inside of the track just as Borel did in the May 2 Derby . "  They knew I was going to do it so everybody was just sticking on it . "	Rachel Alexandra is first filly to win the Triple-Crown 's second jewel since 1924 "  She 's the greatest horse I 've ever been on in my life , " jockey Calvin Borel said Borel first jockey to ride separate horses to victory in Kentucky Derby , Preakness
President Barack Obama on Tuesday eased his rhetoric on the Supreme Court 's upcoming ruling on health care reform but repeated his belief that the justices should follow legal precedent and uphold the law 's constitutionality . His remarks in response to a question at a media luncheon followed criticism by conservatives that the president had leveled a political salvo at the high court a day earlier when commenting on last week 's hearings on the 2010 Affordable Care and Prevention Act . On Monday , Obama said a Supreme Court ruling overturning the law passed by Congress would amount to the kind of "  judicial activism " that conservative commentators oppose . The comment prompted Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , to complain that Obama had tried to influence the outcome of the case and demonstrated "  a fundamental lack of respect for our system of checks and balances . " On Tuesday , Obama appeared to choose his words more carefully . "  The point I was making is that the Supreme Court is the final say on our Constitution and our laws and all of us have to respect it , " he said . "  But it 's precisely because of that extraordinary power that the court has traditionally exercised significant restraint and deference to our duly-elected legislature , our Congress . " Asked what would happen if the high court strikes down the health care law 's individual mandate , which requires people to have health coverage or pay a fine , Obama said he believed the provision would be upheld . "  I have enormous confidence that in looking at this law , not only is it constitutional , but that the court is going to exercise its jurisprudence carefully because of the profound power that our Supreme Court has , " Obama said . " As a consequence , we 're not spending a whole bunch of time planning for contingencies . " Sounding a political theme , he said that more important was for "  all of us , Democrats and Republicans , to recognize that in a country like ours -- the wealthiest , most powerful country on Earth -- we should n't have a system in which millions of people are at risk of bankruptcy because they get sick or end up waiting until they do get sick and then go to the emergency room which involves all of us paying for it . " The measure is the signature legislation of Obama 's first term as he heads into a re-election campaign this year . Polls indicate the nation is divided over the issue on ideological lines , with conservatives opposing the measure as a government overreach and liberals supporting it as a necessary overhaul of the health insurance system . At the joint news conference Monday with visiting leaders from Mexico and Canada , Obama was asked about the three days of high court hearings last week and subsequent speculation that conservative justices would rule against the individual mandate . "  I think it 's important and I think the American people understand and I think the justices should understand that in the absence of an individual mandate , you can not have a mechanism to ensure that people with pre-existing conditions can actually get health care , " Obama said then . "  So , there 's not only an economic element to this and a legal element to this , but there 's a human element to this and I hope that 's not forgotten in this political debate . " He also took a shot at critics of the health care bill , noting that such opponents now were calling for the kind of "  judicial activism " they have opposed in the past . "  I just remind conservative commentators that for years , what we 've heard is , the biggest problem on the bench was judicial activism or a lack of judicial restraint , that an unelected group of people would somehow overturn a duly constituted and passed law , " the president said . Later Monday , conservative Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , hit back at Obama 's comments , saying in a statement that "  it must be nice living in a fantasy world where every law you like is constitutional and every Supreme Court decision you do n't is ` activist . ' " "  Judicial activism or restraint is not measured by which side wins but by whether the court correctly applied the law , " Hatch 's statement said , adding : "  Unfortunately these attacks come as no surprise , since the memo appears to have gone out from the president 's campaign that criticizing the Supreme Court is going to help his re-election . " On Tuesday , Obama made no mention of judicial activism , focusing instead on people who have been helped by the law even though it has yet to be fully implemented . "  This is not an abstract exercise , " Obama said in reference to letters he gets "  every day " about the law 's benefits . The Supreme Court 's decision is expected in June in the middle of the campaign for the November presidential election . Obama 's likely Republican opponent , Mitt Romney , said Tuesday he was surprised by the president 's Monday comments on the Supreme Court case , adding , "  I do n't think it will serve him any particular good function . " "  It is hardly an activist court for applying the Constitution , " Romney told the Charlie Sykes show on radio station WTMJ in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .	President Obama says the Supreme Court has the "  final say " At the same time , Obama says legal precedent should mean a favorable ruling Conservatives blast Obama 's Monday comment of possible "  judical activism " by the high court A high court ruling is expected later this year before the November presidential election
CNN  -- In an earthshaking 1965 speech to Congress and to the nation , President Lyndon Johnson spoke directly to the sinister forces that had restricted black Americans ' right to vote across the South -- laying out the goals of the Voting Rights Act in the form of a command to this shameful cabal . "  Open your polling places to all your people . Allow men and women to register and vote whatever the color of their skin . Extend the rights of citizenship to every citizen of this land , " Johnson thundered . "  There is no constitutional issue here . The command of the Constitution is plain . " The speech stirred the country , moved the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to tears and secured this essential law 's passage . Today , if President Barack Obama wants to save the Voting Rights Act following Tuesday 's shameful Supreme Court ruling , then he faces an even bigger challenge than Johnson did : He 's got to convince a much more hostile Congress that the act is worth saving . Hanging in the balance is the very foundation of American civil rights law . On Tuesday , nearly 50 years after Johnson 's historic speech , the five conservative members of the Supreme Court eviscerated the Voting Rights Act in a single stroke . Why ? According to the majority opinion , apparently it 's because the discriminatory anti-voter rules the act prohibits are n't as much of a problem as they were before the law was passed . If you 're trying to think up a way to illustrate how completely nuts that is , do n't worry , because Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg already put it best in her dissent . Striking down this essential part of the act , Ginsburg wrote , "  is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet . " Opinion : How segregation got busted Of course , Johnson was right in 1965 , and he 's just as right today . These protections are vital and necessary . There is no right more sacrosanct to the very foundations of our nation than the right to vote , and threats to equal voting loom every time we turn a blind eye . Constant vigilance is required to safeguard it , and for half a century the Voting Rights Act was a watchful guardian . But now that Section 5 's "  pre-clearance " formula has been made irrelevant , it falls to Congress to fix it . Do n't expect the conservative-controlled House of Representatives to jump at the chance though . Just last year , during the 2012 election cycle , Republican elected officials in states across the country pushed deeply hostile voter ID laws that disproportionately limit minority voters . Sometimes , the Republicans were even explicit that the purpose of these laws was to put victories in the "  R " column . And all that took place with a full and complete Voting Rights Act still on the books . Veterans of forgotten voting war count the cost Now it 's up to Obama to make a new case for a new Voting Rights Act . Of course , there 's nothing partisan about equality in the ballot box . The act 's great virtue is that it barred discrimination no matter which way it was directed . It was an equal opportunity shield from injustice -- protecting you no matter who you voted for or what you looked like . It is a crying shame that the Supreme Court left a key part of Johnson 's legacy in tatters . But today , Obama -- and every fair-minded American -- should look to the spirit of Johnson and King and pass a new Voting Rights Act that will stand the test of time . We ca n't wait . Election Day is just around the corner . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : LBJ 's 1965 speech enjoined Southerners to support blacks ' right to vote She says the Supreme Court , in a stroke , has eviscerated the Voting Rights Act Brazile : President Obama must convince polarized Congress to save the act by fixing it Voter ID laws show threats to rights remain , and Congress must pass new act , she says
CNN  -- Barcelona produced a dazzling display of attacking football to rout arch-rivals Real Madrid 6-2 in the Bernabeu and all but secure the Primera Liga title . Messi celebrates his second and Barcelona 's fifth in the 6-2 rout at the Bernabeu . Two goals apiece from Lionel Messi and Thierry Henry , with defenders Carles Puyol and Gerard Pique also on target , signaled a humiliating defeat for Real who went into ` El Clasico ' with renewed hope of retaining the Spanish title . But a mixture of inspired play and comical defending undermined Juande Ramos ' men who had taken the lead as Gonzalo Higuain headed home after 14 minutes . Henry quickly equalized with a clinical finish after Messi 's through ball beat the offside trap before an unmarked Puyol headed Barcelona ahead in the 20th minute from a Xavi free-kick . Messi then waltzed through the Real defense after Xavi had cleverly won the ball to put his side 3-1 ahead before the half-time . Sergio Ramos gave Madrid hope in the 56th minute as he headed home an Arjen Robben free-kick , but any hopes of a comeback were quickly dashed . Henry raced onto a through ball from the brilliant Xavi for the fourth before Messi made it five with an impudent finish to fox Iker Casillas in the Real goal for his 23rd goal in the league this season . The final humiliation saw Samuel Eto'o charge down the right to cross for Pique who twisted cleverly to beat Casillas for the sixth and his first-ever La Liga goal . It was Barcelona 's 100th league goal of the season which has brought them 27 wins from 34 matches . Real fans headed rapidly for the exits as they tried to come to terms with the most goals ever scored by Barcelona in the Santiago Bernabeu stadium . Their side trail by seven points with only four games remaining with a super-confident Barcelona now heading to the second leg of their Champions League semifinal against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . The first leg was goalless . Meanwhile , Sevilla took a giant stride towards the Champions League with a 2-0 win at rivals Villarreal in Saturday 's late match . Luis Fabiano and Freddy Kanoute were on target as third-placed Sevilla moved four points clear of Valencia and five of Villarreal . In other matches , Numancia gave themselves a chance of staying up with a 2-0 win over Malaga to move off bottom spot , three points from safety .	Lionel Messi and Thierry Henry score two goals each in 6-2 Bernabeu victory Success leaves Barcelona seven points clear at the top of the Spanish league Sevilla consolidate third position after a 2-0 win at rivals Villarreal on Saturday
CNN  -- Call it the second coming . Jennifer Connelly and Keanu Reeves star in "  The Day the Earth Stood Still . " Klaatu the spaceman first visited these parts in Robert Wise 's 1951 Cold War classic "  The Day the Earth Stood Still , " when he threatened to blow us all up unless we stopped threatening to do the job for him . Klaatu was n't exactly greeted with open arms back then -- he was shot and hounded for his troubles -- and if the earth has moved on over the past half century , you would n't know it from the trigger-happy welcoming committee that surrounds his luminous snowball of a space craft in New York 's Central Park . Where sci-fi films in the 1950s used to see red  s  , today they go green . Directed by Scott Derrickson  "  The Exorcism of Emily Rose "  and scripted by David Scarpa  "  The Last Castle "  , "  The Day the Earth Stood Still " 2.0 ditches the Cold War theme . Klaatu  Keanu Reeves  means to save the planet , but war is n't the problem . Mankind is the problem . The filmmakers have come up with an effective Spielbergian prologue , cutting from the Himalayas in 1928 to contemporary biology professor Helen Benson  Jennifer Connelly  , whisked from her home by uniformed men in response to an undisclosed national emergency . It 's strange to think that in the final hour the government will turn to molecular biologists for guidance , though true to form  as in the 1951 original  the scientists are quickly overruled by the politicians . But once Keanu-Klaatu emerges from his blubbery placenta spacesuit , the movie shifts into familiar fugitive thriller terrain and the tension slowly drains out of it . Dr. Benson helps him escape to New Jersey where he can meet with an alien undercover agent in McDonald 's , and she can introduce him to a true world leader , a Nobel laureate played by John Cleese . If you 're going to cast a top star as an alien being , Reeves seems a solid choice . He 's always been able to process human emotion with a Spock-like detachment . "  This body is going to take some getting used to , " Klaatu cautions shakily in his first scene , but in fact he gets the walking-talking thing down pat in no time . He 's a messianic figure -- he fires lasers out of his wrists , like a reverse-stigmata and he has the power to resurrect the dead  though unlike Jesus , Klaatu killed the guy in the first place  . The climax even includes a plague of robotic locusts . But the movie never comes up with a convincing explanation for why his superpowers do n't extend to , say , picking up a telephone . Apparently the aliens have been monitoring us for at least 70 years , but Klaatu is taken aback to discover our emotional side . Mostly he learns this from Jaden Smith , who plays Dr. Benson 's stepson Jacob . It 's not necessarily a good emotional side : Jacob is a whiny , obstinate and disobedient little boy that would lead most extraterrestrials -- and not a few of the rest of us -- to reach for the destruct button . Still , it 's surely remiss to wipe out the species before lending an ear to Johann Sebastian Bach . The original movie is beginning to show its age , but at least it holds up as a story . That 's more than you can say for a preachy , draggy blockbuster that espouses a radical message of Luddite technophobia at the same time as it conspicuously plugs Honda and LG Electronics , and dresses up its half-baked thinking in blinding  but not that brilliant  CGI wizardry . Johnny Carson used to joke that his 1964 bomb "  Looking for Love " was so bad it was transferred to flammable nitrate film stock . If they 're so determined to be green , perhaps the producers of "  The Day the Earth Stood Still " would consider something biodegradable . "  The Day the Earth Stood Still " is rated PG-13 and runs 103 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  The Day the Earth Stood Still " a remake of 1951 classic Keanu Reeves plays Klaatu , alien come to earth to tell humanity to straighten up New version suffers from preachy script , long , dull scenes
CNN  -- Police and health officials have raided a slaughterhouse and meat company in the United Kingdom as part of an ongoing investigation into horse meat that was labeled as beef , authorities said Tuesday . The West Yorkshire slaughterhouse is believed to have supplied horse carcasses to a firm called Farmbox Meats Ltd. , which then sold the meat as beef for kebabs and burgers . Authorities have suspended operations at both facilities and seized all remaining meat and company files , which include a client list . Neither company was immediately available for comment . "  I ordered an audit of all horse-producing abattoirs in the UK after this issue first arose last month and I was shocked to uncover what appears to be a blatant misleading of consumers , " said Andrew Rhodes , Food Standards Agency director of operations . Environment Secretary Owen Paterson called the revelations "  absolutely shocking . " "  It 's totally unacceptable if any business in the UK is defrauding the public by passing off horse meat as beef , " he said . "  I expect the full force of the law to be brought down on anyone involved in this kind of activity . " Horse meat was discovered in products that are supposed to be 100 % beef sold in Sweden , the United Kingdom and France . While authorities said there is no immediate cause for health concerns , the discovery was a new shock to an industry already reeling from a bombshell last month , when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in numerous hamburger products . Investigations are under way in France , Sweden and Britain . The supply chain being studied includes more countries . Earlier this month , Britain 's National Beef Association called for more specific labeling of meat products and asked that the words "  United Kingdom origin " be printed on packaging . CNN 's Erin Mclaughlin in London contributed to this report	NEW : National Beef Association calls for more specific labeling of meat products A firm called Farmbox Meats Ltd. also is raided amid the scandal Operations suspended at both facilities ; all remaining meat and firms ' files seized
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy tried to get permission to board a North Korean merchant vessel that it suspected was carrying illicit weapon technology in the South China Sea , the Pentagon confirmed Monday . It was denied permission , but the United States kept an eye on the vessel , which later turned around and returned to North Korea , the Pentagon said . The incident occurred late last month , it said . The MV Light is registered and flagged in Belize but was believed to be manned by a North Korean crew , according to Col. David Lapan , a Pentagon spokesman . According to Lapan , on May 26 , the merchant vessel was hailed by the USS McCampbell , which requested permission to board the ship and inspect its cargo . The ship 's master denied the request , telling the Navy ship that it was a North Korean ship , according to the Pentagon . Lapan said the vessel was in violation of international law in refusing the boarding . It was believed the ship might have been heading to Myanmar , he said . Several U.N. resolutions permit the boarding of ships suspected of carrying banned weapons cargo such as ballistic missile parts or technology . The McCampbell maintained surveillance of the vessel for several days . On May 29 the vessel turned around and headed back to a North Korean port , with the United States maintaining surveillance all the way , Lapan said . He would not specify how that surveillance was maintained , but the Navy is known to use surveillance aircraft at sea , and U.S. intelligence satellites regularly monitor North Korean ports .	Permission to board the ship was denied , the Pentagon says It was believed the ship might have been heading to Myanmar with banned technology The ship eventually returned to North Korea
CNN  -- It has been described by some of the people who have held the job as an insignificant one , but it gets attention every four years when presidential candidates are choosing the other half of their ticket . Here 's a by-the-numbers look at the vice presidency : Who might run with Romney ? 47 -- The number of vice presidents who have served the U.S. since 1789 . 13 -- The number of Republican vice presidents since 1900 . 10 -- The number of Democratic vice presidents since 1900 . Author looks to honor VPs ' ` history of insignificance ' 14 -- The number of vice presidents who became president of the United States . Eight of these were because of the death of the sitting president . 4 -- The number of vice presidents who went directly from that office to the presidency . They are John Adams , Thomas Jefferson , Martin Van Buren and George H.W. Bush . Acting as president of the Senate , each man was able to announce his own election to the presidency . 3 -- The number of vice presidents who , as president of the Senate , had to announce they 'd lost the presidential election . They are John Breckinridge , Richard Nixon and Al Gore . 1 -- The number of vice presidents who became president , but did not go directly from one office to the other . Richard Nixon left the office of vice president in 1961 and was inaugurated as president in 1969 . 2 -- The number of vice presidents who were not elected to the office . They are Gerald Ford and Nelson Rockefeller , both in the 1970s . 2 -- The number of vice presidents that resigned from office : John Calhoun and Spiro Agnew . 1967 -- The year that 25th Amendment was passed , clarifying what to do in the case of a presidential vacancy or disability . 3 -- The number of times that Section III of the 25th Amendment has been invoked -- in which the vice president becomes acting president . This happened in 1985 , when President Ronald Reagan underwent surgery , and in 2002 and 2007 , when President George W. Bush was sedated for medical procedures . VP candidates face ` intimate examination ' 3 -- The number of vice presidents who have won the Nobel Peace Prize . They are Theodore Roosevelt , Charles Dawes and Al Gore . 1 - Number of vice presidents accused of murder : Aaron Burr . 1 -- Number of vice presidents to take up arms against the United States government : John Breckinridge during the Civil War .	There have been 47 vice presidents to serve the U.S. since 1789 Two were not elected to the office , and three have won the Nobel Peace Prize One 's taken up arms against the U.S. government , and one 's been accused of murder
Sydney  CNN  -- Tony Abbott is a throwback to older , safer times when a knockabout Aussie bloke could call a sheila "  a good sort " and no one among those who understood the slang for a good-looking woman would blink . And it seems that much of Australia likes him that way -- the latest opinion polls have the 55-year-old Australian conservative opposition leader set to be the country 's next prime minister after the federal election on September 7 . Never mind the fact Australia 's first female Prime Minister , Julia Gillard , went viral with her damning misogyny speech about Abbott in the Australian Parliament -- "  I will not be lectured about sexism and misogyny by this man . I will not . " Never mind that a suitably solemn Abbott sat across from the Labor PM as she listed statement after statement of his that cemented his sexist credentials . Never mind that women around the world cheered to hear a female leader name it and shame it . At home , Gillard 's angry performance earlier this year proved to be nothing but a glancing blow . Those women who had long loathed him as a sexist felt vindicated . Some commentators tried to de-fang the attack by going to town on the fact Gillard had conflated sexism and misogyny . But it was all water off the backs of those Australians who thought then , and now , it 's time for a change of government and Abbott 's attitude to women is not a significant issue . As veteran feminist Eva Cox says : "  He 's an ` old-fashioned ' sexist , not a woman hater . It 's just that he does n't get that equality means treating women as normal human beings . He ca n't resist making the odd sexist ha-ha comment . " His deputy Julie Bishop disagrees Abbott is sexist . She told Channel 9 's Today program : "  He 's always been very respectful and supportive of me and my other female colleagues . " A few months after her famous speech , Gillard was ousted at the hands of her real rival , the former Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , whom she had helped to remove from office . As Gillard now sits on the sidelines , possibly enjoying a small twinge of relief that she is no longer subjected to almost daily attacks on her appearance , her body shape and voice , Australians find themselves in the middle of a testosterone-fueled election campaign . Yet strangely , as Rudd exhorts Abbott to "  man up " and Abbott demands his opponent "  be man enough , " the campaign has placed sexism front and center once again . This week Abbott was forced to dump a male candidate over a web forum which , according to media reports , included jokes about women making love on pool tables and "  tit banter . " Abbott , meanwhile , has suffered no harm electorally . He is an unreconstructed male who loves his sport , likes a beer and bravely tries to don the garb of man who cares about women -- in the right way . He now trots out one or several of his female family members , including his gay sister , to prove his credentials as a female-friendly politician . Trouble is , he just keeps having "  Dad moments . " On the campaign trail outside Sydney last week he listed "  sex appeal " as one of the key attributes of his party 's local candidate , Fiona Scott . There was no mention of her MBA or successful business career . He later described it as "  exuberance " and a "  dad moment " after his 20-year-old daughter Bridget told reporters : "  Dad is running for prime minister so he ca n't have any sort of daggy -LSB- uncool -RSB- moments . Everyone 's Dad is daggy in their own sort of way at times . " His daughter 's comments took the sting out of Abbott 's gaffe and may have convinced a few female voters that he is trying hard to curb outbreaks of his old-school attitudes . Abbott and his team appear to have decided that his sexist gaffes add to his knockabout "  larrikin " charm -- always an asset for a successful male Australian politician -- and that a few lame "  dad " comments will appeal to voters who also pull their rough-hewn males up in this way . It would explain why , a few days after his "  sex appeal " moment , Abbott was back in front of the cameras with Scott and , far from apologizing , he was on about her looks again . Commenting on her answer to a question about his economic plan , he quipped : "  Obviously from that answer she ai n't just a pretty face . " Scott 's response was on message . There was no need to apologize for an "  absolutely charming compliment between friends . " Now Abbott has upped the ante for female voters , throwing on the table what is the most expensive siren call to them Australia has ever seen . It 's a policy which his minders no doubt hope will erase forever the lingering smear of sexism and misogyny . He is offering a generous -- extravagant even , according to economic commentators -- paid parental leave scheme that signals his deeply-held social policy ambitions and old-fashioned family values . The scheme has put him at odds with business groups and many in his own party who have failed to dissuade him from it . It has also led to claims from unions that the scheme is unfair to low-paid women . The A$ 5.5 billion  US$ 5 billion  scheme gives working mothers six months ' leave on full pay , capped at a salary of A$ 150,000  US$ 135,000  . About half of the cost will be covered by a 1.5 % levy on taxable incomes over A$ 5 million  US$ 4.5 million  of the 3,000 largest Australian companies . This will be offset by a cut in company tax , but what has not been detailed is where the rest will come from , apart from " associated reductions in other outlays . " The announcement has had a mixed response from female commentators , with Cox declaring that the "  shrill " criticism of the scheme by some feminists was personal , not political . "  There are a lot feminist groups that are so anti-Abbott that they are objecting to this because it 's come from him . " Melbourne University Press publisher Louise Adler , who published his book "  Battlelines , " agrees that Abbott has been unpopular with women , but of his paid parental leave scheme she stated she was "  in favor of anything that assists families to be with their children . " It is another nail in the coffin of the national conversation about women and leadership and sexism that Gillard 's show-stopping speech ignited but which died away with her departure from the political stage . A News poll this week confirmed that female Labor voters deserted Gillard and have returned to the fold since Rudd took over . Yallana Burgess , 29 , told The Australian she had not backed Gillard , but would be supporting Rudd . Gillard , she said , had not been a role model for women "  and she was n't charismatic ... she could have used her position as a woman more effectively and I never got the sense that she was herself . " Cox believes Gillard 's speech failed to ignite a national war on sexism because the former prime minister was not much of a feminist . "  She was not a feminist leader . She did n't play the gender card -- although that was a plus . She was also not a promoter of the anti-sexist thing . She did n't make a big appeal to the women of Australia -- she did n't pitch for it . "  A lot of women were passionate about supporting her , but they were in a minority , " says Cox . It remains to be seen at the ballot box if Abbott 's multi-billion dollar policy pitch to women trumps any "  embarrassing dad " sexist tendencies or female Labor voters ' preference for Rudd over Gillard . But surely it says something about the level of "  old fashioned " political debate in Australia when one of the country 's more colorful mining magnates , Clive Palmer , feels the need to stress his own candidacy with this tweet : "  My hair is not as silky as Rudd 's and my body not as toned as Abbott 's but I offer common sense and real business experience #ausvotes . "	Australian leadership candidate has been accused of sexism , misogyny Polls show Tony Abbott is on track for an election victory on September 7 In 2012 , former PM Julia Gillard 's attack on him in parliament went viral Australian voters do n't seem disturbed by recent sexist gaffes
CNN  -- South Africa strengthened their grip on the Tri-Nations with a 29-17 victory over Australia in Cape Town on Saturday . The Springboks charge forward in their 29-17 victory over Australia at Newlands . It was the third straight win for the world champions , who were indebted to the boot of Morne Steyn as he totaled 24 points with seven penalties and a drop goal at Newlands . The Wallabies took a surprise lead in the second minute as Ashley Cooper barged over for a try with Matt Giteau converting , but the home side slowly took command . Steyne kicked three penalties in the space of six minutes to put them ahead and added a fourth after Berrick Barnes had restored Australia 's lead with a drop goal . Steyne then sent over a drop goal of his own and South Africa moved further ahead as Victor Matfield went over for their only try of the match . With the Wallabies reduced to 13 men as Giteau and Richard Brown were sin-binned , Steyn took advantage with another penalty to put them 23-10 ahead at the half . Steyn added his sixth penalty shortly after the break , but Giteau charged through for a try and converted his score to give them hope at 26-17 . Steyn 's final penalty with two minutes remaining wrapped up the victory . South Africa , who have played all their three matches at home , lead the standings with 12 points , with New Zealand on four and Australia , who have played a game less , with a solitary point . Victory continues a fine run of form for the Springboks , who beat the British and Irish Lions 2-1 in a thrilling series which preceded the annual Tri-Nations tournament .	South Africa beat Australia 29-17 in Tri-Nations match at Newlands World champion Springboks have won three straight matches in tournament Morne Steyn kicks 24 points for South Africa to seal victory
CNN  -- A small amount of radioactive gas escaped from a steam generator at Southern California 's San Onofre nuclear power plant during a water leak , but there was no threat to public health , federal regulators said Wednesday . Operators shut down the plant 's No. 3 reactor on Tuesday after the water leak was discovered , Nuclear Regulatory Commission spokesman Victor Dricks said . The gas was vented from the steam generator into an auxiliary building , where it triggered a radiation monitor , he said . The amount of gas that leaked was not immediately known , but it was a small amount that wo n't endanger the public or plant workers , Dricks said . He said the water leak was about six-hundredths of a gallon per minute , far below the levels required to declare an "  unusual event " -- the lowest of four NRC alert levels . NRC inspectors will conduct a follow-up review of the incident , Dricks said . The plant 's owner , Southern California Edison , reported the problem Tuesday , but had no new comment on Wednesday . The water leak occurred in the thousands of tubes that carry heated water from the reactor core through the steam generator , a 65-foot-tall , 640-ton piece of equipment that boils water used to drive the unit 's turbines . Though leaking tubes periodically occur in older units , Dricks said , Southern California Edison replaced the steam generators at San Onofre between 2009 and 2011 . CNN 's Karan Olson and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	A small amount of radioactive gas escaped from a steam generator , the NRC says The leak does not pose any threat to human health , an NRC spokesman says Operators shut down the No. 3 reactor at California 's San Onofre plant as a result
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A month after Nigeria 's ruling party ruled he may stand for re-election next year , President Goodluck Jonathan said Wednesday he intends to run . Jonathan said he plans to make a formal declaration about his candidacy Saturday . "  In presenting myself for service , I make no pretense that I have a magic wand that will solve all of Nigeria 's problems or that I am the most intelligent Nigerian , " Jonathan wrote on his Facebook page . "  Far from it . What I do promise is this -- if I am elected president in 2011 , I will make a covenant with you , the Nigerian people , to always do right by you , to tell you the truth at all times , to carry you along and most importantly to listen to you , fellow citizens in our communities , and also those of you on this page . " Jonathan 's eligibility was in question until last month , when the Peoples Democratic Party said he could run in an open race with other candidates next year . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must shift to different regions and ethnic groups every eight years . Jonathan -- who is from the Niger Delta , in the south -- was part of the joint ticket of the late President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who was from the north . Yar ` Adua 's death in May , after a long illness , upset the order of the zoning . Yar ` Adua was elected in 2007 and his southern replacement threatened to halt the north 's turn at holding power . "  I know you are tired of empty promises , so I will make only one promise to you today , " Jonathan wrote . "  The only promise I make to you my friends , fellow citizens and Nigeria , is to promise LESS and deliver MORE if I am elected . "	Jonathan says he will formally declare his candidacy Saturday He made the announcement on his Facebook page Authorities approved his eligibility last month
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- It 's 6:30 a.m. , and Paul Barlow is chatting with his friends over a breakfast buffet of eggs , bacon and fresh fruit . Dressed in a dark gray blazer , Barlow waits to take his seat in the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Center 's auditorium for a special concert by the Dekalb Symphony Orchestra . But the musicians are n't playing for Barlow and his friends . They 're playing for Billy Crystal , Bette Midler and the rest of the "  Parental Guidance " cast . Once the violins sound and the cameras start rolling , Barlow will merely fade into the background , along with the other 300 movie extras on set . The 55-year-old first started working as an extra in November 2010 to provide for his family amid the downturn of his ad sales career . Since losing his job in April , he 's become a staple on movie and TV sets around Georgia -- and he 's not the only one . Many of the "  concertgoers " present at the shoot for "  Parental Guidance , " due out in November 2012 , were between jobs , or looking for a fun way to make extra  pun intended  cash . The recession definitely pushed some people into extra work , said Linda Burns , a commercial and independent film producer who leads a workshop called "  How To Be an Extra and On Set Protocol . " Burns said half the class is usually made up of recent graduates with a passion for acting , while the other 50 % are "  people who lost their jobs and love movies and TV . " "  If you 're not working at all , " she said , "  and if you do n't qualify for unemployment ... you 're going to make more money on set than you are in your house filling out job applications . There 's so much downtime on set . It allows you time to read or look for those jobs online with your smartphone . " And while extra work makes a great supplemental income , Burns said treating it like a full time job -- as Barlow has for the past year -- might be financially challenging . Movie extras in Georgia typically make between $ 58 and $ 101.50 for an 8 - to 12-hour day . Compare that to the $ 140 an extra makes in Los Angeles or New York for the same 8 hours . Screen Actors Guild rates are higher than the non-union wages extras are entitled to in Georgia , casting director Bill Marinella said . "  If you 're hiring somebody at minimum wage ... they might not show , " he added . Extras are asked to drive to set , bring different outfits , and then pay to have those outfits dry-cleaned -- it would end up costing them money to be there , he said . But beyond the commitment , Marinella said there 's "  little skill involved in being a movie extra . ... It 's all based on a look , and then whatever skills you may have . " And Barlow certainly has a look . Like the extra says , "  My eyebrows are what 's making me the money . " "  He 's just a character , " Marinella said . "  You ca n't help but look at him . He has an interesting face . " Marinella originally planned to use Barlow as a stand-in for Eugene Levy on "  American Reunion , " but despite the men 's equally bushy brows , they were n't close enough in height . Instead , Barlow plays a caterer in the film , which will hit theaters in April 2012 . In addition to height , skin tone , hair color and , in some cases , eyebrows , movie extras need an appropriate wardrobe . The orchestra scene for the Crystal - and Midler-starrer called for conservative , upscale dress -- hence Barlow 's gray blazer and button-down shirt . "  I probably have about seven suits from being a salesman , " Barlow said . "  That 's the number one thing you need as a guy my age . A guy in his 50s is always playing a businessman . " But a fancy suit is n't always a good thing . "  Extras run the risk of being seen in front of the camera when their wardrobe is so damn glamorous , " Marinella said . And though it seems like a close-up would be welcomed by movie extras , to be invited back to set , which means another paycheck , extras need to remain hidden in the background . "  You ca n't make a movie with the same extras , " Marinella explained . Viewers would notice if the person playing a bartender showed up in the next scene as a lawyer . That 's why Burns teaches her extras to lay low on set . Do n't be so dramatic that you become a distraction , she warns . The other rule ? Avoid wearing clothes that do n't translate well on film . That means any small pattern , and colors like red , black and white . Since Barlow has been on the extra scene , he 's appeared in more than 20 productions . Some of which are "  The Three Stooges , " "  American Reunion , " "  The Odd Life of Timothy Green " and Lifetime 's "  Drop Dead Diva . " And he had a speaking role in August 's "  The Change-Up " -- he played an "  amalgamated attorney . " A speaking role is the extra Holy Grail . It means a significant pay increase , too . Despite such opportunities , Barlow says it 's not a glamorous job . He once heard a crew member say , ` Here comes the furniture , ' when the extras walked on set . "  I need the money so bad , I ca n't miss a day on set , " Barlow said , calling extra work the lowest paying job he 'll ever love . But the work does n't dictate every extra 's livelihood . Barbara Derketsch , an usher at the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Center , is someone Marinella refers to as a specialty extra . No stranger to the role , Derketsch was asked to play an usher in "  Parental Guidance . " "  We used the real ushers ... because they know how to walk . We do n't have to teach them how to walk . ... They gesture with their hands a certain way , " Marinella said . And the same goes for basketball players , nurses , ballerinas , waiters and so on . " -LSB- Waiters -RSB- are used to standing on their feet . ... They carry a tray a certain way . ... To me , that 's a skill , " Marinella said . "  I 'll give you an extra $ 20 , $ 50 because you 're a real waiter . ... The director wo n't have to say ` cut ' to some knucklehead who does n't even know how to carry a tray . " Derketsch , who filmed a scene with Crystal that could make it to the big screen , said the ushers were given film-friendly uniforms to wear for the shoot . Usually dressed in white shirts , red vests and black bow ties -- the three most distracting colors to shoot -- the ushers in the film were provided with blue shirts and black vests and ties for the scene . Another first-time extra , Cameron Gaines , took time off from teaching preschool to appear as a concertgoer in the film . Gaines , who acted in high school and college , said she was curious to see how movies are made , and what being an extra was all about . But at the end of the shoot , when Gaines heads back to the classroom , extras like Barlow , who are hoping to make it in the biz , will move on to the next set . There are so many possible ways to earn money in the film industry , Burns says , " -LSB- Extra work -RSB- is the easiest way to get in the door when you do n't have experience , " she added . "  It has helped -LSB- people -RSB- move into better paying positions and find a whole new career . " "  There 's no doubt I love being in front of the camera , " Barlow said . "  But I 'm starting to discover ... that I could probably write a script . ... Down the line I could see it . " For now , he says , his goal is to make a decent living and support his family doing this .	The recession pushed some people into extra work , producer says Many extras in "  Parental Guidance " are between jobs , or looking to make extra cash Movie extras in Georgia typically make between $ 58 and $ 101.50 for an 8 - to 12-hour day
LONDON , England  CNN  -- China executed at least 470 people last year -- more than any other country in the world , according to an annual report on the death penalty by the human rights group Amnesty International . A woman is shown being taken to her execution in Beijing , China , in 2001 . The group said that five countries carried out 88 percent of all known executions worldwide : China  470 people  , Iran  317  , Saudi Arabia  143  , Pakistan  135  and the United States  42  . Exact figures for how many people were put to death in China are difficult to come by because the country considers the death penalty a "  state secret , " Amnesty said . "  As the world and Olympic guests are left guessing , only the Chinese authorities know exactly how many people have been killed with state authorization , " the group said . Last year , China reformed the way capital cases are handled , with the Supreme Court deciding all cases . This led to a drop in the number of executions , with "  half of the cases changed to a reprieve in the end , " according to an article last week in China 's state-run news agency , Xinhua . In December , the United Nations General Assembly called for a global end to the death penalty . But for now , the Amnesty report said , many countries continued to execute people for offenses that trigger much less severe sentences in other countries . In Iran , for example , a father of two was stoned to death for adultery . An Egyptian national was beheaded in Saudi Arabia for practicing sorcery . And a factory manager in North Korea was shot by a firing squad because he appointed his children as managers and made international phone calls . E-mail to a friend	China executed at least 470 people in the last year , says human rights group Iran had second-highest level of executions in 2007 , Amnesty says United States recorded fifth-highest number of executions , report finds
SANTA BARBARA , California  CNN  -- Barbara Harvey climbs into the back of her small Honda sport utility vehicle and snuggles with her two golden retrievers , her head nestled on a pillow propped against the driver 's seat . Californian Barbara Harvey says she is forced to sleep in her car with her dogs after losing her job earlier this year . A former loan processor , the 67-year-old mother of three grown children said she never thought she 'd spend her golden years sleeping in her car in a parking lot . "  This is my bed , my dogs , " she said . "  This is my life in this car right now . " Harvey was forced into homelessness this year after being laid off . She said that three-quarters of her income went to paying rent in Santa Barbara , where the median house in the scenic oceanfront city costs more than $ 1 million . She lost her condo two months ago and had little savings as backup . "  It went to hell in a handbasket , " she said . "  I did n't think this would happen to me . It 's just something that I do n't think that people think is going to happen to them , is what it amounts to . It happens very quickly , too . " Harvey now works part time for $ 8 an hour , and she draws Social Security to help make ends meet . But she still can not afford an apartment , and so every night she pulls into a gated parking lot to sleep in her car , along with other women who find themselves in a similar predicament . Watch women who live in their cars " There are 12 parking lots across Santa Barbara that have been set up to accommodate the growing middle-class homelessness . These lots are believed to be part of the first program of its kind in the United States , according to organizers . The lots open at 7 p.m. and close at 7 a.m. and are run by New Beginnings Counseling Center , a homeless outreach organization . It is illegal for people in California to sleep in their cars on streets . New Beginnings worked with the city to allow the parking lots as a safe place for the homeless to sleep in their vehicles without being harassed by people on the streets or ticketed by police . Harvey stays at the city 's only parking lot for women . "  This is very safe , and that 's why I feel very comfortable , " she said . Nancy Kapp , the New Beginnings parking lot coordinator , said the group began seeing a need for the lots in recent months as California 's foreclosure crisis hit the city hard . She said a growing number of senior citizens , women and lower - and middle-class families live on the streets . See how foreclosure filings are up 75 percent " "  You look around today , and there are so many , " said Kapp , who was homeless with her young daughter two decades ago . "  I see women sleeping on benches . It 's heartbreaking . " She added , "  The way the economy is going , it 's just amazing the people that are becoming homeless . It 's hit the middle class . " She and others with New Beginnings walk the streets looking for people and families sleeping in their cars . The workers inform them about the parking lot program . New Beginnings screens people to make sure they wo n't cause trouble . No alcohol or drugs are allowed in the parking lots . "  What we are trying to do is we pull bad apples out , and we put good apples in the parking lots and really help people out , " said Shaw Tolley , another coordinator with New Beginnings . Most of the time , the lots are transition points . New Beginnings works with each person to try to find a more permanent housing solution . "  It saddens me when they live in their vehicles , " Tolley said . "  It is not the most ideal situation for senior citizens and families , but it is reality . " He added , "  We need to engage this problem . This is reality . " John Quigley , an economics professor at the University of California-Berkeley , said the California housing crisis has left many middle-class families temporarily homeless or forced them to go to food banks to feed their families . "  Part of the reason why it 's so painful in Santa Barbara is , there 's so little in the way of alternative housing , " Quigley said . "  If there were alternative low and moderate housing and rental accommodations that were reasonably close by , you can imagine it would n't have this desperate look to it as people living in their cars . " At the only lot for women in Santa Barbara , it 's a tough existence . There are no showers or running water . On the night CNN visited , a half-dozen women were in the parking lot before nightfall . Linn Labou , 54 , lives in her car with four cats . She used to be in the National Guard and is on a waiting list for government housing , but the wait is a year long . "  I went looking for family , but I could n't get them to help me , " she said . As for Harvey , she begins each day by walking her two dogs before going to her part-time job . She leaves the dogs in her car with its windows cracked while she works . It 's another chapter in her life that she 's certain she 'll get through . Her 19-year-old daughter moved in with friends to avoid being homeless . Her other children live overseas , and she did n't want to tell them about her living status . Even if her children offered to help , she said , she would n't accept it . "  They know me well enough to know that I will get through this . " "  My daughter especially is very unhappy . Sometimes she 'll cry , and she 'll call and say , ` Mom , I just ca n't stand it that you are living in a car , ' " Harvey said . "  I 'll say , ` You know what ? This is OK for right now , because I 'm safe , I 'm healthy , the dogs are doing OK , and I have a job , and things will get better . ' " CNN 's Gregg Canes and Traci Tamura contributed to this report .	Mother of three grown children says , "  This is my life in this car right now " Santa Barbara , California , allows homeless to sleep in cars in 12 parking lots Affluent city has seen a rise in homelessness during California 's housing crisis Advocate : "  It 's just amazing the people that are becoming homeless "
CNN  -- Milwaukee , Wisconsin , police have arrested a man whose DNA linked him to the bodies of nine women killed over 21 years , officials said at a news conference Monday night . Walter E. Ellis , 49 , was arrested after police matched a DNA swab taken from him last week to the victims . Walter E. Ellis , 49 , was arrested after police matched a DNA swab taken from him last week to DNA left on the bodies of nine women killed since 1986 . Police said eight of the women were prostitutes and one was a runaway involved with drugs . They were all killed within a 3-square-mile area of Milwaukee 's north side . "  This case was solved with shoe leather and science , " Milwaukee Police Chief Edward A. Flynn said . "  Continuing advances in DNA technology have enabled us to link these homicide cases , and it was good police work pursuing numerous leads that led to the arrest of a suspect . " The homicides occurred between 1986 and 2007 , police said . See where the bodies were found " Ellis was charged Monday with two counts of first degree murder relating to two of the deaths : 41-year-old Joyce Mims , who was killed in 1997 , and 28-year-old Ouithreaun Stokes , who was killed in April 2007 . Police said more charges are likely . It was n't immediately clear whether Ellis had obtained an attorney . Police said other victims linked to Ellis through DNA were : Tanya L. Miller , killed in 1986 ; Deborah L. Harris , killed in 1986 ; Sheila Farrior , strangled in 1995 ; Florence McCormick , strangled in 1995 ; Irene Smith , killed in 1992 ; Carron D. Kilpatrick , killed in 1992 , and Jessica Payne , killed in 1995 . Flynn told CNN it was hard for investigators to discern a geographic pattern for the homicides . In the 20-year period , more than 2,000 slayings occurred in Milwaukee , he said -- 200 of them in the same area where the bodies were found . Another challenge investigators faced was the developing technology of DNA evidence . The technology in 2009 far exceeds that available in 1986 or even 2002 , he said . It was only this year that police were able to link the nine homicides with the same DNA pattern . Even then "  we did not have anyone to match our DNA profile against , until we were able to get -LSB- Ellis ' -RSB- toothbrush , " he told CNN . A Wisconsin law passed in 2000 mandated the DNA collection from convicted felons . Ellis was released from prison in 2001 without having his DNA sample collected , Flynn said . Because his name had surfaced in the investigation and because he was also listed in two FBI databases , authorities decided to investigate him further and were able to obtain the search warrant that allowed them to collect his DNA from his toothbrush , the police chief said . News of Ellis ' arrest shocked those who knew him . "  That was just my ex-boyfriend , " his former girlfriend , Chanita , told CNN affiliate WISN-TV . She asked that her last name not be used . "  I did n't know nothing about nothing like this . I 'm getting shivery now cause you 're talking about some strangling stuff . Lord have mercy on me . I 'm just a wreck right now . I ca n't believe this . I 'm trembling in here . I 'm shakin ' . " Chanita said she dated Ellis for four years . "  I ca n't believe it . This is a shock , " she told WISN . "  I got like goose bumps on my arms instantly when you told me that . I 'm like no way -- not Walter -- I ca n't see him hurting nobody . " For relatives of the victims , the news brought mixed emotions . "  I knew they was gon na get him , I knew it , " Patricia Donald , best friend of victim Deborah Harris , told WISN . "  Finally he ca n't hurt nobody anymore . " For her and others , like Sandy Farrior , whose daughter Sheila was linked to Ellis , it was news that helped bring closure . "  Late justice is better than no justice , " he told WISN . In addition to advances in DNA technology , officials attributed the break in the case to the repeated investigation of cold cases by the Milwaukee Police Department 's Homicide Task Force Cold Case Unit . Although Mims and Stokes were strangled about a decade apart , similar DNA on their bodies helped lead police to a suspect . Watch where cops got DNA sample " Mims was found strangled and lying on her back wearing only socks on June 20 , 1997 , in a small closet near a living room in Milwaukee , according to court documents . Police found DNA on her body , but there were no matches in the system , the court documents show . On April 27 , 2007 , Stokes was found strangled , partially clothed and lying face down in a living room in Milwaukee , according to court documents . When lab technicians tested the DNA found on her body , they found it directly matched the DNA found on Mims . On August 29 of this year , armed with a search warrant , police took a toothbrush and razor from Ellis ' home . Testing showed the DNA found on Mims and Stokes was a match to Ellis , according to court documents . Ellis has been charged at least 10 times with varying offenses ranging from violent crimes to property crimes between 1981 and 1998 , though some of the charges were dismissed , online court records in Wisconsin show . He was sentenced to five years in state prison after he pleaded no contest to a reckless injury charge in 1998 . None of the victims linked to Ellis was killed during the time he was in jail . However , two men were charged in slayings later linked to Ellis , according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . Curtis McCoy was charged in October 1994 with killing Kilpatrick , but he was later acquitted by a jury , the newspaper reported . It also said Chaunte Ott , who was convicted of killing Payne , served 13 years in prison before being released in January , after DNA analysis showed semen found on the girl 's body was not his . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	DNA found on bodies of nine women matched to Walter E. Ellis , police say Ellis charged in two killings and more charges likely , police say Police chief hails arrest : "  This case was solved with shoe leather and science " The women were killed between 1986 and 2007
CNN  -- A weekend of back-and-forth between two governors , the federal government and a nurse about mandatory quarantines left more questions than answers . At the heart of the debate : Would such quarantines on health workers who just came back from treating Ebola patients in West Africa help prevent the spread of the virus , or would they discourage medical aid workers from helping fight the global crisis ? Here 's what we know about the latest Ebola policies : Who enacted tougher rules for health workers ? New York , New Jersey and Illinois say anyone returning from having direct contact with Ebola patients in West Africa will have to be quarantined for 21 days . The 21-day period marks the maximum incubation period for Ebola . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn 's office said the quarantine would be a "  home quarantine . " "  This protective measure is too important to be voluntary , " Quinn said . When New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced their new policies on Friday , they called for hospitalization or quarantine . But on Sunday night , after debate over the policies heated up , the governors said the quarantines could be carried out at home . Cuomo , Christie clarify policy on Ebola health worker quarantines Would home quarantines even work ? Depends on which side you ask . Neither Christie nor Cuomo explained how a home quarantine would work if family members were also in the home . It 's also unclear how a home quarantine would or could be enforced if the quarantined person chose to leave the house . On the other hand , the governors say something had to be done ; that asking returning medical workers to voluntarily quarantine themselves has n't worked . Public health experts say there 's plenty of scientific evidence indicating there 's very little chance that a random people will get Ebola , unless they are in very close contact -- close enough to touch bodily fluids -- with someone who has it . Still , there 's also a sense that authorities have to do something because of Americans ' fears -- rational or not -- and the belief that the country is better off safe than sorry . As Mike Osterholm , an infectious disease epidemiologist at the University of Minnesota , says , "  You want to try to eliminate not just real risk , but perceived risk . " What led up to the policies ? Not long after she returned home from covering Ebola in Liberia , NBC medical correspondent Dr. Nancy Snyderman violated her voluntary quarantine in New Jersey to pick up takeout from a restaurant in October -- even after her colleague became infected . In New York , city workers scrambled to retrace the steps of Dr. Craig Spencer , who tested positive last week . He 'd been on the subway and to a bowling alley , among other places . What are the concerns about such quarantines ? The concerns are twofold : One , it could deter doctors and nurses from traveling to West Africa to help rid Ebola ; and two , it could greatly impede the livelihoods of health care workers . "  If I lose three weeks on my return and do n't get to do the work I 'm supposed to do ... means this would n't be workable for me , " said Dr. John Carlson , a pediatric immunologist at Tulane University . The director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention expressed a similar view earlier this month , arguing that stringent travel restrictions might create more problems than they solve . "  It makes it hard to get health workers in , because they ca n't get out , " Dr. Tom Frieden said . "  If we make it harder to respond to the outbreak in West Africa , it will spread not only in those three countries  in West Africa hit hardest by Ebola  , but to other parts of Africa and ultimately increase the risk here " in the United States . Who would pay for the time off ? Cuomo added that if employers do n't pay quarantined workers for the time they are absent while under quarantine , "  the government will . " How has this affected health care workers ? The same day the governors announced their tougher policies Friday , nurse Kaci Hickox arrived at Newark Liberty Airport after spending a month helping treat Ebola patients in Sierra Leone . She did n't have any symptoms and tested negative for Ebola . Nonetheless , the nurse from Kent , Maine , was holed up inside a quarantine tent at University Hospital in Newark over the weekend . She was released from the hospital Monday , according to her attorney , and will return to Maine . "  This is an extreme that is really unacceptable , and I feel like my basic human rights have been violated , " Hickox told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union " on Sunday . She slammed Christie for describing her as "  obviously ill . " "  First of all , I do n't think he 's a doctor . Secondly , he 's never laid eyes on me . And thirdly , I 've been asymptomatic since I 've been here , " Hickox said . Is Hickox 's quarantine unconstitutional ? Attorney Stephen Hyman said there 's a "  legal basis " to challenge the quarantine policies in New Jersey and in New York , but the nurse is n't sure she wants to do so . Christie said he was glad that Hickox had been released and defended his actions . "  The reason she was put in the hospital in the first place was because she was running a high fever and was symptomatic . If you live in New Jersey , you 're quarantined in your home . "  That 's always been the policy . If you live outside the state , and you 're symptomatic , we 're not letting you go onto public transportation . It makes no common sense . The minute she was no longer symptomatic , she was released , " the governor said . Hickox said she has nothing to recover from . Her temperature is normal , and she feels fine . Who else might amp up Ebola rules ? Florida is starting mandatory monitoring for all travelers returning from West Africa , and Virginia is following suit . "  Virginia will implement an active monitoring program on Monday for all returning passengers from Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , with a special emphasis on returning health care workers , " said Virginia governor spokesman Brian Coy . Cuomo says he knows some people probably think he 's overreacting . "  We 're staying one step ahead , " the governor said . "  Some people will say we are being too cautious . I 'll take that criticism because that 's better than the alternative . " Is n't there a middle ground ? There is . One possibility is to have those travelers go through more than just temperature checks . Dr. Irwin Redlener , director of Columbia University 's National Center for Disaster Preparedness , says one such measure could be checking daily for decreases in white blood cell counts or platelets -- which could be , but are n't necessarily , a sign of an Ebola infection . And Osterholm thinks there should be stricter controls on what a person who arrives from West Africa does in his or her first three weeks in the United States . For instance , he thinks such a person should n't take public transportation or go to crowded places like bowling alleys -- both of which officials say Spencer did before he was symptomatic . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Ray Sanchez , Sara Fischer , Joe Sutton and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	NEW : A nurse who was quarantined at a hospital in New Jersey is released The New York and New Jersey governors announce tighter rules Health workers returning from West Africa will be home quarantined for 3 weeks
CNN  -- The man who shot officers inside a Detroit police station had a relative who is scheduled to be sentenced for double homicide Monday , said the city 's police chief , who would not confirm that as the motive behind the attack . "  We ca n't speculate as to motive , " Chief Ralph Godbee said in a news conference Monday . "  There is nothing in this that makes sense at all . " Lamar Deshea Moore , 38 , walked into a police precinct Sunday and "  indiscriminately began firing , " Godbee said . He was shot and killed by return gunfire from police , according to the chief . Two of the four officers wounded in the shooting were hospitalized in stable condition Monday , Godbee said . Cmdr. Brian Davis is recovering from a gunshot wound to back , and Sgt. Brian Anderson was grazed in the head , he said . Sgt. Ray Saati also was grazed in the head . He and Sgt. Carrie Schultz have been treated and released from the hospital . Schultz was shot in the chest , but was protected by a bulletproof vest , according to police . The shooting has led to the reassessment of security measures by police officials . According to the chief , Mayor Dave Bing has committed to bringing in resources necessary to provide a safe environment , and interim measures will be put in place . "  We will do whatever is necessary to provide an environment for our officers that is safe , " Godbee said , but he would n't specify any immediate changes . The chief said his office will be presenting the mayor with recommendations of security protocols that are "  reflective of the reality that we have to live with every day . " Officers involved in the attack were praised for their bravery . "  Through it all , our officers maintained courageous calm , " he said . "  They returned fire , they took cover , they did all the things we train them to do under pressure . " Counseling will be provided for officers affected by the shootings , said the chief . Meanwhile , efforts to find a motive for the shooting continues . Godbee said the police plan to speak with members of Moore 's family and friends to see whether they can provide any helpful information .	Two of the wounded officers are in stable condition , police chief says The shooter , Lamar Deshea Moore , was killed in the exchange of fire Police Chief Ralph Godbee praises officers for their "  courageous calm "
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- A Kenyan man has sued activists who called on women to boycott sex to protest the growing divide in the nation 's coalition government . James Kimondo said the seven-day sex ban , which ended this week , resulted in stress , mental anguish , backaches and lack of sleep , his lawyer told the state-run Kenya Broadcasting Corp. . The lawsuit filed Friday claims lack of conjugal rights affected Kimondo 's marriage and seeks undisclosed damages from the G-10 , an umbrella group for women 's activists , KBC said . The women 's caucus caused a national debate when it urged women to withhold sex to protest increasingly frosty relations between President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga . Citizens of the east African nation are frustrated by a shaky coalition government , which was formed after post-election violence killed more than 1,000 people in 2008 . The wrangling between Kibaki and Odinga has sparked fears of more violence . Gender activists say they are not worried about the lawsuit . "  I have not been served with the papers , but I was told they are coming and I am eagerly waiting , " said Ann Njogu , executive , director of Centers for Rights Education and Awareness . "  It will be interesting to see the face of a man who is not willing to abstain for the sake of his country . " Despite the lawsuit , Njogu said , the boycott was successful . "  The principal leaders met as a result of the boycott , and I understand that they are setting up reforms to look into the country 's internal security , " she said . Plans are under way for women activists to meet with Kibaki and Odinga , according to Njogu . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Kenyan sues activists , claims recent sex ban affected his marriage Women were urged to withhold sex to force political reform Activists not worried about lawsuit , claim sex boycott worked
A cache of weapons seized from a ship off the coast of Yemen had markings that indicate they came from Iran , a U.S. official said Tuesday . The markings on those weapons -- which included surface-to-air missiles , potent explosives and rocket-propelled grenades -- indicate they came from Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps facilities , said the official , who declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . The weapons were believed to be headed for Shiite Muslim insurgents in Yemen , the official told CNN . The country 's government has fought periodic battles against the Houthis , a Shiite rebel movement in northern Yemen , in a conflict seen as both separatist and sectarian . Yemen accused Shiite-majority Iran of supporting the Houthis during their last major revolt , in 2009 , which saw Sunni-led Saudi Arabia launching airstrikes against suspected Houthis on its side of the border . Iran denied the allegations and criticized the Saudi strikes . Yemen 's government announced the arms seizure on Monday , saying the ship had been boarded in Yemeni territorial waters in the Arabian Sea on January 23 . The American destroyer USS Farragut was working with Yemeni authorities when they spotted the vessel in question , an Obama administration official said Monday . The ship had several flags onboard , but no reliable documentation showing where it came from , the official added . The firepower included anti-aircraft missiles , C4 military-grade explosives , ammunition and bomb-making equipment such as circuits , remote triggers and various handheld explosives , the Yemenis said . The vessel carried a crew of eight Yemenis , they said . The Obama administration official described the seizure as a joint operation , and said U.S. forces joined their Yemeni counterparts in boarding the suspect boat .	The weapons may have been headed for Yemeni Shiite rebels , a U.S. official says Yemen has accused Iran of supporting an earlier Shiite revolt Iran has denied the allegations
