CNN  -- Syria says results will be available Monday from its referendum on changes to the country 's constitution , a vote taken as government troops continued pounding the opposition stronghold of Homs and other cities . Opposition activists reported at least 55 deaths across the country on Sunday , including 25 in Homs , which has been under bombardment for more than three weeks . Despite the ongoing violence , it held a vote on what the government of President Bashar al-Assad calls a move toward reform . Interior Minister Mohammed al-Shaar said the voting ran "  normally " in most provinces , and turnout was "  huge ... except in some areas , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . Results from the vote would be announced Monday evening , SANA said . But analysts and protesters ridicule the constitutional referendum as window dressing , the latest in a series of superficial measures intended to pacify al-Assad 's critics . Lt. Col. Mohamed Hamado , a spokesman for the rebel Free Syrian Army , said civilians reported government authorities were pressuring them to support the new constitution . Al-Assad 's family has ruled Syria for four decades . Andrew Tabler , a Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said the president is using the referendum "  to get people to leave the streets " after a nearly year-long uprising . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists , has said about 9,000 people have been killed since the government launched its crackdown on opposition last March . The Syrian government says more than 2,000 members of its security forces have been killed by "  terrorists " during that period , including seven "  martyrs " who were buried Sunday , SANA reported . CNN and other media outlets can not independently verify opposition or government reports because Syria has severely limited access to the country by foreign journalists . But the vast majority of reports from the ground indicate government forces are massacring citizens in an attempt to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . In Homs , the International Committee of the Red Cross has been trying for days to negotiate even a temporary cease-fire to deliver humanitarian aid into the Homs and its hardest-hit neighborhood , Baba Amr , without success . "  The negotiations continue -- they never stop . We remain very hopeful to get back into Baba Amr , but the negotiations have been difficult , " said Saleh Dabkah , a spokesman for the local partner organization , the Red Crescent . Sunday 's toll also included nine deaths in Hama , seven in Daraa and 11 in Idlib , where Syrian tanks began shelling the city early Sunday , according to the LCC . Syria announced the referendum amid intense international pressure to halt the bloodshed and open up its regime to reforms . But among the changes in Sunday 's referendum was one article that states "  the law shall regulate the provisions and procedures related to the formation of political parties . " "  Carrying out any political activity or forming any political parties or groupings on the basis of religious , sectarian , tribal , regional , class-based , professional , or on discrimination based on gender , origin , race or color may not be undertaken , " it continues . The language suggests government permission is needed to form a party and excludes a number of people and groups from political activity , Tabler said . "  It 's not going to change the fact that it 's a minority-dominated situation , " he said . "  It will remain a presidential system with powers vested in the hands of the president . " But former Syrian lawmaker George Jabbour said "  clause 8 of the new draft of the constitution is the essential point " of the document . It "  allows a multi-party system " instead of leaving the ruling Baath Party as "  the leading party of the society and the state , " as current constitution does . Jabbour said "  special committees will be formed to look into the licensing of new parties in line with the new constitution . " As for presidential elections , they "  will be competitive since there is no leading party anymore , and all the parties ' candidates are eligible provided their candidacy is endorsed by at least 35 members of parliament , " Jabbour said . Meanwhile , the opposition Syrian National Council urged Syria 's Alawite community , the minority sect to which al-Assad belongs , to join the revolt and promised their rights would be protected in a post-Assad Syria . "  The Alawites remain an important component of Syria , and will continue to enjoy the same rights as other citizens as we build one nation of Christians , Muslims , and other sects , " an SNC statement declared . "  The regime will not be successful in pitting us against one another . We are determined to unite our society , and the first step is for us to extend our hand to our Alawite brothers and sisters , to build in Syria a nation governed by citizenship and the rule of law . " The opposition council acknowledged that the revolt had been tinged with "  sectarian strife " -- but it blamed that on al-Assad 's "  brutal violence , which has led to an increase in sectarianism . " "  However , it is important to emphasize that the first step in halting sectarian strife in Syria is to overthrow the regime , " it said . "  We in the SNC consider members of the Alawite sect to be an essential element of Syria 's cultural and ethnic fabric . " And U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday that diplomatic efforts were under way to peel away support from Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad . "  We have a lot of contacts , as do other countries -- a lot of sources within the Syrian government and the business community and minority communities -- and our message is the same to all of them : ` You can not continue to support this illegitimate regime because it is going to fall , ' " Clinton told CNN . But she said the SNC was not yet the kind of united opposition movement that toppled Moammar Gadhafi with international help in Libya last year . The Libyan opposition base in the city of Beghazi gave the international community "  an address " to deal with , Clinton said . "  We do n't have that in Syria , " she said . "  The Syrian National Council is doing the best it can but obviously it is not yet a united opposition . " And former U.S. national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski also cautioned against seeing Syria as another Libya . "  We should n't be careless in any comparisons between Assad and Gadhafi . Gadhafi was far more vulnerable than Assad is . I think it 's far from clear yet that Assad can , in fact , be overthrown at this stage , " Brzezinski told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " He recommended letting regional powers take the lead on whether to arm Syria 's opposition . "  I would be very much guided by the Turks and the Saudis . The Turks have the regional role to play . They 're assuming that role . They have intelligent leadership , " he said . "  The choice of how to act and particularly if one is to be engaged in some fashion militarily , I think , has to be made first by them and also the Saudis , and not first by us . " Questioned about the brutality that the government has unleashed since demonstrations began nearly a year ago , Brzezinksi said that history shows brutality often works . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan , Joe Sterling and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : 55 people were killed Sunday , opposition activists say NEW : Syrian opposition appeals to al-Assad 's Alawite community Hillary Clinton says al-Assad 's regime is "  illegitimate and going to fall " A former top White House official warns that Syria is not like Libya
CNN  -- Actress Emma Watson not only stirred the Internet with her recent moving speech before the United Nations , but she also joined a cadre of celebrities who have used their star power to bring attention to gender issues . Watson , best known for her role as Hermione Granger in the "  Harry Potter " films , spoke Saturday as part of the launch of a new HeForShe campaign , which is aimed at getting men involved in stopping violence against women .  HeForShe is a U.N. initiative for gender equality .  The actress was appointed as a goodwill ambassador for U.N. Women six months ago and advocated for everyone to be involved in the movement . "  How can we affect change in the world when only half of it is invited or feel welcome to participate in the conversation ? " Watson said . "  Men -- I would like to take this opportunity to extend your formal invitation . Gender equality is your issue , too . " Watson is just one of several celebrities who have spoken out in an effort to protect women . Actress Charlize Theron has been a U.N. ambassador of peace and recorded public service announcements for the Stop Rape Now program as part of the U.N. Action Against Sexual Violence in Conflict . Through her association with the beauty company Avon  where she has been an honorary chair of the Avon Foundation  , Reese Witherspoon has taken on the issue of domestic violence . In 2009 Witherspoon visited the House of Commons in the United Kingdom in support of the Four Ways to Speak Out program . "  You 're not alone , and if you reach out , there 's someone next door to you in your life who is ready to give you support and care and love , and it 's important to know that , " the actress said at the time . And female celebrities are not the only stars who have taken up the cause . In 2010 , country singer Tim McGraw was awarded a True Ally Award at the 2010 Men Stopping Violence annual awards for his work to reduce domestic violence , which has included efforts with his wife , singer Faith Hill , to raise funds for battered women 's shelters . "  I am a product of domestic violence , " McGraw reportedly said then . "  It is a learned behavior . I learned a lot . I learned how not to treat my wife , how not to treat my family . My wife , Faith Hill , is my inspiration and my partner in all I do . " In her U.N. speech Saturday , Watson said she hopes to recruit everyone in the battle to assist women . The British actress said she wanted to end the belief that feminism is equivalent to "  man-hating . " "  We want to try to galvanize as many men and boys as possible to be advocates for change , and we do n't just want to talk about it , " she said . "  We want to try and make sure that it 's tangible . "	Emma Watson speaks as part of her role as a U.N. goodwill ambassador Other celebs have used their star power to highlight gender issues The actress said feminism is not "  man-hating "
In 1985 , Meng Weina set up China 's first private special needs school in the southern city of Guangzhou . As a single mother she was motivated to help those who are often overlooked by the country 's health care system and stigmatized by society . From her first center in Guangzhou , Weina now has Hui Ling operations in a dozen cities across China providing a range of services , from kindergartens and primary schools to youth workshops and adult residential homes . The expansion of the donation-funded NGO shows not just the success of the Weina 's vision but the desperate need for mental health care provision in China . "  We estimate that only 10 % of people with intellectual disabilities in China are receiving some kind of care or help , " said Weina . According to a 2009 study published in British medical journal The Lancet , around 173 million Chinese suffer from a mental disorder . However there are only 20,000 psychiatrists , equaling 1.5 for each 100,000 people , or a tenth of the ratio in the United States . Mental health legislation Last year saw the introduction of China 's first mental health legislation , which took a reported 27 years to pass . Among the changes from the law are new financing initiatives for mental health services and training for primary care-givers . Perhaps the most significant was a new set of rights for patients , including not being hospitalized against their will . Negative perceptions of those with metal health problems are often portrayed in the media in China ; they are either victims or perpetrators of violence . Weina knows that each individual that comes to a Hui Ling center has their own set of needs and unique personality , and helping bring out their best encourages her to keep working . "  I wanted to do something to make my life worth while , " said Weina . "  When I see the smiles on their faces , when I see that these adults are truly happy to be at Hui Ling , that for me is the happiest moment . "	Meng Weina set up first private special needs school in China From the first center in Guangzhou there are now Hui Ling operations in a dozen Chinese cities Only one in ten people with mental health issues receives care , suggests Weina
CNN Student News  -- August 23 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What challenges might journalists face in reporting on stories involving an intelligence agency ? Why might viewers be interested in this kind of coverage ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What country 's former president , Pervez Musharraf , has been charged with murder and placed under house arrest ? 2 . What U.S. intelligence agency , established in 1952 , collects foreign information and protects U.S. information ? 3 . Mark Zuckerberg is one of the founders of what social media company ? 4 . What 1972 NFL team remains the only one to finish with a perfect season ? 5 . What is the name of the massive cruise ship that ran aground off the coast of Italy last year ? 6 . In the U.S. music industry , what is the highest category for recording sales : diamond , gold or platinum ? 7 . Bashar al-Assad is the president of what country ? 8 . What war , which began in 1950 , never officially ended with a peace treaty ? 9 . What country gave temporary asylum to U.S. security contractor Edward Snowden ? 10 . What U.S. professional sports league is planning to expand its use of instant replay ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Duncan , Oklahoma ; Louisiana Europe Italy FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  The Grateful Dead is planning on making one final splash -- or should that be "  Ripple " ? The venerable San Francisco band is celebrating the 50th anniversary of its formation with a three-day stand at Chicago 's Soldier Field on July 3 , 4 and 5 , it said in a news release . The band 's last concert took place there 20 years ago . The four original surviving members -- Mickey Hart , Bill Kreutzmann , Phil Lesh and Bob Weir -- will take part , along with Phish 's Trey Anastasio and longtime Dead pal Bruce Hornsby . Keyboardist Jeff Chimenti is also participating . Guitarist Jerry Garcia died in 1995 . The band has also lost other members , including Ron "  Pigpen " McKernan , a singer , organist and harmonica player who died in 1973 , and keyboardist Keith Godchaux , who died in 1980 . The band , commonly known as "  the Dead , " formed in San Francisco in 1965 , part of that city 's growing rock 'n' roll counterculture scene along with Jefferson Airplane , Big Brother and the Holding Company and the Charlatans . It developed a hardcore fanbase of Deadheads thanks to tireless touring and a close-knit , open-minded culture . Its songs include "  Ripple , " "  Uncle John 's Band , " "  Truckin ' , " "  Box of Rain " and "  Touch of Grey . " The latter is the Dead 's only Top 10 hit . "  It is with respect and gratitude that we reconvene the Dead one last time to celebrate -- not merely the band 's legacy , but also the community that we 've been playing to , and with , for 50 years , " Lesh said in the news release . "  Wave that flag , wave it wide and high . " More information can be found at dead50.net . The Grateful Dead and Bob Weir 's long strange trip	The Grateful Dead is reuniting for three concerts The legendary rock group formed 50 years ago in San Francisco
London , England  CNN  -- He has played kings , princes , captains and professors on stage and screen , but now actor Patrick Stewart will have a new title all his own : "  Sir . " The 69-year-old Yorkshire , England , native tops the list of those receiving New Year 's honors from Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , the Cabinet Office announced Thursday . Stewart , well-known for playing Capt. Jean-Luc Picard on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation , " will receive a knighthood . It means he will now be known in Britain as "  Sir Patrick . " Others on the list include designers , restaurateurs and two famous names from Formula 1 racing . Ross Brawn , who started the Brawn GP Formula 1 team that won the constructors championship in 2009 , will receive an OBE , which stands for Officer of the Order of the British Empire . Brawn started his eponymous team this year after buying out the existing Honda team . Mercedes-Benz took over the team last month , announcing that Brawn would remain at the helm and that the team would be renamed Mercedes GP . Jenson Button , who won the 2009 Formula 1 drivers championship , will receive an MBE , or Member of the Order of the British Empire . He races with the Brawn-Mercedes team . The 2008 F1 champion , Lewis Hamilton , received an MBE last year . British designer Amanda Wakeley , whose designs grace models on the catwalk and celebrities on the red carpet , will receive an OBE . Two other British designers will receive MBEs . Cath Kidston is known for putting traditional floral prints on modern accessories , and Luella Bartley was hailed for mixing prim and punk before her label was forced to close last month . Also receiving an MBE are Rose Gray and Ruth Rogers , who together started the River Cafe in London , along the Thames . Their passion for Italian cuisine has led critics to call the restaurant one of the most influential in Britain , and the two have written several cookbooks together . A committee within the British Cabinet Office assembles the honors list , which is released twice a year -- at New Year 's and on the queen 's birthday in June . Queen Elizabeth awards the honors to recipients in ceremonies at Buckingham Palace . The awards recognize service and achievement in all fields and are considered a major honor for British citizens . Noncitizens may also be recognized . A knighthood is the highest honor . Men are made knights , after which they are called "  sirs , " and women are made dames . Below that comes CBE , which stands for Commander of the Order of the British Empire . OBE and MBE follow respectively .	Patrick Stewart played Capt. Jean-Luc Picard on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation " Queen Elizabeth II bestows knighthood on actor who 's played kings , princes , captains Others on honors list include designers , restaurateurs , Formula 1 racing figures Honors given twice a year -- at New Year 's and on queen 's birthday in June
CNN  -- Who 's afraid of Grover Norquist ? Fewer and fewer Republicans , thankfully . In recent days , the declarations of independence from Norquist 's absolutist anti-tax pledge have been coming fast and furious . Add Southern Sens. Saxby Chambliss and Lindsey Graham to the growing list , along with Reps. Peter King , Steve LaTourette and Scott Rigell . Chambliss kicked off the most recent outbreak of common sense by telling a Georgia TV station , "  I care more about my country than I do about a 20-year-old pledge . " He added , "  If we do it  Norquist 's  way , then we 'll continue in debt . " On ABC 's "  This Week , " Graham doubled down by saying , "  I agree with Grover , we should n't raise rates , but I think Grover is wrong when it comes to we ca n't cap deductions and buy down debt . ... I will violate the pledge , long story short , for the good of the country , only if Democrats will do entitlement reform . " King agreed with Chambliss on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " saying , "  A pledge you signed 20 years ago , 18 years ago , is for that Congress . ... For instance , if I were in Congress in 1941 , I would have signed a declaration of war against Japan . I 'm not going to attack Japan today . The world has changed , and the economic situation is different . " And on CNN last weekend , LaTourette and Rigell told Ali Velshi that they thought the straitjacket pledge was an impediment to dealing with the deficit and the debt . This post-election outbreak of pragmatism is welcome and needed . These senators and congressmen are profiles in courage for speaking out against the stranglehold that one self-appointed activist and lobbyist has had on bipartisan governing . Norquist , who leads the conservative activist group Americans for Tax Reform , is both a colorful character and committed ideologue , infamous for sound bites like this : "  I do n't want to abolish government . I simply want to reduce it to the size where I can drag it into the bathroom and drown it in the bathtub . " The signature item for Americans for Tax Reform is a pledge that commits signers to oppose any tax increases at all , for all time -- not just tax rate increases , but any increases in tax revenue . News : Graham says he 'd break no-tax ` pledge ' This distinction makes a real difference in the current deficit and debt deal negotiations . Going back to the Bowles-Simpson Commission , the obvious common ground for negotiations has been for Democrats to compromise on spending cuts and entitlement reform and Republicans to compromise on increased tax revenue . This can be done -- as the Bowles-Simpson Commission demonstrated -- by potentially even lowering some tax rates but closing loopholes to raise revenue . This is what 's known as a win-win . The biggest stumbling block for tea party conservatives has been Norquist , who says any new revenue violates the pledge and promises to invite a primary challenge to any member of Congress who puts revenues on the table . Given the number of safe seats carved up in the rigged system of redistricting , a primary challenge from the wings is what most members of Congress fear most . The result is gridlock : an inability to reason together and make a long-term deal for the good of the country . It is an ironic problem in some ways : Tea party congressmen rose to power on a promise to deal with deficits and debt . Putting anti-tax absolutism ahead of that goal may play well with special interests , but it undercuts the ability to govern in the national interest . That 's what is at stake . These pronouncements from Chambliss , Graham & Co. put them in the company of party leaders like John Boehner , John McCain and Jeb Bush , who have publicly dismissed the pledge as a distraction from the business of governing . "  I ran for office three times , " said Bush , who is already being discussed as a 2016 candidate . "  The pledge was presented to me three times . I never signed the pledge . I cut taxes every year I was governor . I do n't believe you outsource your principles and convictions to people . " This pragmatic statement in the summer of 2012 helped break the fever of groupthink . Norquist called Bush 's comments an "  insult . " In July in an opinion column in the New York Times , respected fiscal conservative Sen. Tom Coburn put Norquist 's pledge in perspective : "  What unifies Republicans is not Mr. Norquist 's tortured definition of tax purity but the idea of a Reagan - or Kennedy-style tax reform that lowers rates and broadens the tax base by getting rid of loopholes and deductions . " Coburn 's refusal to pay an oath of fealty to the pledge resulted in a sniping war by Norquist . Most recently , Norquist displayed his distorted perspective by tweeting : "  Barney Frank , Alger Hiss or Tom Coburn ? who said this ? ` I 'm all for the very wealthy paying more taxes ' " Comparing Coburn to Hiss -- a convicted traitor and KGB agent -- was both ugly and revealing : This is what happens when partisan politics starts to look like a cult . The real fault line for Republicans is between Norquist-style radicals and Ronald Reagan , who presided over the bipartisan 1986 tax simplification deal by closing loopholes to raise revenues . As Reagan said at the time , "  We 're going to close the unproductive tax loopholes that have allowed some of the truly wealthy to avoid paying their fair share . " In addition , the "  sainted " Reagan oversaw some 11 tax increases during his administration . To be sure , his overall goal was to slash rates and simplify the system -- but he was not nearly as absolutist as his activist acolytes who do not have to deal with actually governing . Norquist 's hold on the GOP has been loosening as congressional leaders recognize that this extreme , unelected activist is helping to hold a balanced bipartisan deal hostage . The election is over . The time for hatred , ideological obstruction and overheated rhetoric has passed . Reasonable Republicans and Democrats need to take on their respective special interests to get a long-term deficit and debt deal done . It 's foolish to be afraid of Norquist . The only pledge members of Congress should take is the Pledge of Allegiance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : A growing number of lawmakers are breaking with Grover Norquist 's tax pledge He says they wo n't to pay fealty to anti-tax activist ; he hems them in on dealing with debt He says if Dems are to deal on entitlements and GOP on raising tax revenue , pledge has to go Avlon : Even Reagan closed loopholes , raised taxes ; time to realize extreme stance no help
CNN  -- Eagles may be thin on the ground for most golfers at the Bear Trace course at Harrison Bay . But up in the treetops , it 's a different matter . Bald eagles Elliott and Eloise have been par for the course at the Tennessee club for the past three and a half years , scoring highly with both local and global audiences thanks to a camera installed by their nest in a pine tree behind the 10th green . "  The eagles came in and started building a nest in December 2010 , " explains golf course superintendent Paul Carter . "  The first year they had two eaglets and both fledged successfully . We were just watching them from the ground not really knowing what was going on until about mid-May when two black heads popped up out of the nest . " The discovery prompted Carter to install an Eagle Cam which has been live since early 2012 . This year , the pair -- who were given their names by Carter 's daughter -- welcomed two more eaglets who go by the more functional names of HB5 and HB6 . Bald eagles were once on the U.S. endangered species list , but numbers of the nation 's symbol have risen since the government banned the pesticide DDT -- which contaminated the birds ' food sources . The wingspans of the female eagles , which are larger than the males , can be up to eight feet . "  Tennessee has had some good success with its eagle population , but this is the only one on a golf course that I know of . We are trying to show that golf courses can be a sustainable habitat for wildlife , " Carter told CNN ahead of Earth Day -- an initiative started in 1970 aimed at improving the world 's environment , and marked globally this year on April 22 . Bear Trace 's round-the-clock live feed has received almost a million views to date . The virtual presence has also helped business at the club . "  I 've been in the pro shop several times and people come in and ask which hole Eagle Cam is on , " Carter says . "  We 've definitely had a considerable amount of play off it . " The project is one of many environmentally-minded measures Carter and his colleagues have tended to in recent years . "  It 's not just about how we mow the grass or what fertilizer we 're putting down . We have an education center which has environmental information , awards and pictures of the course , " he says . Carter , who also writes about environmental improvements on a blog and gives talks , was recently recognized for his green leadership . Last November , Golf Digest magazine awarded the course its Green Star Award and in February Carter was crowned overall winner of the Environmental Leaders in Golf Award for 2013 . The prestigious prize , which is open to golf courses around the world , is jointly run by the Golf Course Superintendents Association of America and Golf Digest . Historically , golf courses have n't attracted praise for their green credentials but rather criticism , often being held up as examples of resource profligacy for over-watering and widespread use of chemicals . But this view may now be outdated says Ray Semlitsch , curators professor of biological sciences at the University of Missouri . "  Golf courses are aware of some of these negative things and actually they have done a very good job over the last 10-20 years of trying to improve environmental practices , " says Semlitsch , who recently led a study on the effects of golf course development on salamander populations in the southern Appalachians . "  We studied 10 golf courses interviewing golf superintendents and managers . These were young , highly educated people -- many had degrees in biology , turf science or wildlife management . "  They are well aware of these problems and very excited and very willing to make changes and use environmentally sound practices . " Carter says things have shifted "  180 degrees " since 2001 when he started at Bear Trace , a Jack Nicklaus-designed course -- noting that the club has substantially reduced mowing , fertilizer use and water consumption . "  We 've removed over 50 acres of highly maintained earth in the last decade . When you figure that out from a water standpoint , we save 7.39 million gallons annually . " As individuals and organizations around the globe mark Earth Day , it 's good to know that people like Carter are keeping an eagle eye on the environment not just today but all-year-round . Read more : How many more majors can Bubba win ? Read more : Hornet attack ` my scariest moment '	A Tennessee golf club is home to two nesting bald eagles Pair named Elliott and Eloise recently joined by two eaglets Eagle Cam set up in 2012 has been viewed by nearly one million worldwide Course has been recipient of several environmental awards
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Gov. Scott Walker 's chances of winning a second term in Wisconsin are up to 83 % -- from 70 % yesterday -- according to prognosticators on CNN 's election prediction game Pivit . The percentages are n't scientific -- they 're based on a combination of Pivit experts ' analysis of public polling and other race data and players ' predictions . The game 's closest race on Saturday was one between Republican Rick Scott and Democrat Charlie Crist for the Florida governor 's office . Scott is currently at 51 % . Players are high on Republicans ' chances of winning the six seats they need to take control of the Senate , putting the chances of that happening at 86 % -- up three percentage points from Friday night . But they 're also confident that two embattled Democratic senators will win re-election . North Carolina 's Kay Hagan is up to 70 % , while New Hampshire 's Jeanne Shaheen is at 85 % . Republicans are getting good news in Iowa , where their candidate , Joni Ernst , is at 73 % -- as well as in Kentucky , where at 94 % Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell currently looks like Pivit 's surest thing . Democrats , meanwhile , are suffering in Colorado , where Pivit players give Sen. Mark Udall only a 7 % chance at winning re-election , and in Arkansas , where Sen. Mark Pryor is at just 5 % .	Pivit players and experts put Scott Walker 's chances in the Wisconsin governor 's race at 83 % Florida Gov. Rick Scott is in the game 's tightest race , with his re-election chances at 51 % The game puts Republicans ' chances of winning the Senate at 86 %
CNN  -- A NASA spacecraft carrying a Mars rover was in "  excellent health " Saturday more than two hours after it began its eight-and-a-half-month journey . The mission began at Cape Canaveral , Florida , with a clean liftoff . The spacecraft sent a signal after separation from the rocket , NASA said . Upon arrival after its 354 million-mile trip , the rover will collect rocks and soil on the Red Planet to see if there are signs of life -- in the form of organic material . The rover , dubbed "  Curiosity , " is scheduled to land August 6 , 2012 . It will be lowered by tether to Gale Crater . If water ever existed on Mars , scientists say , it would have been in the crater . "  Curiosity " will help determine whether an area on the planet "  has ever been a potential habitat for Martian life , " NASA says . "  This sets up the future of finally answering that age-old question : Does life exist on other planets ? " said deputy project manager Ashwin Vasavada . The mission will last one Martian year , which is 687 Earth days , NASA says . The rover , about the size of a compact car , weighs 1 ton and has a 7-foot arm that will be used to collect material . "  On Mars , if life exists as single cell-organisms , or if it ever existed , we believe it will be under the ground , or inside rocks , " said mission chief engineer Rob Manning . The project costs $ 2.5 billion . CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : Spacecraft in "  excellent health " as it flies toward Mars A rover called Curiosity will roll over the Martian surface Curiosity will study whether there 's "  a potential habitat for Martian life "
CNN  -- Taylor Spearnak met her boyfriend in 2002 , during her third year of college , when they were both congressional interns in Washington . A friend set them up , and they laughed for hours over cheap burgers and a terrible action movie . They kept the relationship going when they returned to their schools in Boston , and when they studied law at schools in different states . In 2007 , when they reunited in New York City , they decided it made sense for them to move in together , Spearnak said . They lived in one of the most expensive cities in the country , and had law school loans to pay off . They 'd be busy as new law firm associates , and knew they 'd be spending nights at each other 's apartments , anyway . Spearnak 's parents trusted them , and thought it was a smart decision . "  We knew we were serious , but not ready for marriage . This was the next step for us , " the 30-year-old lawyer said . "  We wanted to be able to spend as much time together as possible . " As the stigma of "  living in sin " fades and more people delay marriage , researchers are finding that living together before marriage can be a stabilizing force in relationships . It is often leading to marriage and children , demographer Casey Copen said . Between 2006 and 2010 , 48 % of women between the ages of 15 and 44 moved in for the first time with a man to whom they were n't married , according to a report released Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Center for Health Statistics . In 2002 , it was 43 % . In 1995 , it was 34 % . That 's 1 in 4 women living with a man by age 20 and almost 3 in 4 by 30 , according to the report , "  First Premarital Cohabitation in the United States , " which studied male-female relationships . "  Generations that were cohabitating less are now being replaced by a group of women and men that find cohabitation to be quite normal , " said Copen , the study 's lead author . "  Overall , these unions are lasting longer , they 're more stable and the highest proportion of them transition to marriage . " Marriage : It ai n't what it used to be The increase does n't surprise psychotherapist Lisa Kift , who counsels married and unmarried couples in her San Francisco , California , practice . Just as social mores are changing what families look like , long-term partnering is changing , too , she said . The study , which is based on 12,279 interviews from 2006 to 2010 , found a shrinking percentage of women moving in with a man for the first time because of marriage -- 23 % in 2012 , down from 30 % in 2002 and 39 % in 1995 . "  Long-term commitments are more broadly defined and for many , can mean cohabitation without a legal document or public declaration , " she said . "  Many couples believe they are doing their due diligence by having the experience of living together before making a commitment to marry . " But do these unions last ? And do they lead to marriage ? The study found that 40 % of women living with significant others for the first time between 2006 and 2010 transitioned to marriage within three years , while 32 % of those relationships remained the same and 27 % dissolved . The numbers are growing across racial and ethnic groups , except for Asian women , the study said . Demographers use the information to explore how cultural and economic differences can change the experience , Copen said . Forty-four percent of white women married within three years of living together the first time , while 31 % of black women and U.S.-born Hispanic women did so . Fifty-three percent of women with a bachelor 's degree or higher had transitioned to marriage by the three-year mark , while 30 % of women with less than a high school diploma had married by then . Spearnak and her boyfriend intend to marry one day . But , they 've been together so long that it sometimes feels like they 're already married , she said . Her parents want them to marry , she said , but by being committed and comfortable , they 've pushed back against pressure . What 's the rush ? "  Neither of us feels a need to put a ring on it , " she said . "  We know we are solid . We survived the bar  exam  , assembling IKEA furniture and moving . " Cohabitation leads to childbearing with greater frequency , the study found . Nearly 20 % of women became pregnant within a year of moving in with someone for the first time , up from 18 % in 2002 and 15 % in 1995 . The chances of becoming pregnant were higher among women younger than 20 , foreign-born Hispanic women and women with less than a high school diploma . Montclair , New Jersey , resident Sarah Groom lives with her boyfriend of nearly nine years , and recently gave birth to a baby girl . They met at a fraternity house in Boulder , Colorado , in 2003 and developed an relationship a year later . It was a passionate , impulsive decision when they moved in together in 2005 , but stressful , too , she said . They broke up , moved out , argued over who got the dog and reunited more than once . They live together now , and she wants to get married , but it has n't happened . Along the way , there was "  stress , chaos , self-doubt and even resentment , " but it seems to have worked out , she said . But , her experiences have taught her the importance of foresight , she said . "  I have a beautiful baby girl now , so it is hard to say I regret my choice , " Groom said . "  I would advise people choosing to cohabitate prior to marriage , to not make the decision lightly and to discuss potential issues that may arise and how they would be handled well in advance . " There are still benefits to getting married , she said . "  One works harder to preserve a relationship , " she said . "  Its whole nature is less disposable . " Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	Premarital cohabitation leading to marriage , kids with greater frequency , CDC study finds From 2006 to 2010 , 48 % of unmarried women aged 15 to 44 lived with someone for first time Report : Nearly 20 % of women became pregnant within a year of premarital cohabitation Couples view living together as way of testing waters for marriage , psychotherapist says
MOSCOW , Russia -- Russia declared an end Thursday to its 10-year anti-terror "  operation " in the autonomous republic of Chechnya . Russian forces have been operating in Chechnya since Boris Yeltsin 's order in 1999 . The end to the offensive could see the withdrawal of thousands of troops from the Muslim-majority region , where Russia has fought two wars since the collapse of the Soviet Union in December 1991 . The head of the Federal Security Service "  canceled the decree declaring a counterterrorist operation in the territory of the republic as of midnight of April 16 , " Russia 's anti-terror committee said . It said it did so to create "  the conditions for the future normalization of the situation in the republic , its reconstruction and development of its socio-economic sphere , " it said in a statement . The late president Boris Yeltsin ordered the counter-terrorist operation in 1999 . Since then , the region has been relatively stable .	Russia declares end to 10-year anti-terror "  operation " in Chechnya Thousands of troops could be withdrawn from Muslim-majority region Former president Boris Yeltsin ordered the counter-terrorist operation in 1999
CNN  -- Turbulence forced a United Airlines flight bound for New York 's LaGuardia Airport to land shortly after takeoff Tuesday night and sent five people to the hospital , a United spokeswoman confirmed . Shortly after United Airlines Flight 1632 took off from Houston 's Intercontinental Airport at 8:08 p.m. , the flight "  experienced severe turbulence and diverted to Lake Charles , Louisiana , at 8:41 p.m. , " spokeswoman Amy Ryan said . Lake Charles Regional Airport Executive Director Heath Allen told CNN affiliate KPLC that three of the injured were members of the flight crew . ! 2 injured when airliner hits turbulence A total of five people sought medical attention , Ryan said , but she declined to characterize the extent of their injuries . There were two pilots , three flight attendants and 76 passengers aboard . Flight attendants were preparing to serve drinks about 30 minutes into the flight . "  Right about that time , we hit some really severe turbulence , and ... several people flew up and hit the ceiling of the plane and then were immediately slammed down to the floor of the plane , " first class passenger Jeff Hornback told KPLC . Pilot sends plane into dive ; mistakes Venus for another plane "  I heard both the pilot and a flight attendant say that they had been flying for 20 or 30 years and had never seen anything like what they saw today , " he said . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the incident . According to Allen , a relief flight crew arrived from Houston , and the flight departed Lake Charles Regional Airport after 2 a.m. Wednesday and landed at LaGuardia just after 6 a.m. Got ta watch : Rough plane landings CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Flight from Houston to New York struck by severe turbulence Five on board were injured Flight was diverted to Lake Charles Regional Airport in Louisiana
Washington  CNN  -- Army Secretary John McHugh ordered a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery even as a separate investigation ended without an absolute answer to who is buried in a grave marked "  Unknown . " "  As the final resting place of our nation 's heroes , any questions about the integrity or accountability of its operations should be examined in a manner befitting their service and sacrifice , " McHugh said in a statement after signing the order directing the Army 's Inspector General to begin an investigation into allegations regarding cemetery operations . The Army IG is already in the middle of an investigation ordered by the previous secretary of the Army to review management of the cemetery . In recent years , the cemetery -- where President Kennedy and thousands of fallen U.S. soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines are buried -- has had a number of embarrassing problems . In 2008 , the cemetery discovered that workers inadvertently buried cremated remains at a grave site already in use . Those remains were moved to another grave site . In 2003 , as workers were digging a grave for a new burial , they discovered a casket already buried there . There was no headstone or grave marker to indicate who . Only recently , after a report by a journalist at Salon.com , did the Army take action on the problem . Over the summer , the cemetery put up a headstone on the mystery grave that reads "  Unknown . " As McHugh ordered the new investigation , the Army released results of a separate investigation of problems at the cemetery . That investigation focused on the discovery of the "  Unknown " grave . A spokesman for the Military District of Washington , which conducted the review , said "  Cemetery records , the MDW investigation , and the non-invasive geophysical analysis of the grave sites strongly indicate that a husband and wife , who died years apart and should have been buried in the same grave site , were instead buried in adjacent graves . " A DNA test of the remains in the two adjacent graves could prove conclusively that is what happened , but the family of the husband and wife did not wish for their remains to be disturbed . The MDW said the Army will abide by the family 's wishes and has ordered a headstone to properly mark the wife 's grave . One of the problems discovered by the MDW investigation was a possible lack of adequate staffing at the cemetery . Last year Arlington conducted 4,377 burials , up more than 21 percent over the past 10 years . During that same period the number of civilian staff members has dropped nearly 19 percent . Currently the cemetery has four employees to schedule 135 to 150 funerals a week as well as maintain all grave records . Arlington , which sits on a hill across the Potomac River from the Lincoln Memorial , has been the final resting place for America 's military heroes since the Civil War , when the Union seized the estate from the family of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee . McHugh hopes this new investigation will "  ensure America 's confidence in the operation of its most hallowed ground . "	Army Secretary John McHugh orders inquiry into poor record keeping Previous investigation sought to identify remains in grave marked "  Unknown " In recent years , the cemetery has had a number of embarrassing problems
The Frisky  -- When you 're in a relationship -- and have been for quite some time -- you and your love bird are bound to have gone on all the usual dates many , many times over . So for Valentine 's Day this year , do n't visit the restaurant the two of you eat at on a regular night and order the usual . We gathered romantic spots from around the country , along with some ideas that 'll work wherever you live , to help you plan a memorable day  and night  together . Because even though there 's a lot of emphasis on buying presents that are pink , red , and covered in hearts and roses , Valentine 's Day is about showing how much you appreciate your honey . Spend the day enjoying each other 's company and think of the rest as trimmings . Phoenix , Arizona For great food , delicious wine , and a hip , sexy atmosphere , visit Postino Winecafé . But do n't eat too much ! You 'll want to save room for dessert at La Grande Orange Grocery next door . Pop over some for decadent , gourmet goodies before heading back to your love nest . Postino Winecafé , 3939 East Campbell Ave. , 602-852-3939 La Grande Orange Grocery , 4410 N 40th St. , 602-840-7777 New Orleans , Louisiana There are plenty of romantic restaurants in New Orleans . In fact , almost everything in NOLA is swoon-worthy , save for Bourbon Street at 3 a.m. Feelings Cafe is singular for both its ambiance and location . The piano bar is dimly lit , so it 's obviously got that going for it , and it also features delicious food and an intimate courtyard festooned by plants , a fountain , and fairy lights . But perhaps its most attractive quality is that it 's hidden in the Fauberg Marigny , which is a lovely , picturesque neighborhood around the Bywater area that 's close enough to walk to from the French Quarter , but far enough away to weed out the tourists . Feelings Cafe , 2600 Chartres St. , 504-945-2222 San Francisco , California The San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers is an under-appreciated romantic gem located in Golden Gate Park . Built in 1879 , it 's the oldest building in Golden Gate Park , and the grounds around it are perfect for taking a daytime stroll while holding hands , of course . San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers , Golden Gate Park , 100 John F. Kennedy Drive , 415-831-2090 The Frisky : Goodwill wants your relationship baggage Chicago , Illinois The Green Mill , a jazz bar on the north side where Al Capone 's henchman hung out in the '20s , is full of history and has sexy lighting , great music , and does n't really get going until well after dark . Green Mill Jazz Club , 4802 N Broadway Ave. , 773-878-5552 Providence , Rhode Island If you 're the type who believes food is the ultimate aphrodisiac , Al Forno is the place to get you in the mood . Rhode Islanders and weekenders from all over the Eastern seaboard travel to come sample their how-do-they-do-it grilled pizza , which rivals any of the best pies in New York City . Because the wait is usually long , here 's a trick : Put your name on the wait list and travel across the street for a drink at the Hot Club , which overlooks the water . Al Forno , 577 S Main St. , 401-273-9760 Hot Club , 575 S Water St. , 401-861-9007 Reno , Nevada In a city that built its reputation on quickie divorces and casinos , it 's best to avoid tourist destinations and romantic casino packages for a memorable date . Reno has an attraction that 's getting harder to find across the country : a drive-in movie theater . The El Rancho , which opened in 1971 , is one of two drive-ins in the state . While you can pick up a tub of popcorn or a hamburger at the concession stand , part of the fun is packing food that you would n't be allowed to enjoy if you went to the local multiplex . El Rancho Drive-In , 555 El Rancho Drive , 775-358-6920 Chapel Hill , North Carolina The bar at Lantern Restaurant is dimly lit and sexy with brocade wallpaper . Make your way through the main restaurant or cut through the alley for the direct entrance . Plus , you can order delicious Asian fusion appetizers . Lantern Restaurant , 423 W. Franklin St. , 919-969-8846 The Frisky : What woman are really saying with their clothes Mobile , Alabama Since the last century , downtown Dauphin Street has been vibrating with the musical sounds of Mobile . You 'll hear jazz , rock and country tunes filling the night air . A favorite spot for lovers around the corner from Dauphin Street is the Blind Mule , which features interesting new artists and taste bud-tingling Southern food . The Blind Mule , 57 N. Claiborne St. , 251-694-6853 New York , New York While the cocktails at the Bowery Hotel are n't cheap  around $ 10 - $ 20  , it 's a small price to pay to sit in one of the most gorgeous hotel lobbies in Manhattan . Lush Persian rugs , Art Deco touches , and rich mahogany and leather furnishings lend the place a unique kind of hunter 's - lodge-in-Morocco feel , and there 's nothing dreamier than sipping hot spiced wine beside the cozy fireplace . The Bowery Hotel , 335 Bowery , 212-505-9100 The Frisky : When is the ideal time to get married ? London , England The most obvious way to express love is physically , with hugs , kisses , and other good stuff , but on the London National Gallery 's special Valentine 's Day tour at 4 p.m. , you and your honey will see how love has been depicted with a paintbrush . National Gallery Love Tour , Trafalgar Square , 020 7747 2885 Paris , France Le Petit Prince de Paris is a cozy restaurant on a super quiet street with some of the best food in Paris . The rich red interior provides a lush background for inspiring feelings of l'amour . Le Petit Prince de Paris , 12 , rue de Lanneau , 01 43 54 77 26 The Frisky : The power of first loves Places to go anywhere 1 . Get out of the house : Go ice skating , take a walk , or swim in the ocean . You spend a lot of time indoors in your day-to-day life , so enjoying the outdoors  and each other 's company  will feel different and special . 2 . Learn something : Shared experiences are a lot of what makes a relationship . Visit a museum , check out an art gallery , or go to a reading . You might discover new things about each other as you pick up some new knowledge . 3 . Test-drive a hobby : Instead of spending another night cuddling on the couch , watching reruns of "  The Biggest Loser , " try out a new activity . The two of you could even pick up a pastime that you 'll continue beyond Valentine 's Day . 4 . Relive the past : Stop by the dive bar that was the site of your first date or another relationship-related location , but only if you have n't been there in ages . It 'll help you remember the early feelings of excitement and pull you out of the rut of familiarity that 's developed . 5 . Celebrate with friends : We put a lot of emphasis on couples in February , but friendships enhance relationships . Toast your significant other in the company of intimates with a dinner celebration full of shared stories and laughter . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	A list of 13 romantic spots and ideas that 'll work wherever you live San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers is an under-appreciated romantic gem Relive the past by stopping by the site of your first date Try a new activity that you could continue beyond Valentine 's Day
CNN  -- Thailand and Cambodia have called for dialogue as tensions continued to escalate over an ancient border temple on disputed land . Cambodian soldiers stand guard near Preah Vihear temple , close to the Thai border . The countries agreed to meet Monday even as each side deployed more troops to the site of the Preah Vihear temple , the national Thai News Agency reported Thursday . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 , but the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Last week , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- places the U.N. says have outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . Watch Thai villagers block anti-government demonstrators " A Thai court overturned the pact , prompting the resignation of Thailand 's foreign minister , Noppadon Pattama . He had endorsed the application . Cambodia , meanwhile , is preparing for general elections on July 27 . And Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since the mid-1980s , has portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph . The current flare-up began Tuesday , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the trio refused to leave the territory , the Thai News Agency said . The Cambodian state-run news agency , AKP , said that Thailand sent troops to retrieve the men and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies the charge , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory . The standoff continued Thursday , with each side asking troops to withhold fire unless they are fired upon , the news agencies said . Thailand has put its Air Force on standby to evacuate its nationals from Cambodia if tensions worsen , TNA said . So far , the only casualty has been a Thai soldier who was injured Tuesday by a landmine -- possibly left over from the time the Khmer Rouge occupied the area . The Khmer Rouge , a radical communist movement that ruled Cambodia from 1975 to 1979 , won power through a guerrilla war . It is remembered for the deaths of as many as 1.5 million Cambodians .	Both agreed to meet as each side deployed more troops to Preah Vihear temple Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 Current row began when Cambodia briefly held 3 Thais who crossed into the area
CNN  -- The flight data and cockpit voice recorders from JetBlue Flight 191 , which made an emergency landing this week , have been retrieved and will be analyzed , officials said Thursday . The National Transportation Safety Board will download the data Friday , said spokeswoman Kelly Nantel . Information gleaned from them will be given to the FBI , she said . Investigators are looking into the apparent midair meltdown of the captain , Clayton Osbon , whose remarks and erratic behavior Tuesday led the co-pilot to lock him out of the cockpit . Crew and passengers subdued Osbon as he screamed and banged on the door so hard the first officer thought Osbon would come through , according to a federal criminal complaint filed Wednesday against Osbon . The complaint says Osbon began making remarks during the flight that concerned the first officer , who is his co-pilot . "  Osbon yelled over the radio to air traffic control and instructed them to be quiet . Osbon turned off the radios in the aircraft , dimmed his monitors and sternly admonished the FO  first officer  for trying to talk on the radio , " the U.S. attorney 's office in the Northern District of Texas said in a written statement . "  When Osbon said ` we need to take a leap of faith , ' the FO stated that he became very worried . Osbon told the FO that ` we 're not going to Vegas , ' and began giving what the FO described as a sermon . " It was not immediately known whether the alleged remarks are audible on the voice recorder . But federal regulations state that planes manufactured since 1991 must record cockpit chatter on microphones . The JetBlue plane was new and would be subject to the rule . The cockpit voice recorder captures two hours of data and the flight data recorder , which measures the plane 's speed and altitude , contains 25 hours . About 3Â 1/2 hours into the planned five-hour flight from New York 's Kennedy International Airport to Las Vegas , the pilot left the cockpit to use the lavatory , but he failed to follow security protocol , alarming the crew , according to an affidavit filed in support of an arrest warrant . He then banged on the lavatory door and told the female passenger inside that he needed to go to the bathroom . By that time , the first officer had summoned another JetBlue pilot who had been traveling as a passenger to enter the cockpit and the two locked themselves inside , the affidavit states . From the cabin , Osbon tried to enter his security code to gain access to the cockpit "  and he banged on the door hard enough that the FO thought he was coming through the door , " according to the affidavit . But the door held and , over the PA , the first officer ordered passengers to restrain Osbon . Several did just that , subduing the pilot in the forward galley . Osbon , who was been charged with interfering with a flight crew , has not made a public statement . He has been suspended pending an investigation and is receiving medical treatment , the airline said Wednesday . A court official said Osbon was still under care Thursday . JetBlue has repeatedly praised the first officer , along with an off-duty captain who stepped in to assist and other crew members . Some passengers have referred to the first officer as a hero . But his mother said on Thursday that he would reject the label . "  Knowing my son , he would think that he 's not a hero . He just did what he was paid to do , " Jean Beatrice Dowd said of Jason Dowd . "  That 's just his job , and he loves his job . He 's just a quiet man . " He called his parents the night of the incident , his mother said . "  He was pretty shaken up , and he could n't say much . " The incident took place on a significant date for the family -- the 10th anniversary of the death of Jason Dowd 's older sister , who died of cancer , Jean Dowd said . "  I know he was thinking of her , too , at the time this was all going on , " Dowd said . The incident "  has been earthshaking for us , too , " she said . "  To lose him would have been terrible for us . " Jason Dowd , 41 , who is married and has two young children , has not made a public statement . He was in New York , speaking with officials about the incident , his mother said . After the incident , the flight made the emergency landing in Amarillo , Texas . Osbon 's stepmother said Thursday she has flown with him several times . "  He loved to fly , a love which he got from his dad , " Judy Osbon said in a statement . "  He also took his piloting very seriously and was very good at it . I 've only known Clayton to be a cheerful , conscientious and caring person . " Her stepson was upbeat the last time they spoke , she said . Osbon 's father , Ronald , who was a pilot , and a passenger were killed in a 1995 airplane crash in Florida , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . The pilot radioed he was losing power on both engines and was out of gas . The aircraft crashed near Daytona Beach Regional Airport . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Mike M. Ahlers and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Investigators are looking into the apparent midair meltdown of flight 's captain Data and voice recorders given to NTSB Federal regulations : Recorders must tape conversations on planes made since 1991 The co-pilot 's mother says he would not consider himself a hero
When you go to the polls for the midterm elections on Tuesday , there will be a good chance that your Facebook feed and your phone helped you decide how to vote . Cell phones and social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter are playing a bigger role in how Americans get their political information , according to a new survey from the Pew Research Center . Twice as many Americans used their phones to track information about this year 's elections than did so during the last midterms four years ago . And there was an even bigger increase in the number of respondents who said they follow political figures on Facebook and other social media . In all , 16 % of registered voters said they follow politicians on social media , compared with the 6 % who said they did so in 2010 . The leap has been even bigger among middle-aged voters . Of registered voters from 30 to 49 , 26 % said they follow politicians online and 40 % of whom said they 've used their phones to help keep up with news about the elections . For their part , social media outlets are embracing this expanded role in the political process . On Tuesday , Facebook will place a banner at the top of U.S. users ' feeds reminding them that it 's Election Day and urging them to share with friends if they 've already voted . The shareable "  I 'm a Voter ! " message , which Facebook calls a "  megaphone , " is designed to stand out from regular News Feed fare . The banner also will link users to a webpage showing them where their voting precinct is located . "  Facebook 's mission is to make the world more open and connected , and a part of that is helping the people who use our platform to more easily engage with the leaders who make the decisions that affect their lives every day , " the company said in a written statement . "  In fact , although the megaphone has been available in the U.S. in elections in 2008 , 2010 and 2012 , for the first time ever this year , the megaphone was shown in elections internationally , including in India , Brazil and Indonesia . " In past elections , critics have complained that Facebook 's testing of the megaphone tool -- for example , using the worlds "  I Voted " on some and "  I 'm Voting " on others to see which had more impact -- could have an unfair impact on turnout . But Facebook says the tool has been thoroughly tested and that no "  research " will be done on Tuesday . Twitter is also getting in on the voting-day action . The microblogging site had developed the #Election2014 dashboard , which lets users follow political tweets , connect with candidates and see what others are saying , including the ability to hone in on state-specific conversations . Twitter also will be sharing data it collects on users ' political activity with media outlets for their election-night coverage . While online activism has been traditionally associated with younger and , by extension , more liberal voters , the Pew survey showed no strong ideological difference in behavior this time out . Republicans and Democrats participated in the behaviors noted in the survey at roughly the same rates . Voters from both parties said using social media and mobile technology makes them feel more engaged in the process and more connected to the politicians they support . Republican and Republican-leaning voters also said they like following politicians directly on social media because it allows them to skip the filter of traditional media outlets . The report is based on a national survey conducted October 15-20 among 2,003 adults  including 1,494 registered voters  .	Facebook , Twitter playing a bigger role in this year 's midterm elections More voters also are getting information from their phones A Pew survey shows middle-aged voters have the biggest increase Facebook will remind users that it 's Election Day on Tuesday
CNN  -- When 3-year-old Rowan Isaacson darted away from his father and dived into a herd of grazing horses , it easily could have been the end of the small autistic boy . He was babbling under the hooves of a boss mare . Rupert Isaacson says he noticed immediate improvement in his son 's language skills when he started riding . "  I thought he was going to get trampled , " recalled Rupert Isaacson , Rowan 's father . But the horse , Betsy , dipped her head and chewed with her mouth in submission . Isaacson , who had trained horses for a living , had never seen it happen so spontaneously . Rowan had seemingly made a connection . The Austin , Texas , family had been struggling with Rowan . His wild tantrums were nearly driving Isaacson and his wife , Kristin Neff , to divorce . All the while , little Rowan was becoming unreachable . "  He would just stare off into space , " Isaacson said . "  I was worried it was going to get progressively worse and that eventually , he might float away from us entirely . Luckily , right about that time is when he met Betsy . " Isaacson began riding Betsy , a neighbor 's horse , with Rowan . He says he noticed immediate improvement in his son 's language skills . Watch Rowan and Betsy " "  He would start to answer . He would start to talk . We would do song games up there on the saddle . I would take books up there in the saddle , " Isaacson said . Autism specialists say that horse riding can be effective in gaining access to autistic children . Experts make a distinction between the kind of recreational therapeutic riding Isaacson was using with Rowan and hippotherapy , which is a medical treatment that uses horses and is supervised by a licensed speech-language pathologist . "  People perceive it 's the interaction with the horse that 's making the change . However , the movement of the horse is extremely powerful , and it 's that movement that 's having neurological impact on the autistic child , " said Ruth Dismuke-Blakely , a speech-language pathologist and hippotherapy clinical specialist in Edgewood , New Mexico . According to preliminary analysis of an ongoing study by Dismuke-Blakely , hippotherapy has been shown to increase verbal communication skills in some autistic children in as little as 18 to 25 minutes of riding once a week for eight weeks . "  We see their arousal and affect change . They become more responsive to cues . If they are at a point where they are using verbal cues , you get more words , " Dismuke-Blakely said . "  It 's almost like it opens them up . It gives us access . " She cautions that a horse 's movements can be powerful . For some autistic children , riding too long can overstimulate their nervous system , leading to more erratic behavior . On Betsy , Rowan was at ease . After about three weeks , Isaacson says , Rowan 's improved behavior was translating into the home and outside world as well . But not consistently . In late 2004 , Isaacson , a human rights activist , brought a delegation of African bushmen from Botswana to the United Nations . Among the men were traditional healers , who offered to work with Rowan . Isaacson says he was skeptical , but he had experience with the bushmen and allowed the healers to lay their hands on his son . "  I was kind of flabbergasted at Rowan 's response . For about four days while they were with him , he started to lose some of his symptoms . He started to point , which was a milestone he had n't achieved , " Isaacson said . When the tribal healers left , Rowan regressed . Isaacson says he could n't help but wonder what would happen if he were to give Rowan a longer exposure to the two things that he seemed to have responded well to : horses and shamans . "  I know it sounds completely crazy , " he said . "  I just had a gut feeling . " Isaacson took his wife and son to Mongolia . "  It 's the oldest horse culture on the planet . Everyone still gets around on a horse there -- so a nomadic culture . The word ` shaman ' comes from there , " Isaacson said , explaining his decision . "  I just thought , ` Well , what if we went there and rode across the steppe and visited traditional healers ? You know , what might happen for Rowan ? Might there be some positive outcomes ? ' " Trekking across the Mongolian prairie on horseback , Isaacson says , Rowan 's behavior was changed dramatically . "  Rowan was not cured of autism out there , " Isaacson stressed . "  The word ` cure ' is not in my vocabulary for this . Rowan came back without three key dysfunctions that he had . He went out to Mongolia incontinent and still suffering from these neurological firestorms -- so tantruming all the time and cut off from his peers , unable to make friends -- and he came back with those three dysfunctions having gone . " Isaacson credits Rowan 's improvement to horses and time in nature -- and to shamanic healing , which he says he simply ca n't explain rationally . Isaacson has written a book , "  The Horse Boy , " about Rowan 's autism . Rowan , now 7 , rides Betsy by himself . His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for his autism , and Rowan 's applied behavioral analysis therapist has him studying math and English at the third-grade level -- a full year ahead of some of his peers . "  He 's just becoming a very functional autistic person , " Isaacson said . As far as the Isaacson family 's journey took them , it is the same hard slog facing millions of families gripped by autism . "  A lot of the parents go to the ends of the Earth in their own living rooms every day , " Isaacson said . "  I mean , we had more stressful car rides to the grocery store than any of the stresses and challenges of the trip to Mongolia . " You do n't have to get on a horse -- or plane to Siberia -- for relief . For autism families , Isaacson encourages parents to simply follow their instincts and listen to what their child shows them . "  In our case , it was horses in Mongolia and these shamans , " Isaacson said . "  It could just as easily have been bicycles and , you know , steam trains . And if it had been , we 'd have done a steam train journey . We 'd have done whatever Rowan seemed to be showing us he wanted to do , because that was where he was intrinsically motivated . "	Family travels across Mongolia so autistic son can ride horses , meet shaman Experts say riding horses can be effective in gaining access to autistic children Rowan Isaacson 's language and temper improved with horse/shaman therapy His parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for Rowan 's autism
CNN  -- Burkina Faso 's military on Saturday backed one of its officers to lead the country temporarily , seemingly settling what had been two officers ' claims to authority after the West African nation 's longtime president resigned . The military 's leadership will support Lt. Col. Isaac Yacouba Zida as interim President until elections can be held , according to a military statement broadcast by the country 's TV stations . That came a day after Zida and the top military official , Gen. Honore Nabere Traore , both claimed that they were in charge following the resignation of President Blaise Compaore , who stepped down Friday amid violent protests demanding an end to his 27-year rule . Saturday 's military statement said Traore is among those backing Zida , who most recently was the deputy chief of the presidential guard . Compaore and his family , meanwhile , departed the country and arrived in neighboring Ivory Coast on Saturday , the latter nation 's state-run Agence Ivoirienne Presse reported . The resignation Demonstrators on Thursday stormed Parliament , setting fire to the building . The protests came amid rising discontent about a high cost of living and Compaore 's attempts to amend the country 's constitution to help him extend his term . Compaore had been in office since he took power after a bloody coup in 1987 . Faced with the demonstrations Thursday , Compaore initially dissolved the government and said he would stay in power until elections could be carried out . But he changed his mind , and on Friday announced his resignation . Compaore said he stepped down to preserve peace in Burkina Faso -- a key partner for Western countries in the campaign against Islamist militants . Traore was the first to claim the presidency Friday , appealing for calm and calling for a return to a normal constitutional process . But Zida then took to national television , declaring himself president until political parties could agree on a transitional governing body . "  I assume starting from today the responsibilities of head of this transition and head of state to ensure the continuity of the state , " he said . Upon his resignation , Compaore appealed via Twitter for "  free elections to be held in Burkina Faso within 90 days at the most . " France , the former colonial ruler of what is today Burkina Faso , welcomed the President 's resignation and called for elections to happen quickly . Flights in and out of Ouagadougou , the capital , have been suspended , according to the Burkina Faso Embassy in Washington . Embassy personnel told CNN that it was still issuing visas but that there were no flights at the moment . The country was formerly known as the Republic of Upper Volta when it was established in 1958 as a self-governing colony under France . CNN 's Faith Karimi , Pierre Meilhan and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : Military says it backs Lt. Col. Isaac Yacouba Zida of the presidential security guard Two military officers had claimed presidential powers on Friday Burkina Faso President Blaise Compaore said Friday that he resigned Protesters stormed parliament as lawmakers considered extending the President 's rule
CNN  -- At least 10 people were killed , and an unknown number remained missing Wednesday , after a boat authorities believe was used for human smuggling capsized off the coast of Florida . The Coast Guard said it rescued 26 people from a capsized boat off the coast of Florida . Almost all of the victims are believed to be from Haiti and the Bahamas , according to the U.S. Coast Guard -- which said a dangerous number of people was packed onto a small pleasure cruiser . The Coast Guard said it rescued 26 people from the boat , and searchers did n't know how many more people had been on the boat . "  You do n't put 26 people on a small boat . It was way overloaded , completely unsafe , " said Capt. Jim Fitton , the Coast Guard 's sector commander in Miami , Florida . "  With smugglers , you have the potential for this because smugglers are n't interested in people 's welfare . They 're interested in making money . " The boat capsized about 15 miles east of Boynton Beach , Florida , some time around 2 a.m. Wednesday , the Coast Guard said . The agency was notified more than nine hours later by someone who saw the boat . There were women and children on the boat , Fitton said . A pregnant woman was taken to a hospital , while most of the victims remained onboard a Coast Guard cutter that was being used in the continuing rescue efforts , he said . Only eight of the people rescued by Wednesday afternoon were wearing life jackets . The Rev. Luke Harrigan , a Ft. Lauderdale , Florida , pastor to members of the Haitian community who is working with the Coast Guard , said he is contacting family members of the victims who were killed . "  Most of them now did n't even know they were coming to the United States , " he said . "  Sometimes the person organizing the trip does n't even tell them where they are going . " He said it 's not uncommon for smugglers to charge people from the impoverished island nation as much as $ 4,000 for passage into the United States . Coast Guard rescuers were continuing to search the area of the crash Wednesday evening .	Coast Guard rescues 26 ; searchers unsure how many others missing Almost all of the victims are believed to be from Haiti and the Bahamas Boat capsized about 15 miles east of Boynton Beach , Florida
CNN  Britain 's Princess Anne and 10-time major winner Annika Sorenstam are among the first women members to be admitted to the Royal and Ancient Golf Club , it was announced Tuesday . The club , which is renowned as the home of golf , voted last September to end its male-only membership rule , breaking with a 260-year tradition . Princess Anne , who is also a member of the International OIympic Committee , and Sweden 's Sorenstam , were granted honorary membership status . The other five to be honored , Britons Laura Davies and Belle Robertson , Americans Renee Powell and Louise Suggs and Lally Segard of France , have played and enjoyed success at the highest levels of competitive golf . "  This is a historic day for golf , " George Macgregor , the captain of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club  R&A  , told its official website . "  They are extremely worthy additions to our roll of honorary members and will become ambassadors for the club as they have been for the sport of golf throughout their careers . " Princess Anne , the only daughter of reigning monarch Queen Elizabeth II , joins three other members of the British royal family in becoming an honorary member of the R&A . The club , founded in 1754 , organizes golf 's oldest major , the British Open , and also administers the rules of the sport from its famous headquarters in St Andrews in Scotland . It was also announced Tuesday that an unspecified number of lay women members had also been granted membership with more set to follow in the coming months . The R&A had come under increasing pressure to admit women members , with former British prime minister Gordon Brown among leading public figures to voice their concerns on discriminatory grounds . It eventually followed the lead set by the exclusive Augusta National Golf Club in the United States , which admitted its first two female members , former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and business leader Darla Moore in August 2012 . In the R&A vote last year , 85 % of its members backed the move to admit women members in an historic ballot .	R&A announces first women members Princess Anne among seven new honorary members Golfing greats Annika Sorenstam and Laura Davies also in the list Vote in September 2014 paved way for women to be admitted
CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was hospitalized during the day on Friday before being released , his spokesman said . The Nevada Democrat , 74 , checked in not feeling well earlier in the day and doctors diagnosed exhaustion . Spokesman Adam Jentleson said in a statement that his boss has been cleared to return to work although the Senate has left town for the holidays . Reid 's office said that medical tests were normal , but kept him at George Washington University Hospital during the day for observation . Reid was at home with his wife by evening . Reid pushed the Senate through marathon sessions this week to clear budget legislation , a massive defense bill and key presidential nominations . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	Reid entered George Washington University Hospital not feeling well His office said tests were normal ; doctors diagnosed exhaustion Reid was kept at hospital during the day for observation ; let go by evening Senate had marathon sessions this week ; budget bill , nominations approved
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A senior Pakistani intelligence official told CNN Friday that U.S. military personnel have left a southern base said to be a key hub for American drone operations in the country 's northwestern tribal areas . It is the Shamsi Air Base in Pakistan 's Balochistan Province , from which drones are said to take off and where they are refueled for operations against Islamic militants . The development comes amid a public furor over American drone attacks , which have killed civilians . A suspected U.S. drone strike Friday in the Pakistani tribal region killed 25 people , including eight civilians and 17 militants , a Pakistani intelligence source said . This came after another strike on March 17 killed 44 people , most of them civilians . Yet a U.S. official disputed the Pakistani contention that civilians died in Friday 's drone strike . "  There is no evidence to support that claim whatsoever , " the U.S. official said . Another senior Pakistani intelligence official , who did not want to be identified discussing a sensitive issue , confirmed that the Americans had been using the base as a center of operations for launching drone strikes . He was not able to confirm the Americans had left . While the first official was able to confirm that American personnel were no longer operating out of the base , he could not say whether they had left voluntarily or at the request of the Pakistani government . The operation of the base -- not publicly acknowledged by the American government -- has always been presumed to have occurred with tacit Pakistani military consent . It was not clear from the Pakistani officials when the presence there began or when it ended . A U.S. military official who did not want to be identified told CNN : "  There are no U.S. forces at Shamsi Air Base in Balochistan . " He did not respond at the time or in writing to queries as to whether U.S. personnel had been based there in the past . The departure of American personnel -- if confirmed -- would be significant because of increasing strain between Islamabad and Washington sparked by the continuing drone attacks and by the Raymond Davis affair , in which a CIA contractor fatally shot two Pakistani men in a Lahore neighborhood . It has always been unclear how many drone bases the United States operates in or near Pakistan . But the Friday attack in North Waziristan that killed 25 people would indicate the United States maintains the capability to strike tribal areas with drones . Carl Forsberg , research analyst at the Institute for the Study of War think tank , said he does n't think the alleged move will affect the effort using drones to target the Haqqani Network and other militant groups holed up in the tribal region . That 's because many strikes have been conducted from closer bases , such as those across the Pakistani border in eastern Afghan provinces . He said the Pakistanis could be making the alleged move to appease a populace angry at the United States . The southern air base , he said , does n't appear to be integral to the tribal area fight and is probably a supporting base . "  It 's not like the Pakistanis shut down the program , " he said . "  It 's possible they want to do this as a means of pre-empting drone strikes in Balochistan , " where there is a Taliban presence . "  The United States has an interest in going after the Taliban in Balochistan " he said , and in an ideal world the United States would like to target Taliban sanctuaries in that region with drones . Also , he said , it 's possible the Pakistanis are using pressure on the United States to offset any U.S. pressure on them . He said it 's no coincidence that the development emerged after Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , visited Islamabad . In an interview that aired Wednesday on Pakistan 's Geo TV , Mullen spoke forcefully about the Haqqani Network , which he said "  very specifically facilitates and supports the Taliban who move in Afghanistan , and they 're killing Americans . " "  I ca n't accept that and I will do everything I possibly can to prevent that specifically , " he said . Then Mullen said Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence "  has a longstanding relationship with the Haqqani Network . That does n't mean everybody in the ISI , but it 's there . " "  I also have an understanding that the ISI and the  Pakistani military  exist to protect their own citizens , and there 's a way they have done that for a long period of time , " Mullen said . "  I believe that over time , that 's got to change . " A senior Pakistani intelligence official responded by saying , "  We do have a relationship : that of an adversary . " "  We have made our resolve very clear that  the Haqqani Network  is an enemy we need to fight together , " said the official , who did not want to be identified discussing intelligence matters . The Pakistani intelligence official told CNN that "  we have our hands full " fighting other Islamist militant groups along the border with Afghanistan , notably those under the umbrella of the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , "  and once we are through with them we can turn on the other  the Haqqanis  . We do not have the capacity to undertake simultaneous operations . " The official said the "  onus of providing proof of this " relationship was on the Americans and it was not up to the ISI "  to start providing clarification . " Asked if offense was taken from Mullen 's remarks , the intelligence official said : "  Not personally , no . " In Friday 's attack , a drone fired five missiles on a hideout in Mir Ali of North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan , two intelligence officials said . The officials said the militants , who were staying in the hideout , were planning to move into Afghanistan for an attack against coalition forces . The militants were local Taliban members from Orakzai agency , another district of Pakistan 's tribal region , who were trained for war , the officials said . The intelligence officials asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media . But the attack also killed at least three women when one of the missiles hit a house next to the targeted compound , officials said . The Pakistani intelligence source identified the civilians killed as five women and three children . Friday 's drone strike was the 20th this year compared with 111 in all of 2010 , based on a CNN tally . The strike comes two days after Pakistan issued a strongly worded statement condemning deadly suspected U.S. drone strikes in the country 's tribal region . "  Drone attacks have become a core irritant in the counterterror campaign , " a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Wednesday . "  We have repeatedly said that such attacks are counterproductive and only contribute to strengthen the hands of the terrorists . " CNN 's Joe Sterling and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. official disputes a Pakistani claim that civilians died in a drone strike U.S. military personnel depart a Pakistan base , a Pakistani official says The location is a hub of drone activity , another official says The news comes amid public furor over civilians killed in drone strikes
CNN  -- YouTube has made another match for a U.S. Marine looking to score a date to the Marine Corps Ball . Justin Timberlake said Friday that he will accept an invitation extended through a YouTube video by Cpl. Kelsey de Santis . "  If my schedule works out to do it , I 'd love to do it . It 's an honor , " Timberlake said at a media event to promote the film "  Friends with Benefits . " De Santis made the video after Timberlake 's "  Friends with Benefits " co-star Mila Kunis received a similar invitation from a Marine serving in Afghanistan . "  If you ca n't go , all I have to say is ` Cry Me a River , ' " De Santis , flanked by a contingent of tough-looking male Marines , said on the video , referencing one of Timberlake 's hit songs . Timberlake joked that he was not accepting "  because she shouted out one of my songs , which I love , " but because "  I do n't get asked out ever , so I was very flattered by that . " His acceptance comes one day after Kunis addressed rumors that work would keep her from her date , despite saying she would attend Sgt. Scott Moore 's YouTube invitation to attend the Marine Corps Ball in Greenville , North Carolina . "  I will happily clear it up , once and for all , " Kunis said Thursday . "  Never did I say that I was not going . ... I am attending . I 'm going . November 18 I will be there . " If Timberlake follows through on his acceptance , he will attend the November 12 Marine Corps Ball in Washington , D.C.	"  I 'd love to do it . It 's an honor , " Timberlake says of date with Cpl. Kelsey de Santis A similar invitation was extended to his "  Friends with Benefits " co-star Mila Kunis Kunis will attend a November 18 event with Sgt. Scott Moore
Baghdad  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of followers of anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr marked the ninth anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq on Monday by demanding improvements in public services in the war-torn country . Some of the protesters carried coffins marked "  electricity , " "  water " and "  education " through the streets of the southern oil city of Basra . Others carried cables and water containers to express their frustration with the lack of basic utilities . Iraqi security officials estimated the crowd at 100,000 to 120,000 people , many of whom carried Iraqi flags , banners and pictures of al-Sadr -- the Shiite Muslim leader whose former militia once fought numerous pitched battles with U.S. troops . With the American military now out of Iraq , the banners challenged Iraq 's new political leaders , asking "  Where are your promises ? " In a statement read by one of his allies , the cleric urged his followers to take their complaints to the ballot box . "  If the government fails to listen to your demands , then you will decide what is best for you , " he said . About 30 % of Iraq 's population lacks access to clean drinking water , though the figure is up sharply from 2008 , according to the Brookings Institution 's Iraq index . Electricity generation surpassed prewar levels in mid-2007 but averaged about 56 % of demand in 2011 , Brookings estimates . Iraq seeks new oil routes amid Iran tensions Al-Sadr , who rarely makes public appearances , also called on his supporters to remain firm in their opposition to the United States and Israel . "  If we unite our voices , then we will be able to defeat America , Israel and other enemies , " Sheikh Assad al-Nassri told the crowd on al-Sadr 's behalf . A U.S.-led army invaded Iraq on March 20 , 2003 , toppling longtime dictator Saddam Hussein . But years of bloodshed followed the invasion as an insurgency led by Hussein 's allies took root , followed by sectarian warfare between Iraq 's Shiite majority and Sunni minority . Al-Sadr 's militia , the Mehdi Army , was blamed for some of the worst violence . He formally disbanded the group in 2008 , announcing that it was transitioning into a movement to oppose secularism and Western thought . Meanwhile , his political movement has become a kingmaker in Iraqi politics : Its 39 members of Iraq 's parliament were key to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's winning a second term . His supporters usually demonstrate in Baghdad to mark the anniversary . But they held this year 's rally in Basra because of tightened security in the capital as it prepares to host an Arab summit , security officials told CNN . The United States argued Hussein 's regime had been harboring forbidden stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons , long-range missiles and a nuclear weapons program . But inspectors later found that Baghdad had attempted to conceal some weapons-related research from the international community , but that Iraq had been effectively disarmed under U.N. sanctions in the 1990s . The invasion swiftly toppled Hussein , who was later executed for the massacre of Shiite villagers following an assassination attempt in the 1980s . But nearly 4,500 Americans and 300-plus allied troops were killed before the last American troops left in December , while estimates of the Iraqi toll run well above 100,000 .	Sadrists demand better services as they mark ninth anniversary of war Supporters carry coffins marked "  electricity " and "  water " The cleric urges followers to stay united in opposing the United States and Israel
CNN  -- Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig will retire when his current term ends January 24 , 2015 , Major League Baseball said Thursday . Selig said that "  it remains my great privilege to serve the game I have loved throughout my life . " "  Baseball is the greatest game ever invented , and I look forward to continuing its extraordinary growth and addressing several significant issues during the remainder of my term , " he said in a statement . Selig , 79 , has been full-time commissioner since 1998 after six years as the interim boss . Before that , he owned the Milwaukee Brewers after moving the Seattle Pilots in 1970 . The game changed significantly during Selig 's tenure as commissioner . Interleague play was instituted , teams that exceeded a salary threshold were penalized and the money shared with other teams , and the postseason was revamped several times to include division series and the Wild Card playoff contest . Umpires can now also use instant replay to review certain plays . MLB also grew . Two teams -- the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Tampa Bay Rays -- joined . The Montreal Expos moved to Washington and became the Nationals . Other teams switched divisions and the Brewers changed leagues . There were low points , too , including MLB canceling the World Series in 1994 after a players ' strike , and a long investigation into the use of performing-enhancing drugs in baseball that culminated in a 2007 report that led to congressional hearings .	Bud Selig was owner of the Milwaukee Brewers when he became interim commissioner He took on the job full time six years later He presided during many changes to the game and during the steroid era
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Patients being treated on the floor , because emergency rooms are overcrowded , medical sources say . Medicines running low . And , according to a Health Ministry spokesman , fuel shortages such that only half the available ambulances can run and the generators powering lights in hospitals might only last a few more days . Sources there say that is the reality nowadays in Gaza , a dire situation that looks like it will persist or perhaps get worse -- since neither Hamas nor Israel 's government have shown any indication of backing down . Rockets being fired from Gaza into Israel are menacing and can be dangerous . Case in point came Friday , when a woman was hurt after a rocket hit a house in Be'er Sheva , according to Israel 's military . Every day , there are more such attacks , each one potentially lethal . Earlier Friday , for instance , Israel Defense Forces reported that two soldiers were lightly wounded in an attack by an anti-tank missile . Hostilities between the two sides picked up weeks ago -- tensions that were exacerbated by the kidnapping and killing of three Israeli teenagers . There 's a disparity in the human toll in the latest fighting . No Israelis have been killed so far by the hundreds of rockets fired toward southern Israel by Hamas , Islamic Jihad and other militant groups in Gaza . Some Israelis have been wounded . More than 100 people -- including at least 23 children and 24 women -- have been killed and nearly 800 others have been injured in Gaza from Israeli strikes , according to Dr. Ashraf Al-Qidra , the spokesman for Gaza 's health ministry . The toll kept rising Saturday , after an Israeli strike in Jabalya in northern Gaza that Hamas security sources said killed members of the Islamic Jihad militant group . Those places where the injured are being treated are n't necessarily safe havens , either : Al-Qidra told CNN that at least one hospital in Gaza was shelled . The medical sources who described the overcrowded emergency rooms in Gaza and dwindling supply of medicine characterized what is happening there as not unlike the chaos witnessed at Syrian hospitals during its civil war . And even those not in hospitals or who have n't been impacted directly by airstrikes face significant challenges . CNN staff in Gaza reported there are rolling blackouts , and there are water shortages in some areas because airstrikes have damaged pumping stations . Israeli authorities insist that they want peace , and that they are striking back in order to defend their territory . As things stand , they contend , doing nothing is not a valid option . To that point , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated Friday that there is one path to a cease-fire : the cessation of attacks from Gaza . Observers wonder whether Israel will escalate its defense with even more offense -- by sending troops into Gaza . Nothing is off the table , Netanyahu said . "  We are considering all options and getting ready for every possible scenario , " he said . "  All the citizens of Israel are aware of my major goal , and this is to bring back the quiet to all Israeli territories . Hamas keeps attacking us , and therefore we are fighting them back . " Rocket from Lebanon Israel faced attack from a second front Friday , but it is unlikely that a rocket fired from Lebanon signifies the widening of the conflict with Hamas . The rocket launched from Lebanon landed near the northern Israeli town of Metula , which sits right by the Lebanese border , and no damage or injuries have been reported . It was not immediately clear who fired the rocket . An IDF spokesman said Israel holds the Lebanese government responsible for the attack , but concerns that Israel will face a two-front conflict are unlikely to be realized . Hezbollah , which operates in Lebanon and is caught up in other conflicts in the region , probably does not have the appetite to start a war with Israel . Thousands of rockets were fired from Lebanon into Israel during a war in 2006 , but rocket attacks since then have been sporadic . Tensions are always high between Hezbollah and Israel , but Hezbollah 's involvement in Syria 's civil war means that a fight with Israel might not make sense . Nonetheless , Israel responded with artillery that landed in the vicinity of the Lebanese town of Kfar Shouba . No casualties were reported , the Lebanese army said . Israel calls up reservists As fears of an Israeli ground assault grew among Gaza residents Thursday , Israel revealed it has beefed up its forces by calling about 30,000 reservists to their units . "  We are utilizing that force to enable us to create a substantial force around Gaza , that if it is required , we 'll be able to mobilize as soon as possible , " Israel Defense Forces spokesman Peter Lerner told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . The Israeli Cabinet has authorized the military to call up 40,000 troops if needed . That is 10,000 more than were called up during Israel 's offensive into Gaza in November 2012 . The Israel Defense Forces said Friday that since the start of Operation Protective Edge , more than 570 rockets have been fired at Israel . The country 's Iron Dome defense system has intercepted more than 100 of them , the IDF said . Hamas and other militant groups in Gaza are believed to have about 10,000 rockets of varying ranges , according to the Israeli military . Israel has said some 3.5 million residents live in areas within reach of the rockets . U.S. willing to help broker cease-fire Hopes for a cease-fire appeared dim even as world leaders called for the two sides to stop the violence . U.S. President Barack Obama and Netanyahu spoke by phone . "  The United States remains prepared to facilitate a cessation of hostilities , including a return to the November 2012 cease-fire agreement , " the White House said in a written statement , referring to the Egyptian-brokered deal that halted the previous Israel-Hamas conflict . The President also condemned rocket attacks from Gaza and said the United States reaffirmed Israel 's right to defend itself . From Samson and Delilah to Israeli-Palestinian fighting Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ? Was teen 's death a revenge killing ? CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem , Mariano Castillo wrote this report in Atlanta , and CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Gaza City . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jon Jensen , Aliza Kassim , Diana Magnay , Tal Heinrich , Amir Tal and Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report .	NEW : Hamas security sources : Islamic Jihad militants killed in Israeli airstrike At least 100 Palestinians have been killed in Gaza since Monday , officials say Medical sources compare the crisis in Gaza hospitals to that in Syria during its civil war Israel says all options remain on the table , says that Hamas must stop attacking Israel
Washington  CNN  -- As Libyans in the United States cheered the death of Moammar Gadhafi , President Barack Obama on Thursday called the fate of the former Libyan leader both the end of a "  long and painful chapter for the people of Libya " and the hallmark of a successful U.S. foreign policy . In the first official government remarks on the killing of a longtime foe who was behind terrorist attacks against U.S. citizens , Obama pledged American support as Libya builds a democratic system from the ruins of dictatorship . "  You have won your revolution , " he said to the Libyan people . Obama also praised the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya 's rebel forces . "  Without putting a single U.S. service member on the ground , we achieved our objectives , " Obama said in heralding a strategy that "  demonstrated what collective action can achieve in the 21st century . " In an obvious reference to Syria and the crackdown on dissent by President Bashar al-Assad , Obama noted that Gadhafi 's death proved "  once more that the rule of an iron fist inevitably comes to an end . " "  Across the Arab world , citizens have stood up to claim their rights , " the president said . "  Youth are delivering a powerful rebuke to dictatorship , and those leaders who try to deny human dignity will not succeed . " His statement , delivered in the White House Rose Garden , followed hours of silence by top government officials as initial reports that Gadhafi had been captured or killed emerged from Libya . It was a very different scene hours later outside the White House , as dozens of people waved and wrapped themselves in the Libyan flag while cheering Gadhafi 's death . Many sang to the beat of a drum Thursday evening , while one celebrant held a hand-drawn sign showing a newborn baby drawn over the outline of Libya -- symbolizing a country reborn . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was in Afghanistan when she said "  Wow " after an aide handed her a Blackberry that spoke of Gadhafi 's capture . At the time , she stressed the reports were "  unconfirmed " and noted similar stories had proven false , Politicians were less reticent , especially as it became more clear that Gadhafi was in fact dead . Sens. John Kerry and John McCain , both foreign affairs veterans , were among several legislators who remarked about Gadhafi 's death long before Obama issued his statement . McCain , an Arizona Republican who lost to Obama in the 2008 presidential election , called it a "  great day " and said the administration he previously criticized for withholding full U.S. military capacity in Libya "  deserves great credit . " "  Obviously , I had different ideas on the tactical side , but ... the world is a better place , and the Libyan people now have a chance , " McCain told CNN . Kerry , a Massachusetts Democrat , said Obama 's policy of building a NATO-led coalition for the Libya mission "  demonstrated clear-eyed leadership , patience and foresight by pushing the international community into action . " "  Though the administration was criticized both for moving too quickly and for not moving quickly enough , it is undeniable that the NATO campaign prevented a massacre and contributed mightily to Gadhafi 's undoing without deploying boots on the ground or suffering a single American fatality , " Kerry said . Rep. Mike Rogers , the chairman of the House intelligence committee , cheered the news that Gadhafi 's "  brutal regime is finally over . " At the same time , the Michigan Republican stressed what he deemed an urgent need to secure "  Libya 's large stockpile of chemical and other advanced weapons " in this period of transition . Vice President Joe Biden noted that the U.S. role in the campaign cost no more than $ 2 billion and that no American lives were lost , saying : "  This is more a prescription about how we ought to deal going forward . "  We do not have to do it ourselves . ... The NATO alliance worked like it was designed to do , " Biden told CNN 's Candy Crowley in New Hampshire , calling Gadhafi "  one bad guy . This was real burden sharing . " According to figures from the Pentagon and State Department , the total bill as of September 30 for the U.S. role in the Libya campaign was about $ 1.3 billion . However , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida complained that Obama 's strategy unnecessarily extended the conflict by withholding full U.S. involvement and firepower . "  If the U.S. had gotten involved early , aggressively and decisively , today would have happened months ago , " Rubio said . "  Sometimes you do n't just have to do the right thing . You have to do the right thing at the right time , and I think this administration failed to do that . " The news of Gadhafi 's death marked the end of the seven-month NATO-led Libya campaign initially spearheaded by the United States to prevent Gadhafi 's forces from attacking Benghazi , the opposition stronghold . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen announced Thursday , hours after Gadhafi was killed , that the alliance "  will terminate our mission " in the North African nation . Clinton visited the Libyan capital of Tripoli this week , making her the highest-level U.S. government official to go to the country since 2008 . In a CNN interview in Afghanistan as the reports of Gadhafi 's death were emerging , Clinton said Libya 's governing National Transition Council did n't want to begin the process of forming a new government until Gadhafi was captured or killed , fearing "  security problems . " While challenges remain for Libya , Clinton said that Gadhafi 's absence -- meaning that he can not marshal popular support , pay for mercenaries or lead a guerrilla warfare campaign -- would make "  a big difference . " "  His death brings  a lot of legitimacy and validation and relief to the formation of the new government , " she said . The killing of Gadhafi also raises anew the question of whether a Libyan convicted of helping bomb Pan Am Flight 103 in 1988 , killing 270 people , would be forced to resume serving a prison sentence in Scotland . Abdelbeset al-Megrahi returned to a hero 's welcome in Libya two years ago after his humanitarian release from a Scottish prison due to advanced cancer . He is still alive today , and some U.S. legislators have mounted a vigorous campaign for his return to prison . House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican , said the United States can be a "  willing friend and partner " to Libya 's new government if it can "  resolve all issues associated with Gadhafi 's terrorism-sponsored activities . " To the brother of a victim of the Pan Am bombing , Gadhafi 's death represents justice delayed but not denied . Brian Flynn said that when his brother John Patrick Flynn died , "  I promised him and myself that I would n't let it go , that there would be justice . " "  Today is an example that after 22 years , finally justice is done , " Flynn said . "  I owed him that . And I feel that the Libyan people have helped me fulfill my promise to him , an example that we 've been able to do that . " CNN 's Alex Mooney , Kate Bolduan , Jamie Crawford , Susan Candiotti , Jill Dougherty and Adam Aigner-Treworgy contributed to this report .	NEW : Dozens outside of the White House celebrate Gadhafi 's death VP Biden says "  the NATO alliance worked like it was designed to do " The president says Gadhafi 's death ends a "  long and painful chapter " NATO 's leader announces the alliance will end its mission in Libya
CNN  My parents , Shanthi and C. S. Seshadri , met only twice before their wedding 30 years ago in southern India . "  Met " is a stretch . My father was 32 . My mother was 21 and had no say in the pairing . It was a shock to her when the man who came to see her was my father . She did n't understand why her brothers and her father would set her up with a man 11 years older , from a family that was so different from hers . He was a city boy , had traveled to and lived in various parts of India . He enjoyed cheese puffs , knew how to eat with chopsticks and the names of different types of alcohol . She had never ventured too far out of her town of Vellore , had never heard of these foods and alcohol was an unspeakable word . Whether it was a desperate match to stop a few town boys from pursuing her , or whether their horoscopes were perfectly aligned , she does n't know . But her brother had a great feeling about it , and the match was made . Engagement . Wedding . They had no choice but to trust that their parents knew what they were doing , and they went with it . They were thrown into a relationship , their first and only one , and slowly learned everything about that person -- raw and true -- from the beginning . They grew together because it was new and awkward and special for both of them . And no matter what came their way -- scraping for dowries , moving countries , a heart attack , the death of a child -- they stayed together and they dealt with it . They did n't even know that it could be any other way . I think there 's a beauty to that . Indian parents are n't the best at expressing love , in my experience . They do n't think the words are necessary when you support each other for ... well , forever . But over the past few years , my parents have individually divulged their fondness for one another to me . And maybe because I 'm older now , I catch them looking adoringly at each other in the temple . Stealing smiles in the kitchen . One discreetly stroking the other 's head . My father does n't like talking about his feelings , but a year ago , he told me my mother is his favorite person . When we tease him about their age difference , he says he likes taking care of her . He thinks she 's innocent , has a good heart and deserves to be taken care of . My mother says she and my father are 99 % made for each other . They are on the same page for all the things that matter . They are opposites in many ways . She does n't share his love for cricket or Hollywood , and he does n't engage in her discussions of Tamil literature . But they are perfectly complementary . Often my mother jokes and tells me even if she searches the heavens and Earth , she ca n't find a husband as great as hers for me . If that is n't love , I do n't know what is .	The author 's parents were arranged to be married in 1985 ` They are on the same page for all the things that matter ' Share your love story at CNN.com / soulmatestories
CNN  -- Mark Cavendish claimed his second successive victory with another power-packed sprint at the end of the 227.5 km sixth stage of the Tour de France from Montargis to Gueugnon . The Briton dispelled doubts about his form by winning Thursday 's fifth stage -- and he doubled up in impressive fashion , beating rivals Tyler Farrar and Alessandro Petacchi after again receiving a perfect lead-out from HTC-Columbia teammate Mark Renshaw . There was no significant change in the overall classification with Fabian Cancellara retaining the race leader 's yellow jersey from Geraint Thomas . However , Team Sky 's Thomas clawed back three seconds on the Swiss because of a slight split in the peloton and he now trails by just 20 seconds overall . World champion Cadel Evans remains third , 39 seconds adrift , while race favorites Andy Schleck  sixth overall  , Alberto Contador  ninth  and Lance Armstrong  18th  all finished safely in the peloton . Friday 's stage -- the longest in this year 's race -- again saw three riders launch an early breakaway . At one stage , Ruben Perez Moreno , Sebastian Lang and Mathieu Perget held an advantage of eight minutes over the main bunch . However , the race came together with just 10km remaining and a confident Cavendish never looked like being stopped once the sprint for the line unfolded . "  I followed Mark Renshaw as usual and it was just a case of finishing off the incredible work that my teammates did for me , " Cavendish -- who was securing his 12th career stage win -- told the official Tour de France website . Saturday 's seventh stage to Station des Rousses sees the race hit the medium mountains and will see some of leading contenders for overall success come to the fore .	Mark Cavendish claims his second successive Tour de France stage victory The Briton crosses the line first at the end of the 227.5 km sixth stage to Gueugnon There is no change in the overall classification with Fabian Cancellara retaining his lead Saturday 's seventh stage to Station des Rousses sees the race hit the medium mountains
CNN  -- It 's been days since three Latin American presidents offered to give Edward Snowden a safe place to hide out from U.S. authorities . But the man who 's admitted leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs remains holed up at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport . And the global guessing game over his next steps has n't stopped . It 's still unclear where Snowden will go , and how he 'll get there . What 's the holdup ? Out of Russia : Snowden 's options Sure , we 've heard fiery speeches offering asylum from leftist leaders who are eager to criticize the United States . But supporting Snowden 's cause and wanting to make Uncle Sam look bad are n't the only parts of the equation , with so many trade and diplomatic relations hanging in the balance , said Michael Shifter , president of the Inter-American Dialogue think tank in Washington . "  They want to make a point , " he said , "  but I think they 're concerned about suffering the consequences , which I think would be serious . The United States has made that pretty clear . " Here 's a look at the pros and cons that leaders are facing in five Latin American nations that are among the 27 countries where Snowden is seeking asylum . Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro was the first leader to say he 'd give Snowden asylum . Officials have said they 're waiting to hear whether Snowden accepts the offer . Pros : • Maduro regularly alleges U.S. imperialism , has accused the U.S. government of trying to destabilize his country and even suggested that U.S. officials may have infected late Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez with the cancer that eventually killed him . Taking in a high-profile fugitive wanted in the United States would give him another platform to criticize the country . • It 's been months since the death of Chavez , who earned major political points at home and a place in the global spotlight with his fierce criticisms of America , including a notorious United Nations General Assembly speech where he called President George W. Bush the devil . Maduro describes himself as Chavez 's son . But while he might have the same speechwriters as his predecessor , he does n't have the same charisma , and it seems like fewer people are listening to his words . Giving Snowden asylum would be politically popular in Venezuela , shoring up support for Maduro among Chavez loyalists . • It also has regional and global implications . "  This for Maduro , I think , really provides an opportunity for him to show himself on the world stage as a regional leader , as the true successor of Chavez , " said David Smilde , a senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin America . Cons : • Relations with the United States have been slowly thawing since Maduro 's election in April . Last month , things were looking up when U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua . That would change if Venezuela granted asylum to Snowden . "  This will clearly freeze the warming of relations with Venezuela , " Smilde said . • Despite years of tense Venezuela-U.S. relations , economic ties between the two countries remain strong . Imports and exports between the United States and Venezuela totaled more than $ 56 billion last year , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Venezuela 's state-run oil company makes tens of billions of dollars annually from exports to the United States . Venezuela is the United States ' fourth-largest supplier of imported crude oil , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . Would offering Snowden asylum put that relationship in jeopardy ? It might . But this is n't the first time Venezuela has run afoul of the United States . Smilde argues that in offering Snowden asylum , Maduro gains more than he loses . "  Surely there 's going to be legislators in the Senate who are going to want sanctions against Venezuela , but I do n't think it 's going to get very far , " Smilde said . Shifter says it 's unclear whether the benefits are worth the costs . Bolivia President Evo Morales says he 's furious about what happened last week with his presidential jet , which had to land in Austria after European countries allegedly closed their airspace amid suspicions that Snowden was aboard . Now Morales says he 's willing to give Snowden asylum as a "  fair protest " of the incident . Pros : • Morales has long slammed what he calls U.S. imperialism , kicking out the Drug Enforcement Administration , the U.S. ambassador , and the U.S. Agency for International Development . Accepting Snowden would fall in line with the Bolivian president 's argument that his country would be better off without any U.S. interference . And in terms of its relationship with the United States , Bolivia has little goodwill left to lose . • The United States ' trade ties with Bolivia are weaker than its links with other countries in the region . "  Bolivia 's a country that I think has the least real economic interest with the United States , " Shifter said . Cons : • Still , there 's some economic connection . Exports and imports between the United States and Bolivia totaled more than $ 2.4 billion last year , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . • Despite Morales ' fierce criticism of European countries and the United States after the plane incident , Shifter said , it 's unclear whether he really wants Snowden to come to Bolivia . Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega says his country will grant asylum to Snowden "  if circumstances permit . " Was that a way to sound supportive , but give himself a way out ? It 's unclear . Pros : • Like Maduro and Morales , Ortega is a vocal critic of the United States , and his allegations of U.S. imperialism play well with his supporters . Cons : • Business is big for Ortega 's government , and it 's about to get a lot bigger . Chinese investors and Nicaraguan leaders have just signed a deal to build a $ 40 billion canal through the country . Does that mean Nicaragua is now looking East but not West when it comes to business ? Quite the opposite , Shifter said . "  I think the canal project is another factor that makes them even more interested in staying on the good side of the United States , " he said . • That 's not all . Exports and imports between the United States and Nicaragua totaled more than $ 3.8 billion last year , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . And Nicaragua gets trade preferences from the United States . As concerns about Snowden from business leaders mount , they wo n't fall on deaf ears with Ortega , Shifter said . "  Ortega has good relations with the business community in Nicaragua . He 's somebody that I think also has a pragmatic streak in him , " Shifter said . "  Rhetorically , at times , he 's confrontational , but behind the scenes , he 's making deals . " Ecuador Snowden set his sights on Ecuador with his first asylum request after leaving Hong Kong on June 23 . President Rafael Correa railed against the United States in fiery speeches over the issue earlier this month . But the government has said it 's still weighing the request , but ca n't act until Snowden 's in Ecuadorian territory . Some speculate that the delay in getting a clear response from Ecuador is what inspired Snowden to apply for asylum in dozens more countries . Pros : • Ecuador granted asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange last year , and has touted the decision as a clear sign that the South American nation is a defender of human rights . Giving Snowden asylum would give officials another platform to make that case . • Defiant authorities in Ecuador said last month that they would n't bow to U.S. pressure in Snowden 's case , vowing to reject trade benefits so U.S. officials could n't manipulate them . Cons : • When Ecuadorian officials said they did n't need U.S. trade preferences , business leaders issued a swift response : Not so fast . And with about half of Ecuador 's exports heading to the United States and trade between the two nations totaling more than $ 16 billion last year , Correa probably will weigh their comments carefully , Shifter said . "  Correa is a guy who on the one hand , he 's very defiant of the United States and wants to be the rhetorical leader of the left in Latin America , " Shifter said . "  On the other hand , he 's got a very broad coalition in Ecuador and is trying to be more pragmatic and attract foreign investment . " • After speaking with U.S. Vice President Joe Biden last month , Correa adopted a more measured tone . "  We have to act very carefully but with courage , " he said , "  without contradicting our principles but with a lot of care , responsibility and respect , of course , towards the U.S. but also respect for the truth . " Cuba President Raul Castro has n't shied away from talking about the Snowden case . He 's hailed the former National Security Agency contractor 's revelations and stressed that he supports fellow Latin American countries ' right to grant Snowden asylum . But there are two key things he has n't said : whether Cuba will grant asylum to Snowden and whether he 'd allow a plane carrying the U.S. intelligence leaker to make a stopover in Cuba on the way to South America . Pros : • Decades of hostile relations between the United States and Cuba and a tough economic embargo could mean that Cuba would have less to lose than other Latin American nations when it comes to granting asylum . With so many sanctions in place , said Philip Peters , president of the Cuba Research Center in Washington , "  I do n't know what more the United States could add . " • Official media in Cuba have painted Snowden as a hero . Cuba could decide to step in , Shifter said , "  if there 's an issue where it would have to do with Latin American pride and dignity and sovereignty . " • While granting Snowden asylum might be a step too far , letting a connecting flight carrying him land in Cuba might be an option . "  I think there 's a measure of risk in that for Cuba , but it may be OK if he does n't stay there , if they 're facilitating it as a transit stop , " Shifter said . "  But I think it would make them uneasy . " Cons : • There are signs that Washington 's relationship with Havana is improving , such as a recent agreement to hold talks over bringing back direct mail between the two nations . And Cuba is hopeful about more developments in U.S. President Barack Obama 's second term . "  I think that maybe Cuba does not want to complicate this process and risk the advances that have been made recently , " Peters told CNN en Español . "  I would guess that Cuba does not have an interest in receiving this man , and does not want to complicate the relationship with Washington . Even though it is n't a very good relationship , it is a relationship that has gotten a little better in recent months . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Patrick Oppmann and Patricia Janiot and journalist Samantha Lugo contributed to this report .	Venezuelan and Bolivian leaders have offered Edward Snowden asylum Nicaragua 's president has said he 'll give it "  if circumstances permit " Some countries have much to lose , others have more to gain
CNN  -- You ca n't imagine that one of the greatest players in tennis history has ever lacked confidence , but Roger Federer is bubbling with it again after bouncing back from some heartbreaking defeats in the past few months . The former world No. 1 's record-breaking fourth title at the Indian Wells Masters event in California on Sunday extended his winning run to 15 matches -- and 37 from 39 since Novak Djokovic saved match-point to win their epic U.S. Open semifinal in five sets last September . Federer won the end-of-season ATP World Tour Finals in London , but his bid for a first grand slam title since 2008 ended in the semifinals of January 's Australian Open as he lost to longtime rival Rafael Nadal . He reversed that defeat in the last four on Saturday and now has a 10-18 record against the Spaniard , but denied it was a revenge victory . "  I 'm just happy that my run has been so successful and so good , " the 30-year-old , who also equaled Nadal 's record of 19 Masters 1000 titles , told CNN after beating American John Isner in the final . "  I had a tough loss at the U.S. Open ... it was important that I showed a good reaction . I 've on an incredible run now . I 've won six of my last eight tournaments and I 'm feeling really good and very happy to play . Being on this run and getting some confidence is great . " The 16-time grand slam champion has now collected three consecutive ATP Tour titles , becoming the first man to win four times at Indian Wells -- six years after his last triumph at the U.S. hard-court event . "  I 'm confident . Mentally I 'm really fresh , despite playing a ton already this year ... I just think overall my game is very good at the moment and I hope I can take advantage of that , " he said following his 7-6  9-7  6-3 win over the big-serving Isner , who has cracked the top-10 rankings for the first time . Isner , 10th in this week 's ATP listings , reached the final after eliminating world No. 1 Djokovic on Saturday . "  I thought John had a terrific tournament , " said Federer . "  Now he 's installed himself in the top 10 , I think he 'll stay there for quite some time because he 's a player with probably the best serve in the game right now . " Federer said the 26-year-old also makes the most of the height advantage he has over most opponents . "  I think his serve is overall more sound , " he said . "  He knows when to use which serve . He 's volleying well and he 's got a great forehand . "  I think he uses his size well and that 's why I 'm sure he 's going to be around for a long time . " Both Federer and Isner will be in action at the Miami Masters , which starts on Wednesday .	Roger Federer beats John Isner to clinch a record fourth Indian Wells Masters title The former world No. 1 has now won his last three ATP Tour tournaments The 16-time grand slam winner has won 39 and lost just two of his last 41 matches Federer praised Isner 's performance , after the he reached the top 10 for the first time
London  CNN  -- American and British leadership of the world remains "  essential to the cause of human dignity , " President Barack Obama said Wednesday , making a sweeping case for values including freedom and the free market in a speech to a joint session of the British Parliament . "  We must act , and lead , with confidence in our ideals , and an abiding faith in the character of our people , " Obama said , even while adding they will "  proceed with humility , and the knowledge that we can not dictate outcomes abroad . " He argued that "  the longing for freedom and human dignity " is "  universal , and it beats in every heart . " And he linked this year 's uprisings against regimes across the Middle East to the fall of Communism in Europe , of white minority rule in South Africa , and of dictatorships in Latin America and Southeast Asia , saying they reflect "  a longing for the same freedoms that we take for granted at home . " Obama to Middle East : We 'll show you the money He also contended that the rise of China , India and Brazil was linked to their acceptance of free markets on the British and American models . Their ascendance does not mean that Western leadership is in decline , he insisted , saying : "  The time for our leadership is now . " His aides billed the address as the centerpiece of his six-day trip to Europe this week . British lawmakers greeted him with a standing ovation , and applauded his description of himself as the son of a Kenyan cook in the British army who had become president of the United States . The speech caps a two-day trip to Britain that mixed pomp with politics . Queen Elizabeth II hosted a state dinner for Obama Tuesday night , where he wore a white tie and tails , while a day later he and David Cameron rolled up shirtsleeves and served burgers and sausages to military service members and their families in the garden of 10 Downing Street . The president and prime minister turned up the heat on Moammar Gadhafi in a joint appearance Wednesday , with the president saying that "  ultimately " the Libyan leader will go . The United Nations-endorsed mission to protect Libya 's people from their leader means making sure Gadhafi "  does n't have capacity to send in a bunch of thugs to murder innocent civilians and threaten them , " Obama said . "  I do think we have made enormous progress in Libya . We have saved lives . Gadhafi and his regime need to understand there will not be a letup in the pressure we are applying , " Obama said . But both he and Cameron said it will take time to reach a solution in Libya , which Gadhafi has ruled for 42 years . The nation seems to be grinding into a stalemated civil war . "  We may have to be more patient than people would like , " Obama said . Cameron refused to answer a journalist 's question about whether the United Kingdom would send attack helicopters to bolster the military mission in Libya , but said : "  We should be turning up the heat in Libya , " and vowed to look at "  all the options " for doing so . Obama and Cameron were speaking on a wide range of topics at a news conference in a sunlit garden in London . Before their meeting with journalists , the two leaders discussed policy in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the Israel-Palestinian conflict , among other issues . Obama said America 's relationship with Britain is "  the strongest it has ever been " and said the two nations are committed to working together on global economic recovery and fighting the war on terror . Cameron said the U.S. killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was "  a strike right at the heart of international terrorism " and that Britain and the United States must work closely with Pakistan in the future . "  We can defeat al Qaeda , " Cameron said . Obama is in the middle of a six-day , four-nation trip to Europe that began in Ireland and will continue with stops in France and Poland . On Tuesday the president and first lady toured Buckingham Palace and visited Westminster Abbey , where crowds that had gathered along the roads outside cheered their arrival . Cameron talked up the two countries ' closeness the night before the Obama visit officially began , calling the relationship "  essential " and saying there is an "  incredible alignment of views " between 10 Downing Street and the White House . On a less formal note , Obama also joined Cameron in playing table tennis against two students during a visit to a local school . No details on the final score were made public , but the students won handily . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	The United States and Britain will "  stand with those who struggle , " Obama says He strongly defends U.S. leadership and values in a major speech to Parliament Obama is in the middle of a two-day state visit to Britain blending pomp and politics Queen Elizabeth II hosted a state dinner for him , while David Cameron helped him serve burgers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- French speed sailing trimaran , l'Hydroptere has broken yet another world record as its crew draw closer to two major milestones . The flying yacht : French trimaran l'Hydroptere is closing in on two major speed sailing records . L'Hydroptere is now the fastest yacht in history over 500 meters and one nautical mile , after its average speeds of 46.88 knots and 43.09 knots respectively were ratified by the British World Sailing Speed Record Council  WSSRC  . The records were set by Alain Thebault and his crew off Port Saint-Louis du Rhone near Marseille in the south of France . The boat is now poised to pass the 100km per hour mark  54 knots  after reaching a peak of 53.69 knots in training last month . The major record the l'Hydroptere is trying to claim is the world "  absolute speed sailing record , " which is currently held by American kite surfer Robert Douglas , who achieved 49.84 knots over 500m earlier this year . Thebault and his crew now have until 22 December to establish new records this year . These attempts will be presided over and measured by a representative from the World Sailing Speed Record Council . Thébault told CNN he had a long-held dream of skippering a boat that could "  fly . " He said several subtle design changes had been made to the boat in 2008 and he 's confident the crew can produce the record speed in the near future . "  I think the boat is ready now . I have always dreamed about a flying yacht . It was a big emotion for all of the crew and myself when we passed 50 knots , " he said .	L'Hydroptere is the new fastest yacht over 500 meters and one nautical mile The boat is based in Marseille and is skippered by Frenchman Alain Thebault The crew are now poised to pass the 100 kilometers per hour mark  54 knots
CNN  -- The Stamford Bridge faithful gave their returning hero a rapturous reception before Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea team made sure the "  Special One " would be celebrating Sunday as they beat Hull 2-0 in their English Premier League opener . Mourinho , returning for a second spell in charge at Roman Abramovich 's Chelsea , said after the win that it was proof he had made the right decision . "  It was fantastic , something you do n't forget . I know they  the fans  love me and that 's the reason I 'm back and could say ` yes ' to Mr Abramovich , " he told Sky Sports . The Portuguese saw his team dominate from the start with first half goals from Oscar and veteran midfielder Frank Lampard sealing the three points . Lampard could afford to see his sixth minute penalty saved by Hull goalkeeper Allan McGregor , who made amends for his clumsy foul on Fernando Torres . Brazil 's Oscar was played in by man of the match Kevin De Bruyne before beating McGregor for the 13th minute opener . More might have followed in a fluent display by the Blues , but Lampard stepped up to double the advantage with a perfectly struck free kick . Promoted Hull improved after the break to prevent a rout , introducing a number of their close season acquisitions , including record signing Tom Huddlestone from Tottenham Hotspur . Mourinho , back after managing Inter Milan and Real Madrid , acknowledged his team had been unable to match their first half heroics although under no serious pressure . "  It was a brilliant first half , high intensity , great quality , great football . "  But it was no surprise that in the second half the intensity went down because our pre season was not easy , with a number of players involved in midweek internationals , " he added . Earlier , Huddlestone 's old club made sure Crystal Palace 's return to the EPL would also end in defeat . Tottenham secured a 1-0 away win at Selhurst Park thanks to a second half penalty by their record signing Spain international Roberto Soldado . They also fielded other new signings Paulinho and Nacer Chadli in midfield , but Real Madrid transfer target Gareth Bale was not included , still nursing a foot injury . Champions Manchester United marked David Moyes ' first match in charge Saturday with a 4-1 win at Swansea . Last year 's runners-up Manchester City , who also have a new manager in Manuel Pellegrini and open their campaign at home to Newcastle in the Monday night game .	Chelsea give Jose Mourinho winning return to English Premier League Oscar and Lampard goals in the second half as Hull beaten 2-0 Mourinho returning to Chelsea after managing Inter Milan and Real Madrid Roberto Soldado scores on EPL defeat as Spurs beat Crystal Palace 1-0
CNN  -- Gas prices across the Southeast and Midwest soared over the weekend , and while many would blame Hurricane Ike , human nature may be a more likely scapegoat . iReporter Stacy Haynes said this Harriman , Tennessee , station was selling regular gas at $ 5.09 a gallon Saturday . Experts say that when a perception exists that gas is limited -- warranted or not -- consumers flock to the pumps even if officials implore them to stay calm . It 's a combination of fear , desire , distrust and protectionism , experts say . "  When you have a perceived scarcity of any product , research shows the attractiveness of that product goes up , " said Dr. Rao Unnava , marketing professor at Ohio State University . Grocery and department stores are keenly aware of the phenomenon , Unnava said , which is why sale flyers often declare things like , "  limit three items per customer " or "  price valid only through Friday . " Research shows that such advertisements can actually double or triple sales of a product , Unnava said . "  People do n't feel comfortable with scarcity , " he said . With gasoline , scarcity is a false perception , Unnava said . There is ample gas in the United States , even after Ike delivered 110-mph winds to Galveston and Houston , an area that 's home to a significant portion of the nation 's oil refineries . Gov. Rick Perry announced Monday that Texas ' oil and gas industry "  dodged a bullet " and that "  some of those refineries are actually back in operation as we speak . " This is n't to say human nature alone drove the spike in gas prices ; the oil market 's supply side certainly played its part . Refineries , pipeline and oil platforms are still being assessed after Ike , but the damage apparently is n't as severe as predicted , said Gregg Laskoski , spokesman for the southern region of the American Automobile Association . Despite the rosier-than-expected outlook , prices spiked all over the nation after Ike struck the Gulf Coast -- about 6 cents a gallon Saturday , another 6 cents Sunday and about 5 cents Monday . Particularly hard hit was the central and eastern United States . From Sunday to Monday alone , 23 states saw the average price of gas jump about a nickel or more a gallon , according to AAA . iReport.com : Send , see photos of gas prices In Tennessee , the price jumped about 17 cents to $ 4.12 Monday . In Georgia , the price climbed about 14 cents to $ 4.16 . Michigan saw an almost 13-cent increase , and Indiana 's gas went up 12 cents a gallon . See gas prices state by state " Several factors drive these fluctuations , Laskoski said , including the method in which gasoline is delivered to a state . In Florida , he said , the price went up nominally  about 5 cents  from Sunday to Monday because the Sunshine State relies more heavily on gas shipped on boats out of Louisiana and Mississippi , he said . Though Georgia abuts Florida , it does n't have as many ports and relies more on tanker trucks to deliver gas from the Galveston-Houston area , Laskoski said . Hear how man ran out of fuel looking for gas in Atlanta , Georgia " Another factor , Laskoski said , is that Ike prompted many oil companies to shut down operations ahead of the storm . It could take up to two weeks to get some refineries operational again because it 's not as simple as flipping a switch , he said . The hiatus in oil production has ripple effects , and retailers often raise prices in anticipation of gas shortages . Gas station owners earn only a few pennies of profit on each gallon of gas , Laskoski said , explaining that proprietors essentially use gas to lure consumers into convenience stores to buy cigarettes , beer and potato chips -- items that draw better profits . When supply is low and retailers are uncertain when they 'll receive their next gas shipment , some proprietors actually raise their gas prices so they can keep their gas supply longer and maintain profits from their snacks and sundries . But while diminished refinery capacity helps drive prices upward , there is also an element of "  consumer behavior that goes beyond the norm , " Laskoski said . "  When you have consumer behavior that 's irrational , it 's hard for retailers to schedule it , " he said . Dr. Lars Perner , assistant professor of clinical marketing at the University of Southern California , said natural disasters often spawn irrational behavior . The media can also compound fears , he said . "  As soon as somebody starts running for the gas pumps , that 's where the TV cameras go , so it does become a vicious cycle , " Perner said . Even though everyone would be better off if consumers continued their normal patterns , people do n't always trust their neighbors to cooperate . This is especially true with an "  emotional commodity " like gas , Perner said . "  Because you ca n't count on other people doing that , your best bet is to go ahead and fill up yourself , " he said . "  If people get excited , rationality tends to be reduced somewhat . " Perner and Ohio State 's Unnava both note that consumers are often reluctant to trust government officials so an appeal to remain calm might be met with suspicion rather than acquiescence . Memories -- whether they 're of the calamitous response after Hurricane Katrina or of the gas shortages of the 1970s -- also play roles in a consumer 's reaction to an event , the professors said . According to Unnava , "  It 's all perception -- what you conclude from what you see around you -- that quickly sets up these behaviors . "	Perception of limited gas sends more people to the pumps , experts say Gas prices spiked across the nation after Hurricane Ike hit Gulf Coast Reduced supply after storm plays part , but so does consumer rush Professor : Consumers ' fears , TV coverage lead to "  a vicious cycle "
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A speaker claiming to be terrorism mastermind Osama bin Laden warned in an audiotape aired Friday that the release of two French journalists abducted by militants hinges on France 's military role in Afghanistan . "  We repeat the same message to you , " said the speaker in an audiotape played on the Al-Jazeera satellite news network . "  The release of your prisoners from the hands of our brethren depends on the withdrawal of your soldiers from our countries . " One U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN that the tape "  sends a chill up your spine , " as it refers to "  a couple of human beings whose lives are at stake . " However , the official said it is unclear how much influence bin Laden might have over the fate of the hostages . Another counterterrorism official said he would not discuss whether it was in fact bin Laden on the latest tape other than to say , "  there has never been a recording that has been false " about its claim to be him . On the tape , the speaker , believed to be al Qaeda chief bin Laden , warns the French government that its alliance with the United States will prove costly . "  The dismissal of your President  Nicholas  Sarkozy to get out of Afghanistan is the result of his subservience to the United States and this  dismissal  is considered to be the green signal to kill your prisoners without delay , " the speaker said . He goes on to say that "  we will not do that at the time that suits him  Sarkozy  and this position will cost you dearly on all fronts , in France and abroad . " France , however , said the message would not deter it from its Afghanistan strategy . "  We are determined to stay in Afghanistan with our allies for the Afghan people , " said French Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero . The first U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN that bin Laden 's continuing messages serve as a "  reminder " and an "  in your face " signal that he is still out there . But , that official said , "  the relevance  of the tapes  are on the wane . ... His message does n't resonate as well . " The second U.S. official said the tape is an effort by bin Laden to prove "  he is present , that he is engaging . " It 's a "  morale factor to remind the people who follow him that he 's still out there , " the second official said . But this official said bin Laden 's message is more "  inspirational " than operational . Some could take his message as "  a directive , " but there is no indication he is "  leading " an operation , the official said . The official said there has been no change in the U.S. belief that bin Laden is hiding in Pakistan somewhere along the border with Afghanistan . Taliban militants captured the journalists -- Herve Ghesquiere and Stephane Taponier from France 3 Television -- in December 2009 and threatened to kill them if their demands were not met , including the release of some detainees held by France . France has 3,750 troops in Afghanistan , according to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Al Qaeda 's North African wing has made the same withdrawal demands pertaining to the safety of five French nationals abducted in Niger . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. counterterrorism official : The message 's effect on the hostages ' fate is unclear NEW : The message is an "  in your face " signal that bin Laden is still out there , the official says The audiotape believed to be from Osama bin Laden was aired on Al-Jazeera television The speaker says the release of two journalists hinges on a French troop withdrawal
WIRED  -- Apple 's carefully thought-out notebook designs , as well as the clean lines of the iconic Apple Stores , make things very easy for smash-and-grab thieves . A security camera captures thieves looting an Apple store in Marlton , New Jersey . Better . Faster . Easier . That is the slogan for Apple 's new operating system , OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard . It could also refer to the heist that took place Wednesday in Marlton , New Jersey . First , the uncluttered , open design of the store , unencumbered by ugly metal shutters , made it easy to smash the plate glass window with just one blow . Watch video of heist here " Next , the thieves signaled to the security guard that they had a gun and then took off along the long , clear tables of merchandise , the straight run allowing them to efficiently scoop MacBooks and iPods into their swag bags . The magsafe cords detached instantly , offering no resistance and leaving power sockets undamaged . Finally , the stiff unibody shells meant that the villains could grab the notebooks one-handed from a corner with no flexing , and no risk to the internal circuitry , the tough aluminum bodies resisting the jostling clanks inside the sacks . And so we see that it is true that Apple really does design for the end-user , with small efficiencies that all add up . Thanks to Apple , the scoundrels managed to load up their booty 23 Macbook Pros , 14 iPhones and nine iPod Touches in just 31 seconds . As Steve Jobs might say , "  Boom ! " Store employees should watch for anyone wanting to buy 23 main adapters in the next few days . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Thieves stole dozens of gadgets from an Apple store in Marlton , New Jersey The open design of the store made it easy to smash the plate glass window Burglars made off with 23 Macbook Pros , 14 iPhones and nine iPod Touches
Minneapolis , Minnesota  CNN  -- The Gulf Coast oil disaster . A massive hurricane . The collapse of a highway overpass during rush hour . A terrorist attack . All of these calamities have happened in the United States in recent years . And today , graduate students at the University of Minnesota are analyzing these disasters to learn how they can prepare for the next one -- or help prevent it . They are all working toward a master of science in security technology . It 's sort of like a degree in all things Homeland Security . The new graduate program , which began last month , has attracted students from a variety of backgrounds . Students attending the inaugural class include a U.S. Marine , a government IT guy , even a U.S. postal worker . They are studying high profile catastrophes from natural disasters like hurricanes and pandemic diseases to critical infrastructure failures and biological or explosive terrorist attacks . They also examine collapses in the banking industry , the postal service , electric power grids and food supply chains . The program is taught by Massoud Amin , a leading security expert and the director of the university 's Technological Leadership Institute . After the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , Amin was tasked with assessing the security risk to the nation 's electrical power grid . He and his team reported their findings to the U.S. government . Amin said his passion for improving people 's lives through technology began as a young boy in Iran . "  I went with my dad to villages to practice medicine ... where women would die in childbirth , " Amin said . "  And I would see that as soon as they got electricity , their lives would improve . "  Because of this experience , I kind of knew at that young age ... I wanted to use physics to improve the lives of others . " Three years ago , he got a close-up view of how physics can impact people 's lives . Sitting in his office , he watched as the I-35 west bridge that crosses the Mississippi River in Minneapolis collapsed just a few yards away , killing 13 people . Amin said that tragedy helped spark the idea for the master 's program . "  All these large scale critical systems that we take for granted ... how do we prevent systemic failure in them , " he said . "  If a disturbance occurs in one place , how do we identify precursors to disturbances before -LSB- disaster -RSB- happens ? " The biggest challenge his students face is coming up with a solution to preventing disasters without hindering civil liberties and privacy , Amin said . A large number of the students enrolled in the program are working professionals from industries where security and risk assessment play an important role . Nathan Hunstad , an information technology analyst for Minnesota 's Democratic caucus , said security plays a "  pretty big part " of his job . "  What we do here is political , so there 's obviously a lot of need for secrecy and privacy , " Hunstad said . "  We 're very cognizant of security issues . " Hunstad said he has been looking for a way to combine his interest in cryptology and code-breaking with his passion for public policy . "  Working for the Department of Homeland Security or continuing to work for the legislature in terms of setting broad security policies for the state or country ... that would probably be my dream job , " he said . Student Bill Hagestad already has first-hand experience with securing critical infrastructure from terrorist attacks . "  During the initial invasion of Iraq , part of my job was to go around and evaluate locations throughout the central command area of operations , look at facilities and make sure they were not vulnerable to attack by terrorists , " he said . After earning his graduate degree , the Marine Corps reserve officer hopes to one day become the chief technology officer of a computer networking company , focusing on cyber threats . That may not sound like a job that could prevent the next terrorist attack . But Amin says learning about past disasters can help anyone in any position be better prepared for the next one : "  At the risk of being grandiose , we can help save the world . " CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report	University of Minnesota offers master 's program in security technology Program teaches students how to prepare for natural disasters and terrorist attacks Many students are professionals , including military and government workers Program is the brainchild of Massoud Amin , an Iranian-born security expert
New York  CNN  -- Social media lit up Wednesday with reactions to Vice President Joe Biden 's off-the-cuff remarks about fending off a would-be home intruder . But unlike most debates about gun control , on which Biden is leading a White House task force , the online commentary largely centered on the advice he apparently once gave his wife . "  I said , Jill , if there 's ever a problem just walk out on the balcony here ... put that double-barreled shotgun and fire two blasts outside the house , " Biden said during an online question-and-answer session Tuesday . His comments were likely intended to underscore the position that shotguns were sufficient for self-defense , rather than high-capacity or semi-automatic weapons like the AR-15 . But they also unleashed a torrent of online reaction after conjuring up the image of Jill Biden hypothetically firing off rounds outside the vice president 's home in Delaware . "  So when the cops come to arrest me for shooting off the porch , I can tell 'em Joe said it 's ok , " wrote one online user . "  The scariest part about his whole statement is that he is encouraging people to blindly fire off rounds at unknown noises and in unknown directions , " said another . NRA ramps up campaign against proposed gun control measures The Obama administration has called on Congress to reinstate an assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , to restrict ammunition magazines to no more than 10 rounds , and to expand background checks to anyone buying a gun . But the White House has met stiff opposition from congressional Republicans and the National Rifle Association , a powerful lobby group that opposes new regulations governing firearms . "  You do n't need an AR-15 , " said Biden in the online forum . "  It 's harder to aim . It 's harder to use . And , in fact , you do n't need 30 rounds to protect yourself . Buy a shotgun . " Online commentary was mixed in response . "  An AR-15  is  easier to shoot than a shotgun , there 's less recoil in a .223 than a 12 gauge , " wrote one online user . "  A shotgun is not for everybody . Even in smaller  gauges  , the recoil is too much for many people , and buckshot is n't nearly as precise as a rifle shot , " wrote another . Obama : Overcoming violence hard , but can be done Others hailed the benefits of a shotgun because "  it does n't need to be aimed precisely " and that "  one or two shots should do the trick . " "  It 's safer than pistols re : accidents at home , especially involving children , " wrote one user . "  Unfortunately , there are too many GUN NUTS out there w/vivid imaginations ... who lie awake at night thinking up imaginary dangers . " In the online chat , Biden said he does not favor constitutional amendments to adjust the Second Amendment , which is cited by both proponents of and those opposed to new gun regulations . But , he said , the Constitution "  does allow the government to conclude that there are certain types of weapons that no one can legally own . " The limits are imposed for "  public safety , " Biden said . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Wednesday the nation needs to take sensible , common sense action to try to reduce "  the scourge of gun violence in this country . " He declined to further comment on Biden 's remarks , though he added that the vice president is a law-abiding gun owner who has both a 12-gauge and 20-gauge shotgun locked up in a safe in his Delaware home . The Obama administration has been pressing for gun reforms since the December massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , where an AR-15-wielding gunman killed six adults and 20 children between the ages of 6 and 7 . Gun violence plans : What 's in the works	Biden 's comments were meant to underscore the position that shotguns were sufficient for defense "  So when the cops come to arrest me for shooting off the porch , I can tell 'em Joe said it 's ok , " wrote one online user The Obama administration has been pressing for gun reforms since the massacre in Newtown
CNN  Marvel is going back to war . The massively popular superhero entertainment factory has the third "  Captain America " movie on the way , "  Civil War , " which will include Iron Man and quite possibly , the new Spider-Man . It 's based on a story arc from almost a decade ago , which tackled issues of freedom versus security , with the two heroes going toe to toe against one another . This summer , Marvel plans to revisit that storyline as part of the much larger return of "  Secret Wars , " its biggest crossover event of the 1980s . The effects of this will be huge to the comics , ending 33 of the company 's titles . CNN spoke to writer Charles Soule , who has gained acclaim for his work on "  Superman/Wonder Woman , " "  Swamp Thing , " The Death of Wolverine , " "  She-Hulk " and more . He gave us the scoop on the return of "  Civil War , " one year before it hits the big screen . CNN : What can fans expect from your "  Civil War " storyline ? Soule : "  Secret Wars " is an opportunity to revisit some of the great Marvel stories of the past . One of those is "  Civil War , " and I got the call to work on that . "  Civil War " happened in 2006 and 2007 , and in that story Captain America and Iron Man went after each other based on an ideological difference on superheroes in the world . What I 'm doing is taking that story in a different direction . CNN : Will this be a way for those who are interested in the upcoming movie to dive into that story ? Soule : Absolutely . If you look at the ideas that that story had , Iron Man thought superheroes should have to register with the government , and become something of a police force . Captain America thought that that was restricting the central freedoms of this country . It was a debate of security versus freedom . We 're taking that basic idea and expanding it to a larger canvas . The Registration Act is all in the past at this point . It 's more of a world drastically changed based on a superhero war , and it 's a huge story and it 's fun to be able to involve every Marvel character there is . CNN : Is this one of the biggest stories you 've worked on ? Soule : I 've been on big books but this one feels huge . It affects every character in one way or another , and it deals with some central issues to the modern world . That 's not always something you get to do in a Marvel story . CNN : So this will have many twists and turns away from the original story ? Soule : The idea is to take some of the events in the original storyline and spin them off into entirely new stories . Without spoiling , this deals with a world that has been ravaged for quite some time when we pick up the story . I felt the original "  Civil War " explored those questions very well . If I was going to play in this sandbox , I wanted to ask my own questions .	This summer , the popular 1980s "  Secret War " comic book storyline will return Story will affect every Marvel comic , ending 33 titles 2000s "  Civil War " story will also be revisiting , pitting characters against each other
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- After months of jury selection and delays caused by the defendant 's alleged suicide attempt , the triple murder case against Steven Hayes , one of two accused in the killing of a Connecticut physician 's family , is set to begin Monday . Hayes , 47 , and his co-defendant , Joshua Komisarjevsky , 30 , are charged with capital murder , kidnapping , sexual assault , burglary , and arson in an alleged crime spree that resulted in the deaths of a doctor 's wife and two daughters . The two paroled felons are accused of breaking into the doctor 's home in the early morning hours of July 23 , 2007 , and terrorizing the family for hours before setting fire to the house . "  The case against Hayes appears strong . The real battle should be in the penalty phase , " said Christopher Morano , who was part of the team that prosecuted Kennedy cousin Michael Skakel , and is now a Connecticut-based defense attorney . "  I expect the prosecution will present their evidence methodically , they 'll work to protect their case from any appellate errors and ignore the media and the behind-the-scenes political battle over the death penalty . " Lawyers involved in the case are barred from talking to the media by a court-imposed gag order , so trial strategy and details of the crime have been kept under tight wraps . However those details could be made public during opening statements , as lawyers on both sides have moved to make them . While openings are routine in most states and typically serve as a road map to the evidence , they are not the norm in Connecticut , Morano said . "  Opening statements are usually up to the discretion of the judge , " he said . Connecticut prosecutors usually start their cases with a witness who will set the scene . In this case that could be Dr. William Petit , the only survivor of the home invasion . Petit was beaten and bound during the attack . According to local newspaper accounts , he has been a vocal advocate for the death penalty in his quest for justice . His comments at one point drew protests from Hayes ' attorney , Thomas Ullmann , who complained to the court that Petit was trying to influence potential jurors . For legal reasons , Komisarjevsky will be tried separately . He and Hayes could face lethal injection if they are convicted of capital murder in the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her two daughters . Hayes also is accused of raping and strangling Hawke-Petit and prosecutors have charged Komisarjevsky with sexually assaulting Petit 's 11-year-old daughter . Momentum to repeal Connecticut 's death penalty hit a snag last year when the state 's Republican governor , M. Jodi Rell , vetoed an abolition bill passed by the State 's House and Senate . Twelve jurors and seven alternates have been selected to hear the case against Hayes , which is expected to take up to three months .	Steven Hayes is one of two accused of killing a woman and her two daughters The woman 's husband , who was beaten but survived , wants the death penalty The attorneys have asked to make opening statements , which are not automatic in the state
The Frisky  -- Despite the tough economic times , you ca n't just expect to stop lusting after those Frye riding boots you 've had your eye on forever , or that your longtime trusted hair stylist is going to suddenly start cutting her prices . From hobbies to bake sales to your own Web site , there are ways to make extra money in your spare time . The fact is no matter how frugally you learn to live , there are still going to be some things you 'll want to splurge on , and that 's okay . I mean , this is a recession , after all , not a potato famine . You do n't have to give up all your luxuries or switch to low-cost everything ; you just have to get savvier about making extra money for those treats you enjoy . But I 'm not talking about getting a second job or really working that much harder ; a true recessionista knows how to make extra cash for little luxuries while leaving plenty of free time to enjoy them , too . After the jump , seven ways to make more money without taking a second job ... 1 . Become a focus group participant : An old co-worker turned me on to focus groups about 8 years ago and after I made 75 bucks giving my opinion on a series of coffee ads , I immediately went home , opened the phone book  remember those ?  , and called dozens of market research companies to get my name added to their databases for future groups . Over the years I 've made thousands of dollars telling people what I think about ads , product concepts , packaging , services , and the taste of food and beverages . Once , I even made $ 200 tasting vodka for an hour . Talk about easy money ! Check the "  Etc. " section of Craigslist for current focus groups in your area , or do an online search for market research recruiting companies and then can call and have your name added to their databases . 2 . Use your blog : If you have a blog -- and who does n't these days ? -- you 're sitting on valuable real estate . Depending on the size of your readership , you could make anywhere from enough money to buy a magazine and a latte to enough to support your entire family  á la Dooce  . There are lots of different ways to make money on a blog , from virtual tip jars to product reviews , but the most popular is through running ads . In the past , I 've recruited sponsors directly for a niche blog I used to write , but I currently use an advertising program on my personal blog that basically takes care of everything so all I have to do is post regularly and collect my check at the end of the month . Free money for writing about my cats and boyfriend and favorite TV shows ! What could be easier ? There are a host of ad programs open to anyone , so do your research to find one that 's right for you . 3 . Sell the stuff you no longer want : When I moved to New York from Chicago a year ago to be with my long-distance boyfriend , I used the opportunity to unload all the crap I no longer wanted or needed . I sold furniture , home goods , clothes , accessories , and my car  no need for one in Manhattan !  . In addition to hosting a yard sale where I made about 200 bucks for candles , pots and pans and old Halloween costumes , I used the hell out of Craigslist and eBay , both before my move and after I arrived when I realized I still needed to unload quite a bit to fit into my boyfriend 's one-bedroom apartment . I honestly do n't miss anything I got rid of  and ca n't remember what most of it even was  , and the money from the sales paid a big chunk of my moving costs . Now that I 'm settled in , I like to go through my belongings each season , selling a few items and making room and money for new stuff , like dresses and cute shoes . 4 . Make money from your hobbies : From hawking your crafts on Etsy , and selling produce from your garden , to playing piano once a week at a local restaurant , or reading tarot cards at a party , there are innumerable ways to make cash doing the activities you love . The key here is to convince yourself you have a product or skill someone else wants and then search out those people or companies who can pay you for them . 5 . Host a bake sale : Remember when we were kids and our parents used to make cookies and brownies and stuff for school bake sales to raise money for a new flagpole or air conditioning in the gym ? Well , why not do the same thing now that we 're grown-ups and need to raise money for our vacations to Barcelona ? I say get a few friends together , bake up a storm , and then sell your goods at a local market , a festival , or even online at a place like Etsy . If you love baking , this is another great way to make money from a hobby ... without inhaling all the extra calories eating the goods yourself ! 6 . Shop and sell : What recessionista does n't like shopping , right ? So instead of giving it up or cutting back , start making money off your great eye and awesome buying skills . Whether you live in an area with fantastic sample sales , or a town with the best thrift and antique stores , chances are you 're able to score stuff your recessionista sisters in other parts of the country ca n't . So make your next shopping spree a moneymaking one and sell your finds for a profit on eBay , or open a vintage shop on Etsy  can you tell I 'm a fan of the site ?  . 7 . Pet sit : If you know people with pets , volunteer to watch them -- for a small fee , of course -- the next time they leave town for a few days . Sure , they could kennel them or hire a professional , but most people feel better when they leave their beloved pets  not to mention their house keys  in the hands of someone they know and trust . And , hey , if they have cable and throw in a bottle of wine for your trouble , you 'll score a bit of a vacation yourself ... and make money for a pedicure , to boot . TM & © 2008 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	You do n't have to get a second job to make extra money in spare time Sell the stuff in your home that you no longer use -- try eBay or Craigslist Sign up to be a focus group participant or become a dog sitter Set up your own blog and use an advertising service
CNN  -- Donations to the fundraising page of a young woman who died less than one mile  1.6 km  from the London Marathon finishing line , are heading towards the $ 1 million mark . As news of Claire Squires ' death spread across social media sites , so too did the link to her Just Giving fundraising page , sparking a flurry of donations reaching more than # 400,000  $ 650,000  and rising fast by Tuesday afternoon . The hairdresser , from North Kilworth in Leicestershire , died near St James 's Park on the final stretch of the 26.2 mile  42km  course on Sunday . The 30-year-old , who had climbed Mount Kilimanjaro just last month , collapsed as she ran up Birdcage Walk -- the final stretch covered by competitors before reaching Buckingham Palace and turning on to The Mall . Paramedics were unable to revive her and she died at the scene . The cause of death is not yet known . News of the tragedy quickly spread on Twitter and Facebook , helping prompt a flood of donations to her chosen charity , the Samaritans . The donations , which initially stood at # 500  $ 800  , surged throughout Monday and Tuesday as publicity spread through social and conventional media sources . Almost 40,000 donations have been made on Squires ' fundraising page , with many people including heartfelt messages of sympathy to the tragic woman 's family . She had chosen to run for the Samaritans after her mother Cilla volunteered with the charity for 24 years . She had posted on her fundraising page : "  hi guys as you all know i am running the london marathon it was just going to be for fun . but its a fab opportunity to raise money for my charity the samaritans if everyone i know could donate # 5.00  $ 8  that would be a great help and change lives . " Catherine Johnstone , chief executive of the Samaritans , said the charity had been overwhelmed by the response . "  We desperately wish that it was not under these circumstances but we have been overwhelmed by the response from people donating in Claire 's memory , " she said . "  These donations will be put into a tribute fund and , following discussions with the family , will go towards projects they feel would have been important to Claire . " Devastated friends described Squires as a keen charity fundraiser who last month climbed Mount Kilimanjaro for the Royal Air Force Association "  Claire was larger than life , fun-loving , bubbly , happy , cheerful , kind , giving , thoughtful . She was just the most amazing person in the world - the best friend I have ever had , " friend Victoria Hauser told 5 News . "  She was a giver , all the time . It 's been never-ending . She 's done the Great North Run , she 's done a climb on Kilimanjaro , she 's done a marathon previously for the Children 's Society . " Around 37,500 runners took part in the marathon and Squires ' death is the 10th since the race began in 1981 . She is the only woman to have died in the marathon . The most recent death was that of David Rogers , a 22-year-old fitness instructor , in 2007 .	Social media boosts donations to tragic London Marathon runner 's website Claire Squires , a 30-year-old hairdresser , died after collapsing one mile from the finish Pledges to her chosen charity the Samaritans , initially $ 800 , soar as news spreads Squires had recently climbed Mount Kilimanjaro for charity
CNN  -- If anyone could lure "  Mork & Mindy " star Pam Dawber back to TV , it 's Robin Williams . The 62-year-old Williams is set to reunite with his former co-star on his CBS comedy , "  The Crazy Ones . " According to the network , Dawber will guest star in an upcoming episode this season . On Instagram , Williams shared the happy news with a photo from their former show : Williams and Dawber , also 62 , portrayed an out-of-this-world odd couple on "  Mork & Mindy " from 1978 to 1982 . Williams was Mork , the alien curious about life on Earth , and Dawber was Mindy , the human woman he eventually would marry . It 's been a while since we 've seen Dawber on TV -- her last credited acting role was in 2000 -- and even longer since we 've seen her and Williams together again . In "  The Crazy Ones " episode , Dawber will portray an author who goes on a date with Williams ' character after his belief in love falters . "  It will be a joy to work with her again , " Williams told CBS . "  It 's a dream come true . "	Former "  Mork & Mindy " co-stars Pam Dawber and Robin Williams will reunite Dawber will join Williams on his CBS comedy , "  The Crazy Ones " She 's expected to appear in an episode this season It 's been more than 30 years since "  Mork & Mindy " ended
CNN  -- Manchester United have overtaken rivals Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table after a double from Wayne Rooney saw the champions defeat West Bromwich 2-0 on Sunday . Rooney 's brace gives the defending champions a one point lead over rivals Manchester City , as Roberto Mancini 's side surrendered top spot following a 1-0 defeat at Swansea . Both sides were playing on Sunday following disappointing Europa League defeats on Thursday at the hands of Athletic Bilbao and Sporting Lisbon respectively . United were outplayed in their 3-2 home defeat by Bilbao , but they put that performance behind them to brush aside a 10-man West Bromwich side in comfortable fashion . England striker Rooney made the breakthrough 10 minutes from half-time , diverting Javier Hernandez 's cross past former United goalkeeper Ben Foster for his 23rd goal of the season . And United 's stranglehold on the game became even stronger midway through the second half when the visitors had Swedish defender Jonas Olsson sent off for a second bookable offense . United made the three points safe in the 71st minute when Rooney scored from the penalty spot after Ashley Young had been brought down by Keith Andrews . Meanwhile , City , who lost 1-0 in Portugal three days previously , were always struggling against a Swansea side that are difficult to beat at home . And the hosts should have taken a sixth minute lead when they were awarded a penalty after Wayne Routledge was fouled by goalkeeper Joe Hart . However , Hart atoned for his error by diving to his right to keep out Scott Sinclair 's weak spot-kick . But City 's expensively-assembled side struggled throughout the 90 minutes and it was no surprise when they finally fell behind with seven minutes remaining . A mistake from defender Stefan Savic saw Routledge collect the ball , and he crossed for unmarked substitute Luke Moore to head home the winner . Those results see United overtake their neighbors to lead the table on 67 points , one ahead of City , with Tottenham a distant third another 13 points adrift . Meanwhile , Wigan Athletic remain bottom of the table despite recovering to earn a 1-1 draw at Norwich in Sunday 's other match . Victor Moses netted a second half equalizer for the visitors and , although Wigan are still propping up the rest of the division , there are just four points between the bottom five teams .	Manchester United defeat West Bromwich 2-0 to go top of the English Premier League Wayne Rooney scores both goals as United lead rivals Manchester City by a point Previous leaders City surrender top spot after a 1-0 reverse at Swansea City Luke Moore 's late header saw City lose again after their midweek defeat in Lisbon
CNN  -- Former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards was released from federal prison Thursday after serving about 10 years , the federal Bureau of Prisons said . Edwards was convicted of racketeering , conspiracy and extortion after prosecutors said he asked for payoffs from people who applied for riverboat casino licenses in New Orleans in the 1990s . Edwards , 83 , had pursued a pardon from President George W. Bush , but never got one . He began serving his sentence in February 2001 . He was released from prison to a halfway house , said Edmond Ross , spokesman for the Bureau of Prisons . At Edwards ' trial in 2000 , star witness Edward J. DeBartolo Jr. , former owner of the San Francisco 49ers , got a reduced sentence in exchange for testifying about his own $ 400,000 bribe to Edwards . He said he had felt compelled to make the payment . DeBartolo ended up not going through with the project after the scandal broke . Allegations of corruption dogged Edwards throughout much of his political career , but he always maintained that he 'd never lose an election , and famously joked that he 'd keep his office unless he was caught "  in bed with a dead girl or a live boy . " Frequently during his trial -- for allegedly extorting almost $ 3 million from casino applicants -- he held his own court on the courthouse steps . "  Today , I took care of some housekeeping and had my car fixed and went and cashed a check before they freeze my accounts , " he told reporters at one point . Edwards served several terms in office -- from 1972 to 1980 , 1984 to 1988 and 1992 to 1996 . The Democrat , U.S. Navy aviation cadet and lawyer began his career as a city councilman and state representative before being elected to Congress , and then governor . He won his first gubernatorial term "  by an unprecedented combination of ` Cajun ' and black votes , " according to his biography on the Louisiana Secretary of State 's website . "  Edwards named blacks to key state positions and his support of black politicians resulted in a mutually beneficial relationship , " the biography says . His third term "  was marked by federal indictments , but not convictions , for mail fraud , obstruction of justice and public bribery , " the biography adds . The bio does not refer to Edwards ' conviction later on . The U.S. District Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana , on its website , describes Edwards as "  leader of the corrupt enterprise whose objectives included the illegal and corrupt manipulation of the riverboat gaming licensing process during and after his four terms as governor . " "  Also convicted were Edwin 's son , Stephen Edwards and his close associates Andrew Martin , Cecil Brown , and Bobby Johnson , " the office says . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The former governor was convicted of extortion in casino industry Edwards had pursued a pardon from President Bush A former NFL team owner testified about a bribe during Edwards ' trial Edwards said he 'd keep his office unless he was caught with a "  dead girl or a live boy "
CNN  -- My decision to join the Reserve Officer Training Corps  ROTC  in college was not part of my life plan . I simply needed some science credits , and military science met the "  science " requirement for liberal arts majors . It also looked a lot like gym class , which I was quite confident I could do without too much trouble . I am very glad that I was wrong about the whole thing ! ROTC is about presenting you with challenges and testing you -- physically , mentally and emotionally . I jumped out of perfectly good airplanes , rappelled , solved problems and met some amazing people the 32 years I have served my country . I would not trade one minute of it ! Yes , along the way , I encountered people who made snap judgments about me because I was shorter than them , a woman or an African-American . They decided I did not measure up , but I chose to ignore them and believe in myself . My family is full of people who are intelligent , resourceful , strong and stubborn -- traits I inherited and I am certain are the reason I have been able to succeed in life and to overcome people who put obstacles in my path . One of the most affirming moments in my life was the day I was promoted to brigadier general . The look of pride in my father 's eyes is something I will never forget . If my mother had been alive , I know she would have had the same look . My father served in the Army Air Corps in the 1950s when he was denied the opportunities I have enjoyed . Men and women like him -- my mother , aunts , uncles , grandparents and great-grandparents -- suffered disappointments and indignities so that I could have choices and opportunities . So , this is NOT about me . It is about realizing their dreams . It is about opening doors for others . It is about living fearlessly every day . Next week in CNN 's Red Chair : Cynthia Bailey of Bravo 's "  Real Housewives of Atlanta . "	Brig. Gen. Marcia Anderson is the highest-ranking African-American female in the Army Reserve Anderson says going into the military was not part of her life plan Her father also served in the Army in the 1950s Anderson believes her success is about ` realizing your dreams '
The number of service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30 % in the past two years , according to a Pentagon report released Tuesday . The Defense Department estimated that more than 26,000 troops experienced an episode of "  unwanted sexual contact , " a huge jump from the 19,300 figure in the 2010 report . "  Sexual assault is a despicable crime and one of the most serious challenges facing this department , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters at a briefing on the survey . "  It 's a threat to the safety and the welfare of our people and to the health , reputation and trust of this institution . " The actual number of sexual crimes reported in the fiscal year 2012 was 3,374 , a 6 % increase over the previous year , the report said . Military officials worry that many victims do n't come forward because they are frightened of retaliation . But the numbers might indicate that more victims are willing to report crimes than in the past . After officer charged in sex assault , military faces questions Hagel said victims need to be made confident they can rely on the military 's justice system and that commanders will be held responsible . On Tuesday , lawmakers reiterated that it 's crucial that service members feel they can come forward when they 've been violated . The Defense Department has stepped up efforts to hold perpetrators accountable , establishing a special victims unit to handle cases , working to improve tracking of reports and speeding transfers for troops who report a sexual assault by a member of their unit . But President Obama stressed that there must be a harder push in the military to reduce sexual assaults involving service members . "  I do n't want just more speeches or awareness programs or training but ... if we find out somebody is engaging in this stuff , they are going to be held accountable , " Obama said . "  Prosecuted , stripped of their positions , court-martialed , fired , dishonorably discharged . Period . It is not acceptable . " Maj. Gen. Gary Patton , the head of the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office for the military , said that while the prevalence rate was "  unacceptably high , " the report did indicate one positive trend . The percentage of people who initially filed restricted reports  That remain confidential  but changed to unrestricted had risen . After sex assault case , Hagel seeks changes to military legal process "  We see that as a sign of victim confidence , willingness to ... take their case into the law enforcement realm , " he said . The Defense Department data from 2010 to 2012 found that the prevalence of unwanted sexual contact increased for active duty women and remained unchanged for active duty men , and men and women in the reserves . Meanwhile on Tuesday , top Air Force officials faced questions at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing about an Air Force officer accused of sexual assault . Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski , 41 , served as a branch chief for the service 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program . He was arrested and charged with sexual battery over the weekend and had been removed from current duty , an Air Force official said Monday . The official declined to be named because it is an ongoing law enforcement matter . Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri asked Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Welsh and Air Force Secretary Michael Donley what qualified Krusinski for the job in the sex assault prevention program . Krusinski is a personnel officer by training and has spent the last two-and-a-half years working on Air Force staff in policy , Welsh replied . "  He was a force support squadron commander before coming to the Pentagon . " Force support squadron addresses issues such as sexual assault coordination councils in active Air Force units , Welsh said . "  He 's been around the business his entire career as a personnel officer . " Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York had strong words . "  If the man in charge for the Air Force in preventing sexual assault is being alleged to have committed a sexual assault this weekend obviously there 's a failing in training and understanding of what sexual assault is and how corrosive and damaging it is to good order and discipline and how it is undermining the credibility of the greatest military force in the world , " she said . "  This is not good enough . " McCaskill pressed Donley and Welsh . "  Did you look at his file for any kind of problems related -- I mean , clearly , the accusation is that he was drunk and sexually attacked a complete stranger in a parking lot , " McCaskill said . "  It is hard for me to believe that someone would be accused of that behavior by a complete stranger and not have anything in their file that would indicate a problem in that regard . "  Have you looked at his file and determined that his file was absolutely pristine ? " the senator asked . Military rape victims : Stop blaming us "  Senator , I looked at his officer record of performance which is all I could access last night . I talked to his current supervisor , " Welsh said . "  I have n't talked to people who knew him or supervised him in the past . There is no indication in his professional record of performance or his current work place that there 's any type of a problem like this . " Earlier Tuesday , Welsh said sexual assault response efforts are critically important to the Air Force and the branch "  would not quit working this problem . " In March , members of the military who were sexually assaulted gave dramatic and anguished testimony to congressional lawmakers . A former Army specialist described being raped in two different instances while she was in the service and how she felt that the military 's chain of command was failing at consistently prosecuting and convicting offenders . At that hearing , high-ranking members of each branch assured lawmakers that they were working hard to end sexual assault in the armed forces . Lt. Gen. Richard C. Harding , an Air Force judge advocate general , told lawmakers that the branch started a program in January that provides airmen who report being victimized with an attorney to represent them . The attorneys operate independently of the prosecution 's chain of command , he said . Read the entire testimony from March	Study sought to survey 108,000 troops , only 24 % responded Defense department extrapolated figures from results Hagel : "  One of most serious challenges " for the armed services Air Force officials face tough questions from senators
Days before he became the first person diagnosed with Ebola on American soil , Thomas Eric Duncan answered "  no " to questions about whether he had cared for a patient with the deadly virus . Before leaving Liberia , Duncan also answered no to a question about whether he had touched the body of someone who died in an area affected by the disease , said Binyah Kesselly , board chairman of the Liberia Airport Authority . Witnesses say Duncan had been helping Ebola patients in Liberia . Liberian community leader Tugbeh Chieh Tugbeh said Duncan was caring for an Ebola-infected patient at a residence in Paynesville City , just outside Monrovia . Earlier Thursday , Kesselly told CNN that the authority "  will seek to prosecute " if Duncan lied on his health screening questionnaire before leaving West Africa . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf told Canadian public broadcaster CBC on Thursday that she would consult with lawyers to decide what to do with Duncan when he returns home . "  The fact that he knew  he was exposed to the virus  and he left the country is unpardonable , quite frankly , " Johnson Sirleaf told CBC . "  I just hope that nobody else gets infected . " "  With the U.S. doing so much to help us fight Ebola , and again one of our compatriots did n't take due care , and so , he 's gone there and ... put some Americans in a state of fear , and put them at some risk , and so I feel very saddened by that and very angry with him , to tell you the truth . " Duncan 's family said he had n't mentioned any exposure to Ebola in Liberia . His girlfriend says he told her he had n't been in contact with anyone with Ebola . Wilfred Smallwood , Duncan 's half-brother , said Thursday that he does n't believe Duncan knew he had Ebola when he left Liberia for the United States . But he said it is n't out of the ordinary to come to the assistance of suffering people . Asked about whether Duncan had contact with Ebola patients , he said , "  it 's  what we do in Liberia -- our tradition is to help somebody who needs help . " Ebola reaches U.S. : A tragedy of errors Complete coverage on Ebola Screened several times before leaving Liberia The health questionnaire typically contains questions about the passenger 's recent contact with Ebola patients . Passengers also are asked whether they 've experienced any symptoms consistent with Ebola , such as vomiting , diarrhea or joint pain , in the past couple of days . Duncan was screened three times before he boarded his flight in Liberia to Brussels , Kesselly said . "  The first screening was at the gate , before you get to the parking lot . The second time is before you enter the terminal building and the third is before you board the flight . At every point your temperature is scanned . " His temperature at those checkpoints was a consistent 97.3 degrees Fahrenheit , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention chief Thomas Frieden told reporters Thursday . "  Basically , he did n't have a fever , " Frieden said , noting that the Ebola patient 's temperature was taken by a trained CDC health care worker with a thermometer approved by the Food and Drug Administration . Kesselly said airport authority would seek to prosecute Duncan "  if it is determined that he made a false declaration during the health screening questionnaire . " "  We can not make the  Ebola  risk zero until the outbreak is controlled in West Africa , " said Frieden . He went on to say that isolating West African countries completely through travel restrictions would make it more difficult to assist in controlling the outbreak , and would eventually put the United States at greater risk . Family quarantined Duncan is in serious condition at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . So far , no one who had contact with Duncan has shown any indication of having contracted Ebola , Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins told reporters Thursday . Smallwood said that when Duncan first visited Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital , neither Duncan nor the hospital knew then that he had Ebola . This was Duncan 's first time in the United States , Smallwood said . The Liberian national was visiting his son and his son 's mother in Dallas , Smallwood said . The partner of Duncan has been quarantined in her Dallas apartment where Duncan became sick with the virus , the woman told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The woman , who asked to be identified only by her first name , Louise , is quarantined with one of her children who is younger than 13 and two nephews in their 20s . The four of them were in the apartment when Duncan became ill , Cooper said . Louise and her family are in isolation with sheets and towels used by the Ebola-stricken Duncan , Cooper said . Louise did use bleach to clean her apartment , "  but it 's not clear to me how systematic the cleaning was , " he said . Authorities are working to find "  more suitable living arrangements " for the family , Jenkins said . Up to 100 people being contacted Health officials are reaching out to as many as 100 people who may have had contact with Duncan , a spokeswoman with the Texas Department of State Health Services said Thursday . These are people who are still being questioned because they may have crossed paths with the patient either at the hospital , at his apartment complex or in the community . "  Out of an abundance of caution , we 're starting with this very wide net , including people who have had even brief encounters with the patient or the patient 's home , " spokeswoman Carrie Williams said . "  The number will drop as we focus in on those whose contact may represent a potential risk of infection . " The number of direct contacts who have been identified and are being monitored right now is "  more than 12 , " a federal official told CNN on Thursday . "  By the end of the day , we should have a pretty good idea of how many contacts there are , " the official said . Being "  monitored " means a public health worker visits twice a day to take the contact 's temperature and ask them if they are experiencing any symptoms . None of the people being monitored has so far shown symptoms . Most are not being quarantined , though Dallas County health officials have ordered four close relatives of the patient to stay home and not have any visitors until at least October 19 . "  The family was having some challenges following the directions to stay home , so we 're taking every precaution , " Texas Department of Health spokeswoman Carrie Williams said about why the state had issued a legal order . Two things are still spreading in Dallas : fear and frustration . Some parents are scared to take their kids to the schools that his girlfriend 's children attended . Attendance at those schools Thursday was down to about 86 % on Thursday , said Mike Miles , superintendent of the Dallas Independent School District . Custodians are stepping up cleanup work at the schools , he said . "  We do n't think there 's any virus at any of those buildings , but we 'll take that off the table , so we 're doing extra cleaning and disinfecting , " Miles said . Others are upset at the hospital where Duncan first sought care , which sent him home and raised the possibility he could infect others for at least two additional days . U.S. President Barack Obama contacted Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings on Thursday to make sure Dallas was getting the federal resources it needs "  to treat the patient safely , and control this case so that it does not spread widely , " the White House said . Your Ebola questions answered Should Americans worry about getting Ebola ? How Ebola spreads Hospital : ` Flaw ' in electronic records hid travel history On September 24 , four days after he arrived in Dallas from Liberia , Duncan started feeling symptoms . That day is significant because that 's when he started being contagious . Late the following night , he went to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas with a low-grade fever and abdominal pain , the hospital said . Duncan told a nurse he had been in Africa . But "  regretfully , that information was not fully communicated throughout the full team , " said Dr. Mark Lester , executive vice president of Texas Health Resources . Duncan was sent home with painkillers and antibiotics , only to return in worse condition on September 28 . That 's when he was isolated . "  It was a mistake . They dropped the ball , " Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said of the miscommunication at the hospital . "  You do n't want to pile on them , but hopefully this will never happen again . ... The CDC has been vigorously emphasizing the need for a travel history . " Why did n't doctors know Duncan had been to Liberia ? The hospital said Thursday night that a "  flaw " in its electronic health records prevented doctors from seeing Duncan 's travel history even though he shared it on his first visit to the hospital . Duncan told a nurse he 'd been in Africa , but that information was entered into a document that is n't automatically visible to physicians , Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas said in a statement Thursday . After discovering this , the hospital says it has changed the system so doctors and nurses will see travel history documentation . "  We feel that this change will improve the early identification of patients who may be at risk for communicable diseases , including Ebola , " the hospital said . The hospital released a detailed description of what it said was the chain of events when Duncan first came to the hospital on September 25 . "  In the interest of transparency , and because we want other U.S. hospitals and providers to learn from our experience , we are , with Mr. Duncan 's permission , releasing this information , " the hospital said . Nurses and doctors at the hospital followed protocols , the hospital said . "  When Mr. Duncan was asked if he had been around anyone who had been ill , " the statement said , "  he said that he had not . "	"  Flaw " in electronic records hid Thomas Eric Duncan 's travel history , hospital says Thomas Eric Duncan denied contact with Ebola in Liberia , official says "  The fact that he knew and he left the country is unpardonable , " Liberia 's President says So far there 's no sign anyone else in Texas has contracted Ebola , officials say
CNN  -- A scathing resignation letter written by a former city clerk in Pleasant Hill , California , has gone viral after she wished the city "  best of luck in finding some schmuck " to fill her position . "  This has been an atrocious , incredibly depressing , and mind-numbingly inane experience I would not wish on anyone , " former clerk Kim Lehmkuhl wrote in her resignation letter . "  I wish the City the best of luck in finding some schmuck eager to transcribe every last misogynistic joke , self-indulgent anecdote , and pathetic pandering attempt by Council , and every tinfoil hat conspiracy theory , racist aside , and NIMBY asshattery from the lovely Council meeting frequent flyers , without which , surely our democracy could not flourish . June , also best of luck with your imminent unfunded pensions scandal , that is going to be a rough one . " The letter was addressed to Mayor Tim Flaherty and City Manager June Catalano . It became public after it was admitted into the record during a council meeting Monday . "  At least her resignation demonstrated her ability to craft a full sentence with colorful language , " Flaherty told CNN , adding that there was a recall effort under way to remove Lehmkuhl . "  Every councilmember had called for her resignation , " he said . "  We had to hire people to do her job . " CNN reached out to Lehmkuhl via Twitter and e-mail but did not receive a response . In a blog dedicated to her clerk campaign , Lehmkuhl wrote she "  would be honored to have the opportunity to serve our local community as your City Clerk . " She adds , "  I am committed to helping Pleasant Hill residents stay engaged in our community , and to keeping City Hall accountable , ethical and transparent . " Martin Nelis , the city 's public information officer , told CNN that residents had complained that Lehmkuhl would post offensive tweets during public meetings about what was being discussed . "  Residents criticized her for tweeting during meetings rather than taking notes or recording the proceedings of the meetings for the formal minutes process , " he said . The Twitter account Lehmkuhl used has since been disabled . "  We are not quite sure why she ran for office in the first place , what her expectations were once elected . We have never received a complete answer . Obviously what her expectation was is different of what the public and the council expected of her , " Nelis said . Flaherty said he considered sending the letter back to Lehmkuhl and asking her to rewrite it but instead settled for , "  Your decision is best for you and for the City of Pleasant Hill . "	Former city clerk of Pleasant Hill , California , quit with blistering resignation letter Kim Lehmkuhl said the job "  has been an atrocious , incredibly depressing ... experience " A recall effort to remove Lehmkuhl from the job was under way , mayor says
Life by DailyBurn  -- You just crushed a really hard workout . You upped the load of your training , or you stepped out of your routine and tried a new activity . You feel great -- until you wake up the next morning , barely able to move . Enter delayed onset muscle soreness , better known as DOMS . It 's an acronym that athletes and fitness buffs wear with pride . As its name suggests , "  DOMS is muscle soreness that becomes evident six-to-eight hours following activity , peaking around 24 to 48 hours post-training , " says Jon Mike , an exercise scientist at the University of New Mexico . While the symptoms will often start to diminish at about 72 hours , "  the precise time course and extent of DOMS is highly variable , " Mike says . DOMS is most pronounced when you introduce a new training stimulus -- a new activity , increased intensity or volume -- or if you are new to physical activity in general . "  Your body is making adaptations to better prepare your muscles to do that activity again , " says Lauren Haythe , certified Kinesis Myofascial Integration Practitioner and yoga teacher . That 's why on Day 1 at the gym , after doing squats or lunges with 10-15 pound weights , you can be brutally sore the next day . "  But , as you continue on , you can build up from there , and you wo n't be so sore , " she says . While all kinds of muscular contraction can cause soreness , eccentric contraction -- where the muscle lengthens as it contracts -- is most often associated with DOMS , according to Mike . This includes movements such as running downhill , lowering weights or lowering down into a squat or push-up position . "  There is also some evidence that upper body movement creates more soreness than lower body exercises , " says Mike . Muscle discomfort is the most common characteristic of DOMS , but there are other symptoms . According to the American College of Sports Medicine , these may include reduced range of motion and joint stiffness , local swelling and tenderness , and diminished muscle strength . These symptoms appear gradually following exercise  not to be confused with acute pain that may arise during physical activity  . No pain , no gain . Lactic acid build-up . An indicator of muscle growth . These are all phrases that we tend to associate with DOMS . While you may think you know everything you need to know about the condition that has you waddling like a duck , you may be surprised by what 's actually happening in your body . Myth # 1 : DOMS is caused by the build-up of lactic acid . The verdict : Not true . During exercise , your body needs energy , and it breaks down molecules to get that . As a result of this metabolic process , your cells naturally become more acidic which makes your muscles feel like they 're burning . But this is n't caused by lactate . Lactate is actually a by-product of the metabolic process and serves as a buffer and slows down the rate at which the cells become acidic . "  People produce lactate all the time , even at rest . It clears your system 30-minutes to one-hour after working out , " says Mike . A study in Clinics in Sports Medicine found that DOMS is the result of microtrauma in the muscles and surrounding connective tissues , which causes inflammation . The reason that eccentric muscle contraction  think lowering a dumbbell back down in a biceps curl  is more likely to be the culprit is because it places a higher load on your muscles compared to concentric contraction . "  It 's the active lengthening of muscle fibers under load . It 's like you 're pulling on a rope , and there 's so much force that the rope starts to tear and pull apart , " says Mike . Daily Burn : 5 exercise machines that are n't worth your time Myth # 2 : It 's not a good workout unless you get DOMS . We often wear our DOMS as a badge of honor and believe that if we 're not sore , we 're not doing enough during out workouts . But that 's just not true . "  It does n't mean that you 're not getting as good of a workout because you 're not crippled the next day , " says Monica Vazquez , NASM certified personal trainer . "  You should feel -LSB- soreness -RSB- 24 hours to three days after the activity . If , after three days , you try to do the same exercise and you can not because you go immediately to muscle failure , you 've done too much . " According to Mike , studies have shown that soreness itself  using a scale from 0 to 10 to assess the level of soreness  is poorly correlated as an indicator of muscle adaptation and growth . There are many factors that influence how DOMS presents itself in individuals . "  There is great variability , even between people with similar genetics and even among highly-trained lifters -LSB- and athletes -RSB- , " he says . So while comparing notes  and commiserating  is all part of the process , soreness and DOMS is n't the best gauge of how effective your workout was or who 's in better shape . Myth # 3 : The more fit you are , the less susceptible you are to DOMS . It 's true that you will start to feel less sore as your body adapts to your workouts and learns to distribute the workload across your muscle fibers more effectively . That 's why you should regularly change up your exercise routine . However , there is also a genetic component to how sensitive we are to pain and soreness . "  People can be no-responders , low-responders or high-responders to soreness , " says Mike . If you 're a high-responder , you will experience DOMS more acutely than someone who is a no - or low-responder when given the same training load . While you ca n't change your genes , it is important to know where you fall on the spectrum to understand how your body may respond to changes in your workouts . Daily Burn : How to do a pull-up  or add more reps Myth # 4 : Muscle damage is a bad thing . Yes , DOMS appears to be caused by trauma to your muscle fibers , but it 's not a definitive measure of muscle damage . In fact , a certain degree of soreness seems to be necessary . "  When muscles repair themselves , they get larger and stronger than before so that -LSB- muscle soreness -RSB- does n't happen again , " says Vazquez . While these mechanisms are not completely understood , Mike notes that some muscle trauma is needed to stimulate protein production and muscle growth . Myth # 5 : Pre - and post-workout stretching is a good way to prevent and treat DOMS . Unfortunately , no . A review of studies for the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews on the effects of stretching before or after exercise on the development of delayed-onset muscle soreness found that pre - and post-workout stretching did not reduce the effects of DOMS in healthy adults . In fact , research has found that static stretching prior to working out does not safeguard you against injury and may actually decrease your power and strength . While you may not be able to avoid soreness altogether , ACSM suggests advancing slowly with a new workout , giving your muscles time to adapt and recover . Vazquez recommends always including a proper warm-up  including dynamic stretching  , and cool-down period as part of your routine . Stop waddling : How to recover from DOMS There are a number of ways to alleviate those ca n't - make-it-up-the-stairs symptoms . A sports massage is one good way to reduce the effects . "  A massage will move the fluid and blood around in your body which can help heal the microtrauma in your muscles better , " says Haythe . A study in the Journal of Exercise Rehabilitation found massage to be beneficial on both gait and feelings of post-workout soreness . Other common ways to treat DOMS include foam rolling , contrast showers  alternating between hot and cold water  , Epsom salt baths , increased protein intake  to increase protein synthesis  and omega-3 supplementation  to reduce inflammation  , and sleep . New research in the Clinical Journal of Sports Medicine suggests that supplementing with saffron may also help to alleviate DOMS . Regardless of your preferred Rx , Haythe recommends looking at your diet to make sure your taking in nutrients to help your body heal . "  Find a diet that can really help you feel the best that you can feel , " she says . Daily Burn : Are you foam rolling all wrong ? When it 's more than just DOMS There may be times when you overdo it with your workout and feel bad . Really bad . But when should you be concerned ? "  If your level of soreness does not go down significantly after 72 hours and into the 96 hours mark , " says Mike . ACSM advises that if the pain becomes debilitating , you experience heavy swelling in your limbs or your urine becomes dark in color , you should see your doctor . If it 's an injury , you 're more likely to feel it immediately during your workout -- something that should never be ignored . Soreness , on the other hand , will appear gradually , often the next day . "  An injury will likely limit your range of motion and last longer than three days , " says Haythe . When all is said and done , DOMS should n't be avoided or revered . But it should n't be your only gauge of your level of fitness or strength . "  People think that the only part of their workout that matters is the hard part , " Vazquez says . "  But , you can do more of the hard part if you do n't injure yourself . " Long-term , Haythe says , "  You 'll build more muscle , strength and endurance if you give your muscles a chance to take a deep breath and recover . "	"  DOMS " is an acronym for delayed onset muscle soreness DOMS happens when you introduce a new activity or increase the intensity , volume Symptoms can also include reduced range of motion and joint stiffness
CNN  -- A convicted murderer was on the loose Friday morning after he was mistakenly released from custody in Chicago . Steven Robbins , 44 , convicted of a 2002 murder in Indianapolis , was freed Tuesday because of an error by Chicago court and security officials . Robbins was taken to Illinois on Tuesday for a court hearing on unrelated weapons and drug charges , according to the Indiana Department of Correction . Both of those charges were dropped and Robbins was supposed to be returned to an Indiana prison to continue serving his 60-year sentence for the murder . That did not happen . "  For reasons yet unknown , the offender was released by Illinois authorities , " the Indiana Department of Correction said . Authorities in Chicago said they are helping in the search and trying to determine why the mistake happened . "  The sheriff has ordered an investigation into the facts and circumstances regarding his court appearance and release from custody , " the Cook County Sheriff 's Department said . Authorities released one clue that may help in the search . On the right side of his neck , there 's a tattoo that says "  Nicole . "	Steven Robbins was serving a 60-year prison sentence for murder He was taken to an Illinois court for unrelated charges Those weapons and drug charges were dropped Instead of returning to the prison to continue serving his sentence , he was freed by mistake
CNN  -- David Remes used to be a partner at a top Washington law firm , but he left four years ago to defend , for free , prisoners at the U.S. military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . It seemed like a good idea at the time . The U.S. Supreme Court had just opened its door to Guantanamo prisoners in Boumediene v. Bush . The case recognized the prisoners ' right to challenge their detentions in court , even if they were n't U.S. citizens and even though they were imprisoned abroad . At the time , the controversial detention center was frequently in headlines and talked about on the campaign trail . As one of his first acts in office , President Barack Obama signed an executive order requiring that the Guantanamo Bay detention facility be closed within a year . Three and a half years later , it 's still open , and it 's faded from the public eye . Earlier this month , the Supreme Court refused to take a fresh look at the habeas corpus petitions by the suspected foreign enemy fighters for the second year in a row . Supreme Court declines fresh review of Guantanamo detainee issue Guantanamo prisoners still have the right to challenge their detentions , Remes said , but it 's more symbolic than real . In his opinion , the Supreme Court has shut the door on Guantanamo . "  I would n't say I 'm numb , " Remes told CNN . "  But I am realistic . I tell my clients my pessimism has never failed me . I do n't want to give them hope unless there is hope . There 's less hope now than ever . " Hear CNN 's Libby Lewis talk to David Remes on iTunes about the court 's decision Of the 169 people still detained , the government says 89 are n't a threat , but Obama and Congress have blocked their release . As for the rest , some of them have a shot at a military hearing , but 46 do n't have that chance because the government says they ca n't be tried for one reason or another but are too dangerous to be released . "  So now , the executive is against transfers , Congress is against transfers and the courthouse doors are shut , " Remes says . "  All three branches of the government are aligned against us . " If there was any Guantanamo prisoner case that lawyers thought the Supreme Court would take up , it was Adnan Latif 's of Yemen . Remes is his lawyer . Federal appeals court rules against Guantanamo detainee The government says Latif went to Afghanistan to fight for al Qaeda . Latif says he went to Afghanistan and Pakistan to get medical treatment with the help of an Islamic charity . He 's been at Guantanamo for 10 years . "  Adnan is a very disturbed young man , " Remes says . "  He has been in the psych ward . He 's been on suicide watch . He has eaten screws , urine cups , plastic bags . He would smear excrement all over his body . I once said to him : How can you stand the smell ? He said , ` That 's nothing compared to what I 'm feeling . ' " Over the years , Remes has gotten to know Latif . He says he 's familiar with his mental problems , his apparent suicide attempts , his poetry . At one meeting he had with his client -- then in his seventh year as a prisoner -- Remes says Latif threw a cup of his blood on him . He 'd cut a vein in his wrist and let the blood flow into an empty cup under the table where they sat . The next time they met , Remes says , the prison guards had Latif in so many restraints that Remes had to call a federal judge for help when Latif wanted to use the bathroom . They had to litigate it over the phone . He said the judge "  did n't want to second-guess the security aspect and he said , ` Well , he 's got to be able to clean himself , ' " Remes said . About a year later , that same judge , U.S. District Judge Henry H. Kennedy , reviewed the evidence against Latif in a petition for habeas corpus -- the right that was granted to Guantanamo prisoners in the Boumediene case . Kennedy found the government 's evidence , based on an intelligence report by U.S. agents , was n't reliable enough to keep Latif locked up . And he found Latif 's story was plausible , so he ordered Latif 's release in July 2010 . But in a 2-1 vote , the appeals court that reviews all Guantanamo habeas cases reversed that in October 2011 . The appeals court said Kennedy should have automatically presumed the government 's intelligence report on Latif was reliable and rejected the case . Latif is still a prisoner at Guantanamo . Federal appeals court rules against Guantanamo detainee After the Supreme Court turned down Latif 's case on June 11 , Remes called Latif to tell him . He also called Latif 's family in Yemen . Remes asked Latif 's younger brother , Ibrahim , whether he had any questions . Ibrahim wanted to know why his brother had n't been released even though a federal judge said he should be . Remes said he explained what happened , and they talked a bit more . Then , Remes said Ibrahim thanked him "  from the depth of my family 's heart for all you have done , " and hung up .	Lawyer David Remes says the Supreme Court has shut down on Guantanamo The high court this year turned down all requests from Gitmo detainees Guantanamo detention center houses 169 prisoners
Kogelo , Kenya  CNN  -- Four years ago this village was the center of "  Obama mania . " The celebration of 2008 "  was exceptional , it is something not any of us would have imagined to have happened because we were at the brink of history being made , " said village resident Malik Obama , half-brother of the president . In 2008 , Malik Obama peered into a tiny TV with a flickering CNN signal for an all-night vigil watching results come in . After a rain-soaked night that stranded more than a few reporters who had come to the village , Malik Obama emerged bleary-eyed but dancing . A crowd of supporters chanted his name . Kogelo is the birthplace of Barack Obama 's father , Barack Obama Sr. . Then-Sen . Barack Obama visited in 2006 and paid special homage to his grandmother , Sarah Obama  now universally known as Mama Sarah  . It 's not just Sarah and Malik , there is a whole wing of the Obama clan here : cousins , aunts and half-cousins . If 2006 was the start of the love affair , in 2008 it went full-blown . Everywhere there were Obama T-shirts , DVDs and cakes  a black forest cake with an edible picture of the president-to-be and Mama Sarah was a favorite  . Things have certainly cooled down since then . To many Africans  and Americans , if polls are correct  , Barack Obama 's presidential campaign of "  hope " and "  change " hit a wall of reality when he came into office . Africans , in particular , saw great hope in the new American president with African roots . But after just one brief swing through Ghana in four years at the White House , many feel let down by Africa 's "  favorite son . " The administration contends that Africa is a priority , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been a regular fixture in Africa . But to Africans , and especially to Kenyans , it is not the same . "  Under the circumstances with what he has had to deal with we understand , " said Malik Obama , "  and we hope that circumstances will change . We hope he has the opportunity to come here and say hello . " Even without a visit from President Obama , Kogelo is still trying to make good use of the connection . Where there was once just a dirt track running through town , now a paved road is nearing completion . Electricity is connected to many houses . Water projects have increased . Simply put , President Obama 's win put Kogelo on the map . Locals here say that charities flooded into Kogelo to get a bit of the "  Obama cache . " With a tight race looming in 2012 , many here are nervous . "  I donÂ ¹ t know the other person who is contesting , " said Pastor Joseph Omundi of the Christian Life church in Kogelo , "  but we know Barack Obama is the son of this land . " Omundi , a fiery preacher who delivers sermons with a translator in a staccato double act , said his congregation has been praying for "  peace , the economy , and Barack Obama . " Everyone a CNN crew spoke to in Kogelo is for Obama : the fruit vendors ; the commuters streaming by in matatu , or minibus , vehicles ; and even the opinionated boda boda , or bicycle and motorcycle , drivers . Many just refer to Mitt Romney as "  the other guy . " While Kogelo has changed , with a new recreation center and lodge for foreign tourists , it is still just a rural village some 260 miles  418 kilometers  west of Nairobi , the capital . The flood of foreign visitors predicted by the government has n't materialized , and the much-touted road is n't quite finished . But Malik Obama stays positive . "  Washington , D.C. , is the capital of the United States , but Kogelo is the capital of the world , because everybody comes to visit , " he said .	The village of Kogelo was the birthplace of President Obama 's father In 2008 the village celebrated "  Obama mania " Barack Obama 's win put Kogelo on the map Now , with a close election looming , many are nervous
LONDON , England -- Britain 's Princess Eugenie has been reprimanded by her school after being caught frolicking naked on college grounds , it was reported Saturday . Princess Eugenie is sixth in line to the British throne . The 18-year-old daughter of Prince Andrew , Duke of York , and Sarah Ferguson , was apprehended for her involvement in end of term "  high jinks " at the exclusive Marlborough College , west of London , the UK Press Association said . A royal source told the Press Association , "  It was nothing more than high jinks at the end of term in May . A group of them were reprimanded and that 's the end of the matter . " The tabloid Sun newspaper reported that a college staff member woke to playful shrieks and found several young women dancing around without clothes . It said there was no suggestion boys were present or that drugs were involved but claimed a pupil said the students had been drinking . Princess Eugenie , the sixth in line to the British throne , is studying art , history of art and English at the $ 46,000-a-year college , PA said . It said the princess was expected to be among guests celebrating the official birthday of Queen Elizabeth II on Saturday . A spokesman for the princess made no comment about the claims , PA reported .	Britain 's Princess Eugenie reprimanded for naked school frolic , reports say Sixth in line to British throne involved in end of term "  high jinks , " insiders say Princess due to attend queen 's official birthday celebrations
CNN  -- The last month has seen a blizzard of new sex abuse accusations against the Catholic Church from across the United States . Almost all of them -- and the intense media attention they 've garnered -- can be traced to one man : a Minnesota lawyer named Jeff Anderson . Last week , an alleged victim of priest abuse in Wisconsin announced a lawsuit against the Vatican itself . Anderson is representing the alleged victim . A couple of days earlier , a Mexican man who alleged abuse by a priest years ago filed suit against Mexico 's top Catholic cleric in a U.S. court . The plaintiff is another Anderson client . And throughout April , new documents have come to light suggesting that the current pope may have played down warnings about abusive priests in the United States . Those documents came from Anderson 's St. Paul , Minnesota , office . For decades , Anderson has won settlements from Catholic archdioceses across the country for abuse victims and , more than any other attorney in the country , has driven American media coverage of the church abuse scandal . Now , with the church abuse crisis embroiling Europe for the first time and raising questions about whether the pope himself did enough to respond to church abuse , Anderson is employing novel legal tactics in an attempt to take his campaign all the way to the Vatican . "  I 'm getting far more aggressive because all roads are leading to Rome , " Anderson , 62 , said last Thursday , after filing suit against the Vatican on behalf of the alleged Wisconsin abuse victim . "  I 'm pessimistic that the Vatican is capable of changing itself but I 'm optimistic that external pressure will , " Anderson said . "  We 're at a tipping point . " Anderson 's last sex abuse suit against the Vatican , filed in 2002 , has wound its way through the courts , with the U.S. Supreme Court now considering whether to hear the case . But Anderson 's critics say that last week 's suit against the Vatican , along with much of his other work , is aimed more at attracting publicity than getting justice . "  Anderson has sued the Vatican many times , and has never won , " said Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights . "  He knows he will lose again this time , but that means nothing to him . What this is all about is grandstanding : getting more PR for himself and throwing more mud at the Catholic Church . " Anderson 's firm -- Jeff Anderson & Associates , which employs four other lawyers -- has filed hundreds of sex abuse suits against the church . Though he wo n't disclose how much he has won in settlements , Anderson is thought to be responsible for a good chunk of the roughly $ 2.5 billion that , according to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , the U.S. Catholic Church has paid to sex abuse victims to date . He was among the lawyers representing abuse victims in the $ 600 million settlement with the Archdiocese of Los Angeles in 2007 , the church 's largest payout ever . The settlements started out much smaller . When Anderson filed his first church lawsuit on behalf of a Minnesota plaintiff who in 1983 alleged priest sexual abuse , he was one of the only lawyers in the country taking on such cases . He says the abuse suit -- which targeted the archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis and the diocese of Winona , Minnesota -- was the first against an American Catholic diocese . Anderson says he won a $ 1 million plus settlement for his client . But his proudest moment in the case was convincing his client to resist signing a confidentially agreement so that he could go public with his story . "  As a result , dozens of other kids abused by that priest broke their silence , " Anderson said . That knack for getting clients to publicize their stories of priestly abuse -- largely through the news media -- and spurring other victims to break their silence has been an Anderson trademark ever since . In the early 1990s , Anderson represented victims of abuse by Rev. James R. Porter , a Massachusetts priest whose taped comments about having molested "  from 50 to 100  children  , " made him one of the first abusive priests to earn national headlines . The media attention brought Anderson more business . "  I remember reading a newspaper story about a priest that had molested a bunch of kids and it was the first written statement I 'd seen about being sexually abused by a priest , " said Bob Schwiderski , a former client of Anderson 's . "  It was an a-ha moment . I said , ` my God -- I 'm not the only one . ' And the article mentioned Jeff 's firm . " By that time , Anderson had shifted from his initial focus on civil rights and poverty law to take on abuse cases full time . "  That 's what sustains me -- the connection with the survivors and their families , " he said . "  Initially it 's their pain , and then it 's their strength . They 're giving me a lot more than I 'm giving them . " Even some of Anderson 's opponents see him more as a true believer than a church-obsessed variation of a lawyerly ambulance chaser . "  Jeff is not just after money , " said Jeffrey Lena , a U.S.-based lawyer for the Vatican . "  He has enough to buy his own island if he wants .  But  what he is doing in these cases is part of his conception of himself . People figure out in life that there was something they really want to do , and I think he believes he has figured that out . " Anderson raised three children in the Roman Catholic tradition of his first wife , but his work representing abuse victims in the 1980s turned him off to organized religion . He became an atheist but says he regained his faith 13 years ago , when he began confronting his alcoholism at AA meetings . "  I had to look at myself and turn things over to a higher spiritual power , " said Anderson , who does n't identify with a religious tradition and describes his faith as "  eclectic . " In 2002 , revelations of church abuse and cover-up in Boston set off a wave of priest abuse allegations that turned church lawsuits into a national industry . "  Until that time , it was a solo journey , " Anderson said . "  That set me on another trajectory entirely , with an intensity that has n't slowed much if it all . " While the Boston scandal was still breaking , Anderson filed his first suit against the Vatican , on behalf of a Portland , Oregon , man who said he 'd been abused by a priest as a teenager . Anderson argued that the Holy See , as the priest 's employer , is ultimately responsible for the abuse . The Supreme Court is deciding whether to hear the case . A lower court has rejected the Vatican 's argument that it is protected by the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act . The lawsuit Anderson filed last week against the Vatican goes much further , naming the Holy See , Pope Benedict XVI and the Vatican 's current and former secretaries of state as defendants . The suit alleges that the Vatican had received a 1995 letter from a deaf American claiming that he 'd been abused by a Wisconsin priest named Rev. Lawrence Murphy but that the Holy See allowed the priest to retain his position . The suit , filed by an unnamed plaintiff , seeks to force the Vatican to open its files on other abusive priests . The Vatican says the suit will fail because individual archdioceses , not the pope , are responsible for responding to abuse allegations . "  Anderson 's mantra is that all roads lead to Rome , " says Lena , the Vatican lawyer . "  I have a different message that Jeff wishes to ignore : this Church is administratively decentralized and decision making takes place largely on the local level . Mine is a more complex message , but it has the virtue of being right . " But that does n't mean that the Vatican will stop paying close attention to Anderson . "  Jeff is such a media mover and shaker that when I go on an airplane , I 'll call him and say ` I 'm going to be on the plane for six or seven hours , so do n't do anything -- I wo n't have a chance to respond ! ' " said Lena . " ... He is half media man and half lawyer and has been successful at both . " For Anderson , both halves would likely be taken as a compliment .	Anderson has driven American media coverage of the church abuse scandal In 1983 , he was one of the only lawyers in the country taking on such cases He has been a key figure in bulk of settlements U.S. Catholic Church has paid out Critics : Anderson 's work is aimed more at attracting publicity than getting justice
CNN  -- Rebels in the Central African Republic -- who took over numerous towns and threatened to overrun the capital -- will be part of a unity government under that nation 's embattled president , a government spokesman said Friday . The apparent deal would appear to end violence that began last month , when the Seleka rebel coalition launched an offensive as they demanded President Francois Bozize step down after accusing him of reneging on a peace deal . As the insurgency advanced in the nation 's north and neared the capital of Bangui , Bozize urged the international community , including the United States and France , to help fend off the rebellion . He also engaged in peace negotiations , including those this week involving the Seleka and opposition party leaders in Gabon 's capital , Libreville . These talks ended Friday with an agreement to form a "  government of national unity " headed by Bozize , said Jules Gauthier Ngbapo , a spokesman for the Central African Republic 's decentralization and territorial administration ministry . "  Seleka rebels and ... opposition  party  leaders agreed to select the prime minister , " said Ngbapo , who added that there will be new legislative elections in a year . Bozize , the soon-to-be named prime minister and Cabinet members can not run in the next election , said Margaret Vogt , a special representative of the U.N. secretary-general . The rebels want 400 South African troops deployed to the Central African Republic to "  withdraw progressively , " Ngbapo said . South African President Jacob Zuma announced Sunday that his nation 's troops would "  assist with capacity building " of the Central African Republic 's military , which was then fighting a still vibrant insurgency . The new government and the other changes were expected imminently . A cease-fire -- expanding on one that Ngbapo , earlier Friday , said would be in effect for a week -- goes into effect "  within 72 hours " of the parties signing the deal , said Vogt . "  We are hopeful that the agreements that have been signed today in Libreville will contain the immediate flare-up and will calm the situation ... and enable us to recalibrate the disarmament process , " Vogt said from New York , where the United Nations is based . At the same time , the U.N. official warned the lack of introspection -- and corrective action -- regarding why past agreements were n't fully implemented "  may lead to another meltdown a few years down the line . " This sentiment was echoed by the office of European Union foreign affairs representative Catherine Ashton . "  Such an agreement is the first step out of the crisis , " Ashton 's office said . "  To be sustainable , the normalization and stabilization of the country in the longer term requires the underlying causes of the outbreak of recurrent conflicts in the Central African Republic to be addressed in a consensual way by all stakeholders . " The deal comes after fits and starts in the peace process in recent weeks , which were marked by fighting interspersed by indications both sides were open to dialogue . For instance , Ngbapo said rebel fighters attacked two towns last Saturday -- a few days before their leaders were set to join Bozize , as well as the presidents of Gabon , Chad , Equatorial Guinea , Guinea and the Republic of Congo , in Libreville . CNN was unable to confirm government claims about the occupation of the towns . As the government scrambled to put down the rebellion , UNICEF representative Souleymane Diabate said "  reliable sources " had told his U.N. agency "  that children are newly being recruited " by rebel groups and pro-government militias . Armed groups were forcing people younger than 18 to fight , carry supplies and serve as sex slaves , the agency said last Friday . About 300,000 children have been affected by the rebellion , including family separation , sexual violence , displacement and lack of access to education and health facilities , the agency said . CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Central African Republic rebels launched an offensive last month , upset at their president They had overtaken several towns in the nation 's north and threatened the capital , Bangui Under the peace agreement , the rebels and opposition party leaders will pick a prime minister EU and U.N. officials laud deal , but say sides must address other issues for a lasting peace
CNN  -- It 's a cautionary tale : Capping off a 50-day bender with a transcontinental flight may cause confusion . A Ukrainian man returning from a trip during which he "  got drunk and stayed drunk for the entire 50 days , " according to court papers , faces federal charges after attempting to open an emergency exit moments after his flight landed . Details of the commotion are contained in a federal complaint filed by the U.S. attorney in Utah . The complaint says that as the plane was descending , Anatoliy N. Baranovich , 46 , woke and started yelling in Russian that the wing of the aircraft was on fire . Passengers wrestled Baranovich when he tried to open the emergency exit shortly after landing , documents say . Later , Baranovich told investigators through an interpreter that he thought the plane 's wing was on fire and was close to scraping the ground . The incident occurred Monday night aboard Delta Flight 1215 -- a Boeing 757 -- traveling from Boston to Salt Lake City . Baranovich lives in Portland , Oregon , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Read the FBI complaint against Baranovich  PDF Baranovich 's rough homecoming came after a trip to visit family in Ukraine , where he was planning to start building a house . But those building plans fell through . According to the complaint , he also "  stated that he got drunk and stayed drunk for the entire 50 days " of his visit . The drinking continued while traveling back to the United States , but Baranovich "  could not specify when , how much or where he consumed the alcohol . " When the 757 touched down , Baranovich jumped out of his seat and ran to the back of the aircraft , where he tried to open an emergency exit , according to the complaint . A flight attendant ordered Baranovich to stop , but he continued to open the door , breaking the door and an inflatable slide and damaging the fuselage , the court papers say . Several passengers jumped out of their seats , pinning Baranovich against a galley wall , the complaint says . He attempted to open the exit on the other side of the plane , stopping only when a former police officer forced him to the floor . The ex-cop searched Baranovich 's fanny pack , finding his Ukraine passport and U.S. visa . Baranovich faces charges of damaging and disabling an aircraft and interference with a flight crew . Each charge carries a sentence of up to 20 years in prison . "  We do not believe there is a connection to terrorism , " FBI spokeswoman Deborah Bertram said . Baranovich appeared in court Wednesday and was assigned counsel . He remained in custody Wednesday . Delta Air Lines is in contact with other passengers , a spokesman said . "  We continue to cooperate with the FBI , which is leading the followup . " Grape expectations : Making wine taste good at 35,000 feet Air passengers ` quicker to snap ' CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Carol Cratty and Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	Complaint says passenger tried to open emergency exit on Delta 757 on Monday Ukrainian man said he thought plane 's wing was on fire He told authorities he 'd been drinking heavily for 50 days The man is in custody pending court hearings
Parenting  -- No matter how much you plan ahead , feeding your extended family -- bottomless teenage nephews , out-of-town uncles , and wild munchkins included -- is going to be a massive undertaking . These clever strategies will help you do it with less stress and more sanity . Do n't fret the table News flash : You do n't need to iron the entire tablecloth . If you 're low on time  uh , who 's not ?  , just iron the corners and sides . Once the dishes and centerpiece are in place , no one will see the wrinkles . Have the kids help you set the table the night before , too . It 's one less thing to do . Parenting : Totally embarrassing holiday photos Splurge on pre-chopped veggies Scan the produce section and salad bar for prewashed , pre-chopped veggies , like carrots and celery . They might be a little more expensive , but it is totally worth it . Fill your freezer Check the supermarket freezer section for bagged ingredients that wo n't sacrifice flavor , like peeled sweet potatoes . Frozen piecrusts have fooled many a guest , too . Pretty much any casserole or fruit-filled tart , crumble , or pie will freeze beautifully .  You can bake it when time allows , either before or after freezing . Parenting : Easy Thanksgiving crafts Store items in the dishes you 'll heat them in Freeze or refrigerate your creations in the same oven-ready dishes you 'll heat them in . On the big day , just bring the dish to room temperature , then toss in the preheated oven for the quickest cooking . If you break Aunt Bertha 's ginormous casserole recipe into two or three smaller dishes , it will cook even faster . Parenting : 5 delicious mocktail recipes Utilize your A.H.D. -- Alternative Heating Devices Not enough oven space ? You can put together a veggie or bean dish days in advance , then pop it in the microwave ; just be mindful of the size . For example , put our Green Beans With Glazed Onions in two glass pie pans , which will fit nicely in the microwave for a quick zap . Also , keep soup hot in a Crock-Pot and extra gravy toasty in a large thermos . Parenting : Top iPhone apps for kids Do n't overdo it with the turkey You may be tempted to spend hours on sauces and seasonings for the bird , but hear this : it 's all about knowing how long to cook the thing . Just give it a salt-and-pepper treatment and use an instant-read thermometer . When in doubt , call the Butterball Turkey Talk-Line  800-BUTTERBALL  or the USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline  800-535-4555  . You do n't have to cook the stuffing inside the turkey : It 's safer and faster to cook them separately . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	No one will notice that the top of your tablecloth is wrinkled when all the dishes are on it . Just iron the sides The old adage , "  time is money , " holds true for Thanksgiving . Save time with expensive pre-chopped veggies Perfecting your turkey seasoning technique can mean hours of sauce-making . Salt and pepper is all you need
Health.com  -- An analysis of the sickest swine flu patients in Australia , Canada , Mexico , and New Zealand suggests that relatively healthy adolescents and young adults are among the most likely to get very sick after an H1N1 infection , a pattern similar to that seen in the 1918 influenza pandemic . The most important message is that children should get the H1N1 vaccination , Dr. Neil Schachter said . Almost all critically ill patients in the studies were sick for only a few days before rapidly progressing to more severe symptoms and respiratory failure , which required treatment with a breathing machine , according to three studies published in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The mortality rate ranged from 14.3 percent to 41.4 percent , depending on the country . The findings may help shine some light on what the 2009 H1N1 flu season may bring , and who may be hit the hardest by the swine flu during the next few months . "  These studies are telling us that young people are at risk for bad complications of H1N1 and under usual circumstances , -LSB- seasonal -RSB- flu does not cause acute respiratory failure in younger people , " says Dr. Neil Schachter , the medical director of the respiratory care department at Mount Sinai Medical Center , in New York City , and the author of The Good Doctor 's Guide to Colds and Flu . The analysis of cases in Australia and New Zealand looked at people who developed severe acute respiratory distress syndrome  a condition in which the lungs fill with fluid  and were put on a life-support system known as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation  ECMO  . This artificial heart and lung machine system , which puts oxygen into the blood and then carries this blood to the body tissues , is considered risky and expensive ; as a result , it is not readily available in every hospital . The mortality rate was 21 percent for these patients , although it may have been higher without this treatment , the authors say . Health.com : 8 ways swine flu is changing society "  These studies provide important signals about what clinicians and hospitals may confront in the coming months , " Dr. Douglas B. White , and Dr. Derek C. Angus , of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine , write in an editorial accompanying the new studies . In young , healthy patients , H1N1 can quickly cause respiratory failure that ca n't necessarily be reversed with mechanical ventilation , although such patients are not currently a priority group for H1N1 vaccination , they note . In the Canadian study , about 30 percent to 40 percent of the patients had lung disease , were obese , or had high blood pressure , a history of smoking , or diabetes . Overall , 14.3 percent of 168 critically ill people with confirmed or suspected H1N1 died within 28 days . The mortality rate in the Mexican study was strikingly higher . In Mexico City , where the H1N1 pandemic was first reported , 41.4 percent of 58 critically ill people died within 60 days of developing the flu . Health.com : 10 best big cities for people with asthma Those people who died from H1N1 got sicker earlier in the course of their illness , had extremely low levels of oxygen in their blood , and had multiple organ failure . Their average age was 44 years old , and 54 of 58 patients needed mechanical ventilation . Other signs of more severe H1N1 included fever and severe trouble breathing . Health.com : 10 ways you put yourself at risk for swine flu  without realizing it ! In the Canadian study  in which the average age was 21.4  , the critically ill tended to be hospitalized within four days of developing flu symptoms , and there was about a one-day lapse between hospital admission to intensive care unit  ICU  admission . As in the Mexico City study , younger patients with low blood oxygen and multisystem organ failure were hardest hit . What 's more , the critically ill tended to require mechanical ventilation and rescue therapies to aid in breathing . Health.com : 8 causes of chronic cough In both countries , the H1N1 outbreak lasted about three months . "  It is not clear of hospitals ' need to invest in this ECMO technology because this has not proven very successful in other respiratory illnesses , " says Schachter . "  We do know that treating H1N1 with antivirals such as Tamiflu  oseltamivir  and Relenza  zanamivir  did help improve mortality . " The most important message is that children should get the H1N1 vaccination , which is safe , he says . "  The technology for making swine flu vaccine is no different than that used to make the regular flu vaccine , so in principle , there should be no differences in terms of safety , " he explains . "  Recent surveys have shown that Americans are iffy about whether they will let their children receive this novel vaccine . " Dr. James B. McAuley , the director of Pediatric Infectious Diseases at the Rush University Medical Center , in Chicago , Illinois , notes that the studies focused on the sickest of the sick patients . Health.com : 7 surprising triggers of lung trouble "  The mortality rate can be high for a small subset of people , but the overall death rate is closer to seasonal flu than the severe acute respiratory syndrome  SARS  outbreak of 2003 , " he says . "  This is a serious flu and there is mortality , but it is about the same as with the seasonal flu -- maybe a little worse . " As to why younger people seem to be hit hardest , the current school of thought is that perhaps a similar virus circulated 50 or 60 years ago , so older people could have immunity to H1N1 . McAuley 's advice ? "  Definitely get the vaccine , " he says .  He says his own children have already received the H1N1 vaccination . The editorialists write that the burden is on the public health system to heed the warnings in the new studies and prepare for the coming flu season : "  Any deaths from 2009 influenza A  H1N1  will be regrettable , but those that result from insufficient planning and inadequate preparation will be especially tragic . " Such planning should include widespread availability of antivirals , antibiotics , and mechanical ventilation systems . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	In sickest H1N1 patients , mortality rate ranged from 14.3 percent to 41.4 percent Overall death rate is closer to seasonal flu than SARS , doctor says Older people could have immunity to H1N1 because of virus 50 to 60 years ago Doctor : "  Definitely get the vaccine "
"  I do n't know if organized criminals have the capability to do something to the Pope . But they are certainly thinking about it . " These words , uttered in a recent interview by an Italian anti-Mafia prosecutor , do n't quite justify the alarming worldwide headlines they provoked , but at the same time it would be rash to dismiss them out of hand . The new Pope represents a serious threat to some established criminal interests at a critical moment in the long history of the Mafias ' relationship with Catholicism -- a past marked by both intimacy and violence . Read more : Prosecutor says Pope faces mafia threat Italy 's Mafia problem is as old as the Italian state . The three major Mafias -- the Camorra , the ` Ndrangheta , and Cosa Nostra -- originated in the political violence that led up to Italian unification in 1860 . But only in 1993 did a Pope explicitly denounce the Mafia . Speaking in Sicily , John Paul II warned mobsters that God 's judgement was at hand . Cosa Nostra 's own verdict on the Pope 's words came two months later , when it planted bombs that seriously damaged two ancient churches in Rome . Before that epoch-making rupture , mafiosi and priests had rubbed along pretty well . The reasons were political . The Church loathed the new Italian state because its unification had robbed the Pontiff of his earthly kingdom , leaving him only with the Vatican City . So the Church looked elsewhere for pious sources of authority . And Mafia bosses have always been good at dressing up as devout paladins of order . The local saint 's day , when a statue is carried through the streets amid prayers and singing , is the focal point of the calendar in many Italian towns and villages . All too often , the local capo would place himself at the head of the parade . The ` Ndrangheta even used a religious festival as cover for its annual general meeting . Since the 1890s , the bosses from across Calabria have gathered in early September at the Festival of the Madonna of Polsi . During the Cold War , the Church stood firmly in the anti-communist camp . Mafia bosses had every interest in posing as bulwarks against the red menace because it helped them cosy up to the Christian Democrats -- the Catholic political party that held power until 1994 . In 1964 , the Cardinal Archbishop of Palermo denounced any talk of the Mafia as a Communist plot to besmirch Sicily . In 1982 , John Paul II visited Palermo in the middle of an underworld war that saw hundreds killed , and he did not once use the M-word . Read more : Popular Pope but same old church ? So the Church was , at best , culpably silent about Italy 's permanent Mafia emergency . Over that time , mafiosi learned to speak religious language and twist it to their own ends . The evidence is overwhelming : most Italian gangsters are believers . During the making of a recent documentary for Italian television , I visited many of the fortified bunkers that ` Ndrangheta bosses have built in case they need to go to ground . Not one was without its crucifixes , its statuettes of saints , its paintings of the Virgin Mary . I accompanied the carabinieri  military police  on a raid on a boss 's villa that had been modelled on the house from the final scene of the movie Scarface . Not only was there a large effigy of the Madonna of Polsi outside the front door , but the interior was decorated with various religious trinkets that competed for space with samurai swords and replica machine guns . Religion offers the Mafias a way to bind their organizations together , and gives them the feeling that they are extorting and killing in the name of a cause more noble than their own greed . The piety of the majority of Mafia affiliates is the ultimate proof of the truism that religion can be used to justify any cause . So what changed ? Why did John Paul II make his famous denunciation of the Mafia in 1993 ? There are two fundamental reasons . First , the end of the Cold War . And second , in 1992 , the clamorous bombing assassinations of Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino , Italy 's two leading antiMafia prosecutors . Since then , the Vatican has entrenched its stance against the mob . An important symbolic gesture came earlier this year , when Father Pino Puglisi , a Palermo priest murdered by Cosa Nostra in 1993 , was beatified . Read more : Pope 's embrace of disfigured man goes viral Much remains to be done before the Catholic Church in its entirety can be said to have distanced itself from the Mafia . Priests are not always keen to dance to the new tune issuing from St Peter 's . Some still preside over the lavish weddings that weld underworld dynasties together . Religious festivals are still subject to Mafia infiltration . Pope Francis is determined that there will be no turning back . He used the beatification of Father Pino Puglisi as his cue to repeat John Paul II 's denunciation of the Mafia from twenty years back . But the new Pope is also taking the battle against crime beyond the realm of words and symbols . The decisive terrain on which that battle will be fought is finance . The Church is rich . But its finances are also bafflingly complex and utterly lacking in transparency . At the centre of its archipelago of financial institutions sits the Institute for the Works of Religion  or IOR  -- the Vatican Bank . It handles the money of many religious orders . But it also acts like a little piece of the Caymen Islands on the western side of the Tiber River , which is what makes it attractive to people who want to keep their wealth away from the prying eyes of the law . The IOR has been tainted with scandal before . In 1982 it was implicated in the fraudulent bankruptcy of the Banco Ambrosiano , whose president , Roberto "  God 's banker " Calvi , was found hanging under Blackfriars Bridge in London . Although his murder , or suicide , is still unsolved , it seems highly likely that he was laundering Cosa Nostra 's heroin profits . Most observers think that the Church 's efforts to reform its finances in the wake of the Calvi scandal were desultory . Little changed . But now Pope Francis has hired external expertise to bring the IOR into line with international standards of transparency and probity . Just a few days ago he was particularly frank in condemning Italians who worship "  the goddess bribe " , and who give to charity while dodging tax . Nobody knows how far the rot extends . Many suspect that the Mafias and sundry other shady cabals have for years been concealing money under the noses of bishops and cardinals . If Francis is really determined to carry through his clean-up , then likely as not there are plenty of people who would wish him harm . So would the Mafia really murder the Pope ? It is very unlikely . The Mafias rarely kill without first carrying out a cost-benefit analysis . Even a rudimentary projection of the likely consequences of a hit on the head of the Catholic Church would show it to be a catastrophic own goal . A much more probable scenario is that the Church will carry on reforming its finances , but at its habitual leaden-footed pace . Meanwhile , the dirty money will be spirited away .	Italian anti-mob prosecutor says Pope faces threat from the mafia John Dickie says Francis represents serious threat to established criminal interests Mafias originated in 1860 but Pope did n't explicitly denounce the mafia until 1993 Dickie says killing the Pope would be a "  catastrophic own goal " for the mafias
Editor 's note : Clark Howard , the Atlanta , Georgia-based host of a nationally syndicated radio show , is host of a television show designed to help viewers save more , spend less and avoid getting ripped off during these tough economic times . The show airs at noon and 4 p.m. ET Saturdays and Sundays on HLN . Clark Howard says use the Internet to hook up with powerful networking groups . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Many years ago , I had the opportunity to start an Atlanta-based civic program called Career Action . The program 's goal was to provide free resources to help the jobless and underemployed find steady work . That was 1979 . Today , it 's 2009 and the need for job assistance is greater than ever as unemployment continues to rise . The conventional wisdom about education and employment -- that as your level of education rises , the less likely you are to be impacted by layoffs -- has been completely flipped on its head . This recession knows no boundaries in terms of education , skill level , training or years on the job . So , what do you do if you 're laid off or have your hours cut at work ? First , do n't panic ! You 're going to need to apply for unemployment insurance . I 'm hearing a lot of people badmouthing unemployment compensation . There 's nothing shameful about it . Employers pay premiums over time during the good years to provide for those who get laid off in lean times . It 's not beneath you to accept this insurance money . Next , you need to triage your finances so you know which debts to prioritize and which to neglect if your money runs out . Paying your car note is central to finding employment for most people . It 's practically higher than paying your mortgage or rent . In fact , you may need to live with friends or relatives until you can get back on your feet . What should n't you prioritize paying ? Your credit cards . People say , "  But that will hurt my credit ... " Look , if you 're in a situation where there 's no money coming in and you have to decide between paying the mortgage and putting food on the table , chances are your credit is already damaged . Once you get organized financially , it 's time to job hunt . Looking for work is a full-time job and you need an action plan . Start by reviewing your list of contacts , but understand that people do n't like to be called and asked if there 's a job . But they do love to give advice that may lead to a job opportunity . Visit in person with your contacts if possible . I 'm also a big believer in networking groups and unemployment support groups . Networking for jobs has become something of a lost art in our country because people think the Internet replaces everything else . It does n't . However , there are ways to use the Internet to hook up with powerful networking groups . There 's even a new organization called LaidOffCamp that is like a free day camp for the underemployed . According to the movement 's Web site , it 's "  an ad-hoc gathering of unemployed and nontraditionally employed people  including freelancers , entrepreneurs and startups  who want to share ideas and learn from each other . " You never know whom you might meet . When you are job hunting on the Internet , be sure to check out screen-scraper sites like SimplyHired and Indeed.com . They 're both "  one-stop shops " that collect content from all the traditional job sites such as Monster and Yahoo! HotJobs , plus the career pages of individual company sites . In addition , The Boston Globe recently recommended several specialty sites when you 're looking for work in a specific field . BioSpace.com is geared toward the science and biotechnology fields ; Idealist.org focuses on the nonprofit charity world ; and for those who are 50 years or older , there 's a site called WorkForce50.com . In the course of your job search , you may find that you need money immediately and ca n't sit around waiting for a job offer to materialize . In that case , certain skill sets -- Web design , programming , marketing and videography , to name a few -- lend themselves to consulting work or freelancing on a project . The Internet also offers a variety of sites that match freelancers up with employers . A recent article in The San Francisco Chronicle suggested ELance.com , oDesk.com , Guru.com and crowdSPRING.com as starting points . And if you can afford it after all of your necessities , it 's always a great idea to keep your mind sharp by taking classes to improve your skills or learn new ones . You can never be too smart .	Clark says you 're going to need to apply for unemployment insurance You need to know which debts to prioritize , which to neglect if your money runs out Clark suggests you join networking and unemployment support groups With certain skills , try consulting work or freelancing on a project
CNN  -- Two big piles of cash , one at a grave site and another at a home , have been recovered by Pittsburgh police and are believed to be part of the $ 2 million an armored truck driver allegedly stole after killing his partner . Kenneth Konias Jr. remains on the run after he allegedly shot Michael Haines in the head last month , according to a law enforcement source familiar with the investigation who declined to be named . About $ 24,000 was found at Konias ' grandmother 's grave site on Wednesday , the source said . More than $ 200,000 was found at his home Tuesday . Konias is believed to be in possession of at least three handguns and is thought to be within the United States , said Pittsburgh Police Commander Thomas Stangrecki . An FBI task force is participating in the hunt , employing social media to tap into a wider audience and gather information . According to the criminal complaint , a witness heard a gunshot coming from an armored truck carrying deposits around 1 p.m. ET on February 28 . Surveillance video shows the vehicle in the parking lot where the shot was overheard . The truck was later discovered under a Pittsburgh bridge by the company 's employees and two police detectives . Haines was found dead inside , authorities said . Authorities say Konias called a friend and his mother in the minutes after the shooting . "  I f *** ed up , " Konias told his friend , according to the criminal complaint . "  My life is over . " Pressed to explain , Konias admitted he had killed someone , according to the complaint . CNN can not independently verify the account . His mother , Renee Konias , told police that she had received a "  strange call " from her son , less than an hour after the shooting , asking to speak to his father , but she informed him that he would have to call the house to reach him . Police said that when his mother attempted to call him back , Konias answered once and hung up abruptly and then did not answer at all . His cell phone was later recovered by police . According to the complaint , Konias ' father said he saw his son drop off a blood-spattered work jacket at his home . Konias is accused of criminal homicide , theft of the victim 's gun and robbery of the cash inside the armored vehicle . The armored truck company , Garda Cash Logistics , is offering a reward of up to $ 100,000 for any information leading to the arrest and conviction of Konias . He was last seen driving a champagne-colored 2006 Ford Explorer with Pennsylvania license plate GZW-4572 . Police say the man should be considered armed and dangerous and are asking anyone with information to call the Pittsburgh Homicide Office at 412-323-7161 or to call 911 . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report	Kenneth Konias Jr. remains on the run , suspected in slaying About $ 24,000 was found at Konias ' grandmother 's grave site More than $ 200,000 was found at his home Tuesday Konias , who drove an armored truck , is accused of shooting his partner
CNN  -- China made history Saturday when it launched a spacecraft sending the nation 's first female astronaut in space . The Shenzhou-9 launched Saturday afternoon , carrying Liu Yang and two male astronauts , Jing Haipeng and Liu Wang . State media aired the launch held at a satellite center in Jiuquan . Liu , 33 , was the deputy head of a flight unit in the nation 's air force , according to China 's Xinhua news agency . Chinese women push for a place in space She is a veteran pilot with 1,680 hours of flying experience , and excelled in space testing after two years of training . If all goes well , the Shenzhou-9 will dock with China 's orbiting space laboratory , making the nation the third after the United States and Russia to complete a manned space docking . Participation of women in space will aid training , improve flight crew equipment and expand knowledge on the physical and psychological effects of space on women , said Wu Ping , a spokeswoman for China 's manned space program . China rockets forward in race to moon "  It will also further expand the social impact of human space missions and showcase the positive image of Chinese women , " Wu said before the launch . "  As a woman , I am eagerly looking forward to this flight with a female astronaut . " China has big aspirations for its program and hopes to build a space station and conduct a manned mission to the moon . The orbiting Tiangong-1 space lab module was launched into space in September , and two months later it successfully completed China 's first space docking with an unmanned spacecraft , Shenzhou-8 , according to Xinhua news agency .	Liu Yang becomes China 's first woman in space China aims to be third nation to perform a space docking China aspires to build a space station and conduct a manned mission to the moon
Is the era of 5G connectivity upon us ? The government in South Korea says so , and it 's sinking $ 1.5 billion into upgrades it says will make mobile communications there 1,000 times faster than they are today . But not so fast . Literally , not so fast . As was the case when smartphones and other mobile devices first started having 4G slapped on them , the term 5G is as much a marketing slogan as anything else -- at this point , anyway . And if technophiles in the United States are hoping Korea 's announcement means warp-speed data connections are coming their way in the near future , they 're going to be disappointed . Regardless of the network 's capabilities , any wireless carrier wanting to take advantage of them also would need costly upgrades to their systems . Users would have to purchase new devices that could access it . And even then , there 's no guarantee that Netflix or similar companies would make their own data available at speeds that live up to the Korean government 's tantalizing vision of an entire movie downloading in a single second . All that said , do n't count Korea out . Arguably the most wired country in the world , South Korea has led in mobile adoption since the 1990s . "  We helped fuel national growth with 2G services in the 1990s , 3G in the 2000s and 4G around 2010 . Now it is time to take preemptive action to develop 5G , " the nation 's science ministry said . "  Countries in Europe , China and the US are making aggressive efforts to develop 5G technology ... and we believe there will be fierce competition in this market in a few years . " A worldwide high of 82.7 % of South Koreans use the Internet , and 78.5 % of the nation 's population is on smartphones . Narrow that down to 18-24 year olds and it 's dangerously close to full saturation -- 97.7 % . The science ministry 's plan is realistically measured . A trial 5G network is due to be rolled out in 2017 , with full rollout in 2020 . The country 's telecom companies , as well as native mobile companies Samsung and LG , are on board and plan to be ready to take advantage of the network , according to the government statement . Eventually , of course , 5G will hit the U.S. and elsewhere . Remember , the difference between 3G and 4G and 5G is somewhat semantic . Significantly upgrade what we have now and you can add a number before the G . But we 'll no doubt be behind . Korea 's compact geography and existing wireless infrastructure mean that upgrades can happen faster and cheaper , and will reach more of the population than in geographically spread-out countries like the United States . The increasing number of smartphones and tablets used in the United States is already beginning to tax existing communications networks . Add an emerging wearable tech trend and connected appliances like smart thermostats , refrigerators and smoke detectors , and experts expect the U.S. will need a serious upgrade by 2020 as well . Each generation of network technology has enabled a new set of features : 2G was about voice , 3G was about data and 4G is about video . 5G is expected to be about creating intelligent networks that can handle those billions of connected devices .	South Korea says they 're spending $ 1.5 billion on a "  5G " network The term is mostly a slogan for now , but the tech will come The nation 's science ministry promises new network in 2020 Cellular networks in the U.S. likely will linger behind
CNN  -- Selfies are everywhere . Even Indonesian macaques are getting into the game . In 2011 , two of these Old World monkeys borrowed photographer David J. Slater 's camera and reportedly snapped some pictures of themselves . One of the selfies by a female macaque has since gone viral , making its way to Wikipedia 's free-to-use website . Slater asked the site to take down the photo , but Wikipedia asserts the photo is uncopyrightable because animals ca n't own copyrights . It raises two interesting questions : First , can a monkey even acquire copyright in a selfie ? Second , can a human acquire copyright in a monkey 's selfie ? It 's a depressing idea , that the terabytes of gratuitous selfies snapped by vapid 20-somethings -- serving no other artistic purpose than showing off their outfit or their abs on Instagram -- would be entitled to copyright protection . Meanwhile , a one-of-a-kind "  selfie " by a downright adorable monkey , might not be entitled to protection . But the law -- international and domestic -- is full of grim irony . In the United States , to qualify for copyright protection , a work  the photograph  must meet three criteria : 1  It must be fixed in a tangible medium : No problem here . Photographs are a classic example of fixation in a tangible medium , just like paint on a canvas or doodles in a textbook . This is easily satisfied by our simian . 2  It must be "  original . " The Supreme Court has observed that this means possessing a shred of creative spark , no matter how crude , humble or obvious it might be . There 's an important distinction to be made here , however : Animals might be capable of original works , but mere works of nature can not qualify . A tortoiseshell or an ostrich egg is created by a living creature , and may be more symmetrical and aesthetically pleasing than many of the wacky sculptures gracing our federal buildings . But they are the result of survival or procreation , not a creative choice . Therefore , these animal creations are not original -- at least under copyright law . On the other hand , some animals do express themselves creatively , and with that minimal degree of creativity required by the law . It 's just hard to say where we draw the line on the evolutionary scale . A finger-painting gorilla is likely expressing originality , but if you dip a beetle in ink and let him walk around on paper , is the beetle showing his creative spark ? Or is he simply trying to flee ? Overall , originality is a low threshold , and probably satisfied by the macaque 's selfie . It 's also a purely academic discussion , because while some animals ' work may be original , unfortunately for aspiring macaques , no animal can ever be an "  author . " Which brings us to ... 3  The work must have an "  author . " In the U.S. , the term "  authorship " implies that the work must owe its origin to a human being . Materials produced solely by nature , by plants , or by animals are not copyrightable . Similarly , in the UK , an author must be a "  person . " The bottom line is that monkeys may create works of art , but those works can not qualify for copyright protection . So , can humans acquire rights in works created by animals ? One view would be that  a  if animals are your property , and  b  they create property , then  c  the property of your property is also your property . A dairy farmer owns the egg laid by a chicken ; kittens become the property of the owner of the cat that birthed them . Unfortunately for the photographer here , copyright ownership does not work the way ownership does on the farm . Because the monkey can not create a copyrightable work , that work can never be copyrightable . On the other hand , if the photographer takes a work by an animal and turns it into an ink-blotted , Andy Warhol-inspired piece of pop art , then he acquires rights in the new creation . But in the case of a monkey 's selfie by itself , that photograph immediately and forever falls into the public domain , and can be used by anyone , without permission . Society 's view of animals has certainly evolved over the years . In fact , it has evolved so much that it creates public confusion . The concept of "  animal rights " is a compassionate one , but it also runs counter to our current legal view of animals . Animal lovers routinely ascribe human qualities to their beloved pets , and animal rights activists will burn a columnist in effigy for daring to suggest that a dog should n't vote or drive a bus . For now , whether you consider monkeys to be property or peer , their pictures can not qualify for protection in the Copyright Office . In the case of copyright , that which is created by Mother Nature , is owned by Mother Nature -- which is to say it is owned , not by one of us , but all of us .	Danny Cevallos : Photog whose camera used in viral monkey selfie wants it off Wikipedia Photo is uncopyrightable , says Wikipedia because animals ca n't own copyright . But can they ? U.S. copyright law holds work must be in tangible medium , be original and have author Cevallos : Animals are n't authors . This selfie does n't qualify for copyright protection
The Gulf 's three major airlines have spent the week topping up their fleets with record-breaking plane orders . In doing so , they begged the question : who 's going to fly all those new planes ? "  We estimate that we 'll need around 6,000 pilots by 2020 , depending on new delivery timings and old aircraft retirement , " says Nabil Al Boom , a captain and deputy national cadet pilot manager for Emirates Airlines . In fitting with its recent order and general expansion plan , the airline plans to build a suitably large , dedicated flight training academy in the empty desert near the new Al Maktoum airport . Al Boom says he expects it to take 400 cadets each year on a three-and-a-half-year program that is aimed at turning local Emiratis into some of the best pilots in the world . "  It is very rewarding to see someone who you 've almost taken off the street in their dish-dash years later with their stripes on their shoulders , " he says . Emirates is n't the only airline on the lookout . The Professional Aviation Board of Certification estimates that 450,000 new pilots will need to be trained by 2020 , with 184,000 in the Asia Pacific region alone . Read more : The Middle East 's luxury jet market With so many positions up for grabs , some believe the time is ripe for women to enter the cockpit . Though the region can sometimes take a traditionalist stance on women in the workplace , some female pilots have already started paving the way . "  When I told my parents I wanted to be a pilot , oh my , that was a complete ` no-no ' , " says 26-year-old Alia Twal , a first officer for Royal Jordanian Airlines . It took a year for Twal to convince her father . Since then , she has n't looked back . At the age of 21 , she became a flight instructor , and now holds the position of governor of the Arabian chapter of The Ninety-Nines , the International Organization of Women Pilots , which , alas , only has 36 members . Not surprisingly , women continue to be underrepresented in the industry , not just in the Middle East , but globally . Women only account for 5 % of members of the Air Line Pilots Association -- the trade organization that represents pilots at U.S. and Canadian carriers . According to Twal , there are only 20 female pilots in all of Jordan  paltry , given the country 's population boasts 6.3 million  . While Twal says attitudes in Jordan are changing for the better , she admits her gender can prove a barrier , especially when she 's charged with training less experienced pilots who are both older , and male . Read more : Meet the world 's fastest man "  They would not be happy , but then you have to find a way to give your message , make a joke for example , so they look at you as a human and not as a woman , " she says . Kristina Tervo is also helping women in the region to get their wings . As an instructor for Air Arabia , she estimates there is on average one female for every 20 cadets . She 's hoping that will change one day . As vice president of the Middle East chapter of Women in Aviation , she 's seen a great deal of potential during school visits and at talks . "  We 're keen to get more women into the industry , and what we 're seeing is very encouraging , " she says . "  Ultimately it should n't matter who is flying the plane . " Twal agrees : "  The plane does not know who is flying her . We are all equal . -LSB- The Ninety-Nines -RSB- are trying to give women a chance to create a change and have a voice ; I believe every woman is a hero , whatever she does . "	450,000 new pilots will need to be trained by 2020 With so many spots up for grabs , some think the time is ripe for women to enter the cockpit In the Middle East , there is about one female cadet for every 20 male
CNN  -- The two-match ban imposed on Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney for swearing in front of a television camera has been upheld by the English Football Association  FA  after an appeal by the player that the punishment was excessive was rejected . The decision means the England international -- who scored United 's only goal in a 1-0 Champions League quarterfinal victory against Chelsea on Wednesday -- will now miss a crunch domestic cup semifinal against city rivals Manchester City on April 16 as well as Saturday 's English Premier League clash with Fulham . The ban was initially imposed by the FA after Rooney shouted expletives directly in front of a TV camera during his hat-trick celebration in a 4-2 league win against West Ham last Saturday . The 25-year-old said his outburst had been provoked by "  continuous verbal abuse from West Ham supporters . " But in an official statement released on Thursday , the FA said : "  Rooney had admitted a charge for the use of offensive , insulting and/or abusive language , but claimed that the automatic penalty of two games was clearly excessive . "  The commission did not accept the claim and Rooney will begin the standard two-match suspension with immediate effect . " In a statement issued through his spokesman Ian Monk to CNN , Wayne Rooney said he was "  gutted " to miss two matches . "  I am not the first player to have sworn on TV and I wo n't be the last , " the statement read . "  Unlike others who have been caught swearing on camera , I apologized immediately and yet I am the only person banned for swearing . "  That does n't seem right . I have to accept that what 's happened has happened and move on from here , " Rooney added . Manchester United also issued a statement on their official website expressing disappointment in the FA 's decision to uphold the ban . "  The club put forward a very strong case to have the punishment reduced , which was unsuccessful , " the statement read . "  Wayne Rooney apologized immediately after the match and the club now wishes to move to on to what hopefully will be a very exciting conclusion to the season . " The FA 's decision came a day after soft drink company Coca-Cola announced they planned to discontinue their $ 980,000-a-year  # 600,000  contract with the footballer . "  Our contract with Wayne Rooney came to an end last year and we mutually agreed that we would not renew our relationship . We 're really proud of the work we 've done with Wayne over the years -LSB- and -RSB- we wish Wayne well in his career , " Coke told CNN in a statement . However , Rooney will be eligible to play in Tuesday 's second-leg Champions League quarterfinal against Chelsea at Old Trafford and in the Premier League match against Newcastle on April 19 .	FA upholds Wayne Rooney 's two-match ban for swearing in front of a TV camera The ban means Rooney will miss Man Utd 's FA Cup semifinal against Man City on April 16 The England striker and Man Utd both expressed disappointment in the FA 's verdict Rooney will be eligible to play in the Champions League second leg against Chelsea on Tuesday
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Tensions rippled through Pakistan 's tribal region Saturday as three drone strikes killed 18 people and the government continued to block a NATO supply route into Afghanistan . Pakistani intelligence officials said 10 people died in one drone strike targeting a militant hideout , four people died when a vehicle was struck , and four others were killed when another hideout was targeted . All three occurred in the Data Khel area of North Waziristan . The intelligence officials did not want to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . While the United States is the only country in the region of Pakistan and Afghanistan known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones -- which are controlled remotely -- U.S. officials normally do not comment on suspected drone strikes . Saturday 's attacks come amid an uptick in drone strikes in Pakistan as insurgents fighting in Afghanistan have taken refuge across the border . At Torkham , the main border crossing in Pakistan 's Khyber district , queues of trucks and tankers formed at the border crossing , officials said . The supplies are all-important for the NATO-led war effort in Afghanistan . Pakistan halted the convoys Thursday after officials blamed cross-border NATO helicopter fire for the deaths of three Pakistani soldiers . A senior Pakistani government official in Khyber told CNN on Saturday that NATO supplies are still not allowed to enter in Afghanistan and does n't know when the main route for supplying 152,000 U.S. and NATO forces will open again . "  We were asked by our seniors to block these supplies until further orders and we ca n't allow it to go until we receive orders from our seniors , " the official said . A senior security official in the northwestern city of Peshawar also confirmed that convoys were suspended for third day but said negotiations to solve the problem continued . NATO said aircraft had entered Pakistani airspace Thursday in self-defense and killed "  several armed individuals " after the crews believed they had been fired at from the ground . It was the fourth such strike this week by NATO helicopters pursuing militants into Pakistani territory in actions that have been condemned by the government . The Pakistani government said it was investigating Thursday 's incident in the Kurram district of the northwestern tribal belt , which Washington has branded as a militant hub .	NEW : Pakistan continues to block the border crossing The attacks come amid an increase in drone strikes in Pakistan The strikes occurred in Pakistan 's tribal region
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal is looking forward to renewing his "  special " tennis rivalry with Roger Federer in the semifinals of the Masters Series event in Miami on Friday . The duo , who have won 110 ATP Tour titles between them , will meet on U.S. soil for the first time since 2005 -- which was also the last year they clashed at the last-four stage of a tournament , the French Open . Nadal battled past Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych in Thursday 's second quarterfinal after No. 3 Federer received easy passage when Frenchman Gilles Simon retired with a neck injury while 3-0 down in the opening set . Nadal was beaten by Federer in five sets in the 2005 Miami final , having stunned the Swiss as a 17-year-old in the third round of the same event the previous year . Since then Nadal has won 13 of their 20 clashes -- 12 of them in finals . "  Very few times we 've played in the semifinals of a tournament . The rest of the matches are finals and important for big titles , " the Spaniard told the ATP website . Boxer Haye tips Murray to fight back "  It 's always special to play against him and have these matches , very important matches for both of our careers : finals of Roland Garros , finals of Wimbledon , of Australian Open , a lot of finals in Masters 1000s . "  That makes the rivalry very , very special . I do n't know if rivals in the rest of the history of tennis played as many matches as we 've played . " Nadal will go into the showdown troubled by a worrying problem in his right arm , which affected his movement in the 6-2 3-6 6-3 win over last year 's runner-up Berdych -- who he also beat in the 2010 Wimbledon final . "  First time in my life I felt something like this , it 's really strange . Especially since the left arm I could do aggressive movements , but the right was really strange . Seriously , I could n't understand during the match what happened , " the two-time Miami runner-up said . Federer , also the 2006 champion at Crandon Park , has a 5-2 advantage over Nadal in hard-court events . "  I think in the beginning , early on in my career when I became the world No. 1 , I did n't really have that rival , and I was very happy about it , " the 16-time grand slam champion said . Tired Clijsters crashes out in Miami "  I was just able to win , win , win , and dominate and go on and lose , you know , 10 matches in two years kind of thing . That was quite incredible . So in the beginning I guess I struggled to embrace the rivalry I had with Rafa . "  Only later on I was able to say , ` This is actually quite cool . ' Sleeveless , pirate pants , you name it -- long hair , lefty , spins , more with the flat shots and so forth , and double-handed against one-handed , lefty against righty . I think it all kind of made sense , and I was able to embrace it then . "  I think we had some good times in the past , and they have changed into what it is today . Really respectful and helping each other for good causes , foundation matches , you name it , for tsunamis . We 've done so many things together . It 's been a lot of fun . " The winner of the Nadal-Federer tie is likely to face a player who is threatening to end their dominance of the men 's game , Novak Djokovic . The Serbian is unbeaten in 22 matches this year , and defeated both icons on his way to victory at Indian Wells last time out . His semifinal win over Federer in the California desert lifted him to second in the rankings , and he will be seeking his second Miami title if he can beat new American No. 1 Mardy Fish for the sixth successive time in Friday 's opening semifinal . In the women 's event , two-time runner-up Maria Sharapova will play 2009 champion Victoria Azarenka in Saturday 's final . Sharapova , who will return to the top-10 for the first time since 2009 following her recent run of good results , avenged her Australian Open defeat by Germany 's Andrea Petkovic . The Russian triumphed 3-6 6-0 6-2 , winning 11 games in a row after losing the first set . "  I 'm really happy I 'm back in the finals here , " the 2005 and 2006 losing finalist said of her first Miami outing in four years . "  I 'm almost lucky to be here . I had a tough one the other night and another three-setter today . Andrea has been playing the best tennis of her career and beat some good players here , so I was really happy I was able to change things around after losing the first set . " Eighth seed Azarenka of Belarus followed up her win over defending champion Kim Clijsters with a 6-3 6-3 win over Vera Zvonareva that ended the Russian 's hopes of reclaiming the No. 2 ranking from the Belgian this weekend . Azarenka reached her 12th career WTA final , and will be seeking her sixth title .	Rafael Nadal reaches semifinals in Miami , beating 2010 runner-up Tomas Berdych World No. 1 will face his old rival Roger Federer in last four for first time since 2005 Two-time Miami winner Federer has easy progress as Gilles Simon retires injured Maria Sharapova will face 2009 champion Victoria Azarenka in women 's final
CNN  -- Notes left behind by film director Tony Scott did not provide a motive for why he may have taken a suicidal plunge Sunday , a Los Angeles County coroner 's spokesman said Friday . The notes also did not mention any illnesses , diseases or other health issues , Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said . He would not provide additional details about what was written in the notes . His death had led to reports that the British director suffered from inoperable brain cancer . His family has disputed such reports . Scott , best known for the films "  Top Gun " and "  Beverly Hills Cop II , " apparently committed suicide by jumping from the Vincent Thomas Bridge in San Pedro , California , about 12:30 p.m. Sunday , said Lt. Joe Bale of the coroner 's office . Scott , 68 , wrote two notes before his death , including a message left in his Los Angeles office that was apparently for family members , a coroner official said this week . The second note , detailing contact information for authorities investigating his death , was found in his Toyota Prius parked nearby , the official said . It will be weeks before the findings of a Monday autopsy are made public , the coroner 's office said Tuesday . "  Our examination is complete , and we will be working towards a comprehensive document once we close the case , " Winter said Tuesday . An ABC report Monday suggested the director was scripting his own death after being told by a doctor that he was dying of inoperable brain cancer . The network did not name the source of its information . "  I did talk to the family ... and according to his wife , he did not have brain cancer as reported , and  she  does not know who told ABC that information , which is absolutely false , " Winter said . Coroner , family dispute cancer report Scott 's unexplained death shocked the Hollywood stars who worked with him on a long list of successful movies over the past three decades . Denzel Washington , who starred in several Scott-directed thrillers -- including 2010 's "  Unstoppable " -- said it was "  unfathomable to think that he is now gone . " "  He had a tremendous passion for life and for the art of filmmaking and was able to share this passion with all of us through his cinematic brilliance , " he said . Born Anthony D.L. Scott in North Shields , England , in 1944 , the director got his start as a teenager in front of the camera , starring in his older brother Ridley Scott 's film "  Boy and Bicycle . " In 1995 , the two joined forces to create the production company Scott Free Productions . Tony Scott became a household name in 1986 as director of the mega-hit "  Top Gun , " starring Tom Cruise and Kelly McGillis . He followed that up with the Eddie Murphy action movie "  Beverly Hills Cop II " in 1987 . Opinion : An unstoppable Hollywood force Both Cruise and Murphy released statements mourning the loss of their director . "  Tony was my dear friend and I will really miss him . He was a creative visionary whose mark on film is immeasurable . My deepest sorrow and thoughts are with his family at this time , " Cruise said . Murphy described Scott as a "  wonderful collaborator " and said he will be missed . Pepperdine University film professor Craig Detweiler called Scott "  the supreme stylist " who "  operated at the top of his game throughout each decade of his career . " "  He was able to make the thinnest of premises into something pulse-pounding and exciting , and he 's almost a filmmaker as a magician who found drama amidst almost contrived situations , " he said . Taking his own life by jumping from a bridge is "  a high-adrenaline ending , which matches his dramatic style , " Detweiler said . "  He put Denzel Washington , Will Smith and Tom Cruise in movies where one man overcomes all struggles , triumphs over struggles , and yet it appears he was not able to write that story for himself , " he said . Tony Scott : An appreciation Actor Michael Rapaport , who was directed by Scott in "  True Romance , " took to Twitter to praise the director . In one post , he said there has n't been a day since the movie was released in 1993 that someone does n't tell him how much they loved the film . "  Tony Scott was a sweet enthusiastic & lovin man , " Rapaport wrote . Scott cemented his reputation for big-budget action films with 1990 's "  Revenge " starring Kevin Costner and "  Days of Thunder " with Cruise . In 1998 , he directed "  Enemy of the State " with actors Smith and Gene Hackman . It was on the set of "  Days of Thunder " where Scott met actress Donna Wilson , whom he married in 1994 . They had twin sons . Reaction to Scott 's death poured out Monday , with directors , actors and fans mourning the news . "  Being around you was always the ultimate experience -- intensity , vitality and celebration . Pure rock and roll and great cigars . Your warmth and generosity was palpable to all us . You treated everyone with care and respect , " said actor Edgar Ramirez , who starred in Scott 's 2005 film "  Domino . " "  You always focused on the subtleties , taking the best out of us . I am proud to be your friend , and although I wo n't be seeing you for a while , you will live on in the laughter of our memories of you . " "  Tony Scott as a friend and a mentor was irreplaceable . Tone , wherever you are , I love you man . RIP , " director and producer Joe Carnahan said on Twitter . Carnahan recounted how when his movie "  The Grey " was finished , Scott called to tell him he had seen it . He told Carnahan it was great and not to allow anybody to change anything in it . "  Tony always sent personal , handwritten notes & always drew a cartoon caricature of himself , smoking a cigar , with his hat colored in red , " Carnahan said in a post . Scott directed his last film , the train thriller "  Unstoppable " starring Washington , in 2010 . "  For me , it was the most challenging movie of my life , and the most dangerous because I 'm shooting 90 percent of the movie on a train that is running between 50 and 70 mph , " Scott said at the time . Opinion : Tense films for jittery times Scott 's reputation in Hollywood was low-key . "  He was n't a showy kind of guy , " longtime entertainment reporter Jeanne Wolf said . Scott was often seen sporting a frayed , faded red ball cap on movie sets and at red carpet premieres . The ball cap , Wolf said , was his trademark . While Scott 's movies garnered box office success , they never received the acclaim that generated Academy Award nominations . In 2002 , the Scott brothers won an Emmy for the television movie "  The Gathering Storm . " Scott also was nominated for the Emmy as a producer for the CBS drama "  The Good Wife . " "  So very , very sorry to hear of the death of Tony Scott , " actress Martha Plimpton , who appeared in "  The Good Wife , " said via Twitter . Among his last projects was serving as an executive producer on the TV miniseries "  Coma , " which is due to air this year . CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	The revelation comes from Los Angeles County coroner 's spokesman The notes left by Tony Scott also did not mention any health issues Scott died in a fatal plunge from a California bridge in an apparent suicide
As Egypt 's generals warned of potential chaos , thousands of civilians jammed Tahrir Square late Friday , eager to learn results of last week 's runoff election and see the country move away from military rule . The nation 's election commission delayed the release of the results Thursday to an unknown date , feeding speculation over whether Ahmed Shafik or Mohamed Morsi will prevail . There were conflicting reports on the website of the semiofficial news site Ahram Online . Shafik , the last prime minister under former Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak , will be named the country 's new president Sunday , Ahram reported on its English version Friday , citing several unnamed government sources . Shafik will be declared victor with 50.7 % of the vote , the news outlet said . But the site 's Arabic version quoted election commission officials as saying Morsi , the Muslim Brotherhood candidate , remained in the lead . There 's been no official confirmation from the leadership in Cairo . Both Shafik and Morsi have claimed they 've won the election . An electoral official said authorities are reviewing about 400 electoral violation reports submitted by the two candidates . Earlier Friday , Egypt 's military rulers said they wo n't reverse their widely deplored constitutional and judicial changes and warned politicians to keep a lid on election-related unrest . "  We will face anyone who will pose a challenge to the public and private sectors with an iron fist , " the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said . The country 's constitutional court dissolved the lower house of parliament last week , extending the military 's power and sparking accusations of a coup . The military council recently announced it had full legislative authority . The Muslim Brotherhood , the country 's largest Islamist group , was the dominant party in the parliament . Under an interim constitutional declaration , the military council retains the power to make laws and budget decisions until a new constitution is written and a new parliament elected . The declaration said Supreme Council members "  shall decide all matters related to military affairs , including the appointment of its leaders . " The president has the power to declare war , it says , but only "  after the approval " of the Supreme Council . In its statement , read on state TV by a military official , the Supreme Council said the judiciary is a pillar of Egyptian society . "  All decrees issued by the judiciary system must be respected and implemented because they represent the people . It will be considered a crime if anyone objects to the ruling or attempts to block its implementation , " the military said . It said the constitutional declaration was a "  necessity that the current situation posed in administrating the affairs of the nation during the critical current phase of our nation 's history . Whatever is issued from SCAF is based on the high interests of the nation , nothing else . " The military council said it does not favor one political entity over another and respects everyone 's "  rights for peaceful demonstrations that keep in consideration the high interests of the nation . " And it stresses the importance of self-restraint and respect for authority . It said announcements of unofficial presidential results are "  inexcusable " and sow political divisions . Both candidates have claimed victory in the runoff . The Supreme Council urged political entities to respect democracy and "  abstain from all possible acts that may descend the country into a full chaos . " Mubarak ruled Egypt with an iron hand and as a staunch ally of the United States , which gives the nation $ 1.3 billion a year in military aid . Egyptian reform leader Mohamed ElBaradei -- the former head of U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency and the winner of a Nobel Peace Prize -- said he 's been in close contact with the military council and the intelligence services on the one hand and Morsi on the other and has urged them to avoid a showdown . He said that if Shafik , seen as a candidate of the pro-Mubarak old guard , is declared the winner , "  we are in for a lot of instability and violence ... a major uprising . " He is n't as worried about a Morsi victory because Shafik supporters are unlikely to take their anger to the streets , he said . He described the current situation as "  a total , complete 100 percent mess . " Muslim Brotherhood lawmakers met with political leaders to discuss plans for a coalition to fight what they believe is a power grab by the military , according to the Facebook page of its Freedom and Justice Party . "  We will NOT accept this coup against democracy , " it said , adding that "  together , we will march on to complete the revolution . " More than 800 people died and 6,000 were wounded during the uprising that ended Mubarak 's 29-year rule in February 2011 . Mubarak and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , this month were convicted of ordering security forces to kill anti-government protesters and were given life terms . But other top aides -- as well as Mubarak 's two sons , who had been tried on corruption charges -- were acquitted .	Speculation increases on who won presidential runoff The military says all should abstain from acts that spur chaos The military criticizes the announcement of unofficial results Ahmed Shafik and Mohamed Morsi both have claimed victory
CNN  Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson had a way better weekend than you . The actor hosted "  Saturday Night Live " and rocked out in some memorable sketches , including a live-action "  Bambi " remake with some of the "  SNL " cast portraying actors from the "  Fast and Furious " franchise . "  Whan I was a boy , they took away my mother , " Johnson said in character as a muscle-bound , gun-wielding Bambi . "  And now it 's time for them to pay ... dearly . " He also transformed , Hulk-style , into "  The Rock Obama " in a sketch in which President Obama is angered by some members of Congress . The former professional wrestler spoofed the WWE in a promo on "  SNL . " But that was just a warmup to the actual Wrestlemania 31 on Sunday , when the Rock thrilled fans with a surprise appearance with UFC champion Ronda Rousey to take on WWE executives Stephanie McMahon and Triple H . The actor is the son of retired professional wrestler Rocky Johnson and wrestled under the name "  The Rock " for years before he transitioned to an acting career .	Dwayne Johnson hosted "  SNL " and appeared at Wrestlemania On "  SNL , " he played a gun-toting Bambi and a bulked-up Obama
CNN  -- With the 2010 World Cup being held in South Africa next year CNN takes a look at one of the greatest talents South African football has ever produced , Jomo Sono . Jomo Sono 's international career never took off because of South Africa 's exclusion from world football . Matsilela Ephraim Sono was born in 1955 in Soweto , but his career as an international player never got off the ground as South Africa were officially expelled by world governing body FIFA in 1976 during the apartheid regime in the country . The Black Prince , as he was known , made his mark as a player of legendary skill who was denied a world stage through circumstances beyond his control . Sono was a midfield general and renowned for his dribbling and accurate passing -- but it is difficult to say how he would have faired against the best players in the world as he was not given the opportunity . Watch CNN 's interview with Sono . "  He was one of the first South Africans to play overseas where he played for the New York Cosmos alongside Pele , " South African football writer Mo Allie told CNN . "  He played at a time when South Africa was internationally isolated so there was no opportunity for players to showcase their skills to the world . "  But he was fortunate in that he got the opportunity to go to the U.S. and he did very well there , playing alongside greats such as Pele . " After accomplishing everything that he set out to do at home club Orlando Pirates , Sono starred for the New York Cosmos , Colorado Caribous and Toronto Blizzard in the United States . On his return to South Africa after his retirement , Sono bought the Highlands Park Club in Johannesburg in 1982 and renamed it Jomo Cosmos in honor of his old team in New York , before becoming coach of the South African national side . "  So many of today 's South African players would have heard a lot about Jomo Sono but many would n't have seen him in action apart from a few snippets of TV highlights , " Allie added . "  They will identify more with him as a coach because he led the national side in the 1998 African Cup of Nations and took them to the 2002 World Cup finals . " Sono has proved to be as astute off the pitch as he was on it and has become a successful businessman , owning a number of companies around Johannesburg . And the current South African squad will be looking to carry on his footballing legacy when they attempt to become the first African team to win the World Cup next year .	Jomo Sono is one of the greatest footballers South Africa has ever produced Sono 's international career never took off because of South Africa 's exclusion He was major success at Orlando Pirates before playing in the United States Sono also coached South African national side to the 2002 World Cup finals
Atlanta  CNN  -- You 've probably seen the smoke-filled , glass-encased fishbowls that play host to smokers if you 've passed through some of the nation 's largest airports in recent years . Perhaps you 've cast a quick glance in its direction as you walked by , feeling contempt or maybe even a dash of pity for those poor slaves to a nasty habit . But if you 're a smoker with a mind to enter the fishbowl -- and many shudder at the thought -- you 're likely grateful for the consideration as you puff away , contributing to the collective cloud enveloping you . "  Is n't this nice ? " traveler Colleen Sherretta said of the concourse C smoking lounge at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport , as others cycled through the sliding automatic door , filling the room to capacity . A cool draft circulated musty air around the lounge , whose walls were unadorned except for a hole into which you could insert your cigarette for a light ; and a large window providing a view of the busy tarmac and a generous amount of natural light . Smoking lounges can be comforting to a group of people accustomed to being pushed to the fringes . If there 's one thing strangers in airport smoking lounges like to talk about , apart from tobacco price comparisons , it 's the fact that they 're in an airport smoking lounge . "  I 'm glad they have one , " Sherretta said cheerily during a recent midday connection from Savannah , Georgia , to Newark , New Jersey , as she stubbed out her Camel Blue . "  They do n't have these in Newark . " It 's true , smoking is not allowed anywhere inside the airports operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , including Newark International . Twenty-two of the nation 's 29 large-hub international airports are completely smoke-free inside the terminal , according to a Centers for Disease Control report released in November 2010 . The number of smoking lounges has decreased since 2002 , when less than half of the nation 's large-hub airports were smoke-free . But the 2010 report means that seven of the nation 's largest airports -- including the five busiest -- still allow smoking inside the terminals , as do several other smaller airports . There are websites and travel forums devoted to the topic . As long as smoking is legal in the United States , smoking lounges will continue to represent the tension between those who detest the addictive habit and those who ca n't quite rid themselves of it . "  As we 're learning more about the tremendous dangers of smoking , fewer people are willing to tolerate exposure to second-hand smoke , which leads to smokers being pushed to the periphery , " said licensed psychologist Clifford Lazarus . "  But it is a right , people can smoke just like they can drink and have guns , it 's just that the government is being a bit more controlling in terms of creating parameters in which people can engage in this marginalized behavior . " Public smoking policies tend to reflect the attitudes of the community , which means the fate of airport smoking lounges increasingly rests in the hands of their hometowns ' lawmakers . "  Airports are creatures of the community , " said Debby McElroy with Airports Council International . "  The decision as to whether to provide a smoking lounge in the terminal is based on the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction as well as the desires of the community . " Allegations that airport smoking policies are influenced by the tobacco lobby are not always untrue . The construction of Atlanta 's smoking lounges was funded by Philip Morris , according to documents on the University of California 's online Legacy Tobacco Documents Library . Smoking is not allowed in airports in New York and New Jersey , two of 25 states where smoking is banned in workplaces , restaurants and bars , compared to Georgia , where smoking laws vary from city to county . The same goes for regulations related to ventilation of designated smoking areas . "  We have four indoor smoking areas . Two designated smoking lounges and two restaurants that offer separate smoking areas , " said Laura Cole , spokeswoman for Denver International Airport in Colorado . "  All four are fully enclosed and DIA uses completely separate ventilated systems for the smoking areas . We believe that by using separate systems to ventilate the smoking lounges and the concourse we 're creating a second layer of protection from second-hand smoke . " But ventilation systems do not eliminate the hazards of second-hand smoke , a 2006 Surgeon General 's report found , leading public health advocacy groups to support a zero tolerance policy . "  We 're optimistic that the trend is still going toward 100 % smoke free , like the airlines . The question is who will be the last ? " said Cynthia Hallet , executive director of Americans for Nonsmokers ' Rights , a California-based lobbying group . "  The bottom line is this is a health issue . We know what smoking and second-hand smoke can do to us , and the safest policy is a smoke-free policy . " Hallet said she would like to "  see some leadership " on the issue from the nation 's busiest airport . Instead , Atlanta 's airport takes the lead in the number of airport smoking lounges , 11 spread out over 6 concourses , in the name of customer service . "  Hartsfield-Jackson provides designated , specially designed smoking lounges on each concourse for the convenience and comfort of our passengers who choose to smoke , " airport spokesman John Kennedy said in an e-mail . "  The Airport 's layout and design does not allow for outside smoking areas in the sterile concourses and the smoking lounges eliminate the need for passengers wishing to smoke to exit and then re-enter the secured areas , or seek other alternatives to smoke inside the Airport . " His comments were echoed by spokespeople from the six other airports with designated smoking areas beyond security  Denver International , Dallas-Fort Worth International , Las Vegas ' McCarren International , Charlotte-Douglas International , Washington Dulles International and Salt Lake City International  . Each said smoking lounges reduce incidents of people sneaking a puff in restricted areas , especially connecting passengers who do n't have the time to leave the building and go through security . Passengers who smoke agree . "  It 's a necessity for people who have long layovers , " a patron of Atlanta 's concourse B smoking lounge said in between long drags of a Marlboro Red from a tar-stained plastic cigarette holder . "  I do n't think they 'll ever go away . " The 60-year-old lifelong smoker from West Palm Beach , Florida , had a few hours to spare until his flight to Minneapolis , Minnesota , where smoking is also banned in bars , restaurants , workplaces and the airport . He was happy to wait among fellow smokers -- businessmen on their phones , soldiers discussing past and future deployments , chatty couples and the odd single woman fixing their makeup and reading celebrity gossip magazines . "  I love to people watch in here . You have all walks of life coming in here . Even though it 's not accepted by a majority of the public you see all walks of life in here . I also love to listen to the soldiers ' conversations . They really impress me . They 're so clean cut . I 'm surprised they smoke , " he said . Nonsmokers , however , think the era of the smoking lounge is nearing its end . "  It 's just disgusting . I can smell the smoke even though those doors are closed , " traveler Cathy Urchin said as she waited in line at Seattle 's Best Coffee , across from the smoking lounge . "  I used to smoke . Now I 'm just glad I live in Minnesota , where you ca n't smoke in bars or the airport , " she said . "  I think they 're becoming extinct . Or at least I hope they are . "	7 of nation 's 29 large-hub airports allow smoking in designated areas in terminals Airports with indoor smoking lounges say they want to accommodate passengers Airport smoking policies tend to reflect community values
CNN  The commanding officer of the U.S. Naval Station in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , has been relieved of duty "  due to loss of confidence " in his "  ability to command , " the Navy says . At issue is an allegation of an inappropriate relationship , a U.S. military official told CNN . Capt. John R. Nettleton has been temporarily reassigned to a post in Jacksonville , Florida , the Navy said in a statement released Wednesday . The Navy did not say why , withholding further details "  due to an ongoing NCIS  Naval Criminal Investigative Service  investigation . " But a U.S. military official said that in the course of investigating the death of a civilian , the Navy received information alleging that Nettleton was engaged in an inappropriate relationship with the civilian 's wife . According to the Miami Herald , Christopher Tur was found dead in the waters off Guantanamo Bay on January 11 . He had been a worker at the base commissary . Having an affair violates military law -- the Uniform Code of Military Justice -- and could in itself constitute grounds for Nettleton 's reassignment . There are initial indications that Tur 's death was a suicide , but no cause of death has yet been determined , according to one official with knowledge of the situation . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was asked about the story by reporters at the Pentagon on Thursday . He confirmed that Nettleton was no longer in command , but had no further comment . "  Well , the base commander has been relieved , " said Hagel . "  It is now in the purview of appropriate authorities . So , I wo n't have anything to say specifically about that , which would be inappropriate . But the commander has been relieved and that is right . " The Naval commander at Guantanamo Bay does not oversee the detention facility that President Barack Obama has vowed to close . Nettleton has been in charge since June 2012 . The decision to relieve him of his duties was made by Rear Adm. Mary M. Jackson , commander of Navy Region Southeast , the military said in a statement .	Capt. John R. Nettleton has been reassigned to Florida An inappropriate relationship is alleged , according to a U.S. military official
London  CNN  -- One British citizen was killed and another one was kidnapped overnight at a resort near Kenya 's border with Somalia , Britain 's Foreign Office told CNN Sunday . The attack occurred at a beach resort north of Lamu , Kenya , the foreign office said . A maritime security source aware of the situation said the victims were a couple and the husband was killed . His wife has likely been taken by Islamic militants by boat toward Ras Kamboni in Somalia , the source told CNN . "  We are working to secure the safe and swift release of the British national who has been kidnapped and ask those involved to show compassion and release the individual immediately , " the foreign office said in a statement . British officials did not release further details about the kidnapping case , but said they are working closely with Kenyan authorities . The office said it has amended its travel advice for Kenya in light of the attack . "  We continue to advise against all but essential travel to within 30 kilometers of Kenya 's border with Somalia . There have been previous attacks by Somali militia into Kenya , " the advisory said . CNN 's David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : Kidnapped British woman may have been taken to Somalia The killing and kidnapping attack occurred at a beach resort north of Lamu , Kenya The foreign office advises against travel near Kenya 's border with Somalia
CNN  -- The son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi early Monday proposed the speedy implementation of significant democratic reforms in the traditionally restrictive country , while warning of a chaotic civil war , return to colonialism and mass poverty if citizens sided with anti-government demonstrators . "  Tomorrow , we can speak rationally , we can spare the blood , we can stand all together for the sake of Libya , " Saif al-Islam Gadhafi said during a speech on Libyan state television that he said was unscripted . But if the unrest continues , "  forget about democracy , forget about reform ... It will be a fierce civil war . " While criticizing international media for overstating its extent , the younger Gadhafi acknowledged the violence in Libya as well as "  mistakes " by police and military in addressing unrest . Still , he principally blamed drunks , criminals and foreigners for fanning dissent and instigating attacks that threatened to tear apart Libya . Gadhafi : Libya 's flamboyant , mercurial ruler Eyewitnesses told CNN by phone about tear gas and gunfire targeting anti-government demonstrators in Tripoli , and claimed that -- after days of unrest that left at least 219 dead , according to medical sources -- opposition forces had taken over Benghazi . Saif Gadhafi did n't confirm that assertion , though he did call out anti-government elements for "  sedition . " Who is Saif al-Islam Gadhafi ? "  This is a national treason , " he said . "  Each one of us wants to be a leader , each one of us wants to be a prince . " Obtaining independent confirmation on events in Libya is very difficult . The Libyan government maintains tight control on communications and has not responded to repeated requests from CNN for access to the country . CNN has interviewed , however , numerous witnesses by phone . Saif Gadhafi , appointed in 2009 as Libya 's general coordinator , insisted his father , Moammar , was not like recently deposed Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali . He also said Libya was unlike those two countries , predicting that its civil war would be "  1,000 times worse " and its economic hardship even more severe should the current government fall . He conceded these are "  difficult times " and that "  there are people inside Libya who are opposing us . " Even while he cast blame , the leader 's son also acknowledged changing times regionally and proposed "  radical " reforms -- like bolstering local governments , relaxing restrictive laws , raising salaries , extending loans and drafting a constitution , which does n't now exist . Michele Dunne , an expert at the Carnegie Endowment for Peace , noted that the Western-educated Saif Gadhafi has pushed such reforms previously , but they have not gotten much traction . Meanwhile , eyewitnesses -- who are not being identified , for security reasons -- told CNN about significant movement and growing violence on Sunday , the sixth consecutive day of unrest in the isolated and reclusive North African nation . Medical sources and others on the ground have said that at least 219 had died nationwide in the violence . Saif Gadhafi , though , claimed in his speech that international media had overstated the death toll . He also claimed foreign nations and "  illegal immigrants " had stirred the uprising , with some dissenters attacking government installations as well as stealing caches of weapons . The central government lost control of Benghazi , with multiple witnesses reporting that protesters took over Libya 's second-largest city with support from some military who dropped their allegiance to Moammar Gadhafi . However , his son continued to insist the military remained loyal to the ruling government and would be taking an increasingly active role in suppressing unrest in the coming days . The reported power shift followed fresh clashes that left 25 dead earlier in the day , a doctor at Benghazi 's Al Jalla Hospital said . A source at Benghazi Medical Center , the city 's other major hospital , said there were 10 people dead there Sunday . One man told CNN that uniformed troops opened fire on thousands of mourners as they passed through the streets during a funeral procession honoring those killed the previous day . Protesters later Sunday packed at least one car with explosives and sent it crashing into a compound wall at a military camp in the eastern city , eyewitnesses said . Security forces then fired on the protesters as they attempted to breach the camp . On the camp 's southern side , meanwhile , protesters drove a tank from a nearby army base in another attempt to break in , witnesses said . They have also obtained other weapons , the protester said . Libyan state television reported the camp has been defended , and that protesters were being warned on loudspeakers not to attack the compound . The network called it an act of sabotage . The protester said that the military camp is significant because it houses Gadhafi 's eastern palace . "  It 's a symbol of his dominance here , " he said . "  And it 's the last symbol , basically . " A protester said some fellow anti-government demonstrators had other weapons . Saif Gadhafi alluded to this claim in his speech early Monday , claiming criminal elements had stolen weaponry and even fired them in an attempt to cast blame on military and security forces . People said there was a food shortage in parts of Benghazi . The internet remained down in the city and electricity was cut off for the second night in the row , but was back in the morning . One man , a technology expert who has set up cameras airing live online video streams around Benghazi , estimated that the numbers of anti-government demonstrators in the city has grown by 20 % since the protests began Tuesday . "  There are a lot of people getting killed for their freedom , " he said Sunday . "  Our goal is simple : We want Gadhafi to leave . We want freedom . ... We want democracy . " Others in Libya reported similar protests in the cities of al-Baida , Ajdabiya and significantly in Misratah -- an indication that the demonstrations centered in the east may be spreading west . Meanwhile , the most significant unrest to date hit Moammar Gadhafi 's doorstep of Tripoli on Sunday . Clashes broke out between a large crowd of demonstrators and people who appeared to be African mercenaries in the center of the city , according to an activist . Elsewhere , hundreds of protesters were demonstrating in front of the courthouse , the activist said . Both groups were calling for the downfall of the regime . A woman said she saw demonstrators running down a Tripoli street outside her window , chased by apparent mercenaries in pickup trucks . The Africans were firing at the demonstrators and throwing tear gas at them , according to the witness . Many families have closed their windows and turned off their lights out of fear , she said . Another witness said that crowds of anti-government demonstrators hit the streets and set cars on fire . Masked , armed men in SUVs drove through the streets blasting pro-government music , said the witness , claiming that the same people had been firing at protesters and passerby . Gunfire also rang out near Green Square and the presidential palace , according to multiple witnesses . Another man said that men were walking around Libya 's streets with automatic rifles early Monday , firing seemingly indiscriminately . The crackdown , as well as the government 's role and reaction to it , stoked the ire of many opposed to Moammar Gadhafi as well as governments outside Libya . Libya 's ambassador to the Arab League said Sunday he resigned his position on Saturday over "  the killing of innocent people . " Abdel Elhuni said the protesters are asking for "  normal things " and that Gadhafi is "  over , finished . " He speculated that the Libyan leader has only a day or two left in power because "  he lost the people . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague spoke on Sunday with Saif Gadhafi and "  made clear the U.K. 's grave concern at the escalation of violence , " the Foreign Office said in a statement . "  He expressed alarm at reports of large numbers of people being killed or attacked by Libyan security forces . The Foreign Secretary told Mr. Gadhafi that the Libyan government 's actions were unacceptable and would result in worldwide condemnation . " The United States also said it was "  gravely concerned with disturbing reports and images coming out of Libya . "  We are working to ascertain the facts , but we have received multiple credible reports that hundreds of people have been killed and injured in several days of unrest -- and the full extent of the death toll is unknown due to the lack of access of international media and human rights organizations , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said in a statement . U.S. officials have communicated to Libyan officials including Libyan Foreign Minister Musa Kusa "  our strong objections to the use of lethal force against peaceful demonstrators , " Crowley said . "  Libyan officials have stated their commitment to protecting and safeguarding the right of peaceful protest . We call upon the Libyan government to uphold that commitment and hold accountable any security officer who does not act in accordance with that commitment . " One man in Tripoli said was particularly angry at state-run TV for "  pretending that nothing is happening . " A medical staff member at Benghazi Medical Center was among those sharply critical of Saif Gadhafi 's speech , calling him a liar and saying -- disputing his assertion that Libya could split into several parts if not united under his father 's rule -- the nation was one . "  There are no divisions among Libyans , " the staff member said . "  We want to be united with our brothers and sisters ... All Libyans think this way , it is the regime that lacks knowledge about the people . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Yousuf Basil , Greg Botelho , Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report	NEW : Witnesses report gunfire , masked men blasting pro-Gadhafi music in Tripoli NEW : Death toll nationwide now up to at least 219 , medical sources say Moammar Gadhafi 's son says foreign media have overstated the violence in Libya Witnesses report that protesters aided by military have taken over Benghazi
Mental Floss  -- Over the centuries , people have had some very good reasons to dress up like a member of the opposite sex . And I 'm not talking about people who live this way out of personal preference , or those who dress up for theater and entertainment . Here are just five examples . 1 . Cross-dressing to join the army Until recently , women have rarely been allowed to serve as soldiers . So what was a gal to do if she wanted to serve her country ? Naturally , disguise herself as a man and join the troops . At least 400 Civil War soldiers were women in drag . These included Union Army soldier "  Frank Thompson "  also known as Sarah Edmonds  , whose small frame and feminine mannerisms  rather than causing suspicion  made her an ideal spy , as she could spy on the Confederates disguised as ... a woman ! She was n't the first woman to don a male disguise and join the army , though . During the Revolutionary War , women fought as men on both sides . Hannah Snell , for example , joined the British army to find her husband , who had walked out on her to enlist . Once her true sex was discovered  thanks to a pesky groin injury  , she became a national celebrity in Britain , and made a post-war career of performing in bars as the "  Female Warrior . " Mental Floss : The Confederacy 's plan to conquer Latin America 2 . Cross-dressing to keep a royal family together With all the power play that went on in the court , the French royal family would go to great lengths to avoid sibling rivalry . In one of the more extreme cases , Philippe I , Duke of Orleans  1640-1701  , was raised as a girl to discourage him from any political or military aspirations . This would make things easier for his brother , the future King Louis XIV . Philippe wore dresses and make-up , enjoyed traditionally feminine pursuits , and was even encouraged towards homosexuality . A girly man he might have been , but he married twice and even had a mistress . When necessary , he could even lead an army into battle .  This is the nation , after all , that gave us that famous cross-dresser Joan of Arc . A brave commander , he would go into battle wearing high heels , plenty of jewelry and a long , perfumed wig . One of his wives claimed that Philippe 's biggest fear when going into battle was not bullets , but the possibility of looking a mess . He avoided gunpowder  with the black smoke stains  and did n't wear a hat , to avoid ruining his hair . Mental Floss : 11 weird & wonderful wedding rings 3 . Cross-dressing to win Olympic glory Dressing in drag has been part of the Olympics  on and off  since ancient times , when women were banned from the bulk of the Games . The Greek historian Pausanias of Damascus said that if a spectator was uncovered as a woman in male disguise , she was duly escorted off the premises ... and thrown off a cliff . In later Games , the athletes started performing naked , and the crowd was also ordered to disrobe . It has been suggested that this was to ensure that they were all men . In the modern Olympics , there has been less disrobing -- and not much cross-dressing , either . Gender tests have been normal procedure since 1966  for athletes , not spectators  , so they could n't really get away with it . Before that time , one of the strangest -- and most controversial -- cases was Polish sprinter Stanislawa Walasiewicz  aka Stella Walsh  , who set 11 world records in her career , winning the 100-meter Olympic finals in 1932 with what one official described as "  long man-like strides . " After she died in 1980 , however , it was revealed that she had indeed been a man . So had he deliberately set out to fool everyone all that time ? Perhaps not . Walasiewicz had a condition known as "  mosaicism , " which gave her male chromosomes . Did they give her an unfair advantage ? It is difficult to say . However , if she tried out for the Olympics today , she would not be allowed to compete as a woman . Mental Floss : 13 medal-worthy Olympic stories 4 . Cross-dressing to commit espionage There have been many instances of cross-dressing spies  including Sarah Edmonds , mentioned above  , but one of the most impressive deceptions in history was carried out by Shi Pei-Pu , a singer with the Beijing Opera  in which , traditionally , all roles are played by men  . In 1964 he disguised himself as a woman to seduce Bernard Boursicot , an attache in the French Foreign Service . Their affair lasted 20 years  on and off  , during which Boursicot passed several official documents to Shi , believing that "  her " safety was at risk if he did n't participate . After they were separated in 1965 , Shi came back into Boursicot 's life by claiming to be pregnant , and even revealed a baby boy . They later lived as a family . The happy couple was eventually arrested for espionage in 1983 , and Shi 's secret was revealed , Crying Game style , to the stunned Boursicot . But how did they have this romance for so long without Bousicot knowing the truth ? Officially , they rarely made love , and always did it hurriedly and in darkness -- something that Boursicot always ascribed to Shi 's demure Chinese upbringing . One theory , however , is that he always knew the truth , but played dumb to conceal his homosexuality .  He later came out . The affair was the basis for the play "  M. Butterfly . " It was filmed in 1993 , starring Jeremy Irons and former Beijing Opera player John Lone  better known for the title role in the film "  The Last Emperor "  . 5 . Cross-dressing to get rowdy Hindu women in India have traditionally lived inhibited lives , tending the home for their families . But on one night each year , in the city of Jodhpur , they come to life at the so-called "  Festival of Fun . " Dressed as noblemen , complete with turbans and large fake mustaches , they walk the streets in gangs , brandishing sticks , beating any males who are foolish enough to be out there . The festival celebrates an ancient domestic dispute between the Hindu god Shiva and his wife Ganwar . While the women sing devotional songs asking the goddess to return to her husband , they also take this as their only opportunity to do what they long to do all year : behave like men . Their husbands , respecting the tradition , let them go wild . It sounds like fun  as long as you 're not a clueless male who forgot to stay at home that night  , but one thing concerns me : if a woman 's disguise is especially good , does she risk being mistaken for a man and beaten up by her friends ? For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Cross-dressers have : Spied , joined armies , won Olympic medals , been royalty At least 400 U.S. Civil War soldiers were women in drag Spy disguised himself as woman to seduce attache in French Foreign Service Hindu women in Jodhpur , India , "  go wild , " dressing as men once each year
Sunny , warm weather embraced London on Thursday amid last-minute preparations for the Summer Olympic Games , now less than 24 hours away . Crowds cheered on the Olympic torch as it wound its way past some of the capital 's most famous landmarks . The torch began its journey in Britain on May 19 at Land 's End , the most southwest point of England , and trekked through more than 1,000 cities , towns and villages in the United Kingdom . By the time it reaches the Olympic Stadium , 8,000 torchbearers -- both celebrities and residents alike -- will have carried it . Early Olympic football matches continued Thursday , with men 's teams playing a day after the women 's teams . Torch goes past palace , Big Ben Runners carried the golden-colored Olympic torch past iconic London landmarks Thursday as the torch relay got ever closer to the Olympic Stadium for Friday 's opening ceremony . Video : Secrets leaking about Olympic Games After the torch passed by the 300-year-old St. Paul 's Cathedral , wheelchair basketball player Ade Adepitan carried the flame across the Millennium Bridge over the River Thames . Crowds joined British Prime Minister David Cameron and his wife as the torch reached the doorstep of their Downing Street home . Next , the torch went past the Big Ben clock tower , carried by 81-year-old native Londoner Florence Rowe , who says she fondly remembers the excitement of the 1948 London Olympics . The last major stop was Buckingham Palace , where Prince William , his wife Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , and Prince Harry greeted the torchbearers . U.S. lawmakers remember Munich killings Sixteen members of the U.S. House of Representatives held a moment of silence Thursday to honor the 11 Israeli athletes killed at the 1972 Munich Olympics and urged Olympic leaders to hold a similar moment of silence at Friday 's opening ceremony . American Jewish leaders and the widow of one of the Israeli athletes have made a similar plea . The International Olympic Committee says it will honor the slain athletes at a ceremony in September for the 40th anniversary , but so far there are no plans for an official remembrance Friday . The Israeli athletes were killed after eight Palestinian terrorists disguised in track suits broke into the Olympic Village in Munich , demanding the release of 200 Arab inmates from Israeli prisons . Men 's football kicks off While the Games will officially begin with the cauldron lighting at ceremony Friday at Olympic Stadium , some events have already begun . Thursday saw the start of the men 's football competition , with global favorites Spain and Brazil playing , though not against each other . Spain , which won the European Championship this year and the last World Cup , suffered a surprising 1-0 defeat to Japan in one of eight games scheduled Thursday . Spain suffer shock defeat to Japan Brazil -- which , like Spain , is considered a likely contender to win Olympic gold -- beat Egypt 3-2 . Great Britain , playing football in the Olympics for the first time since 1960 , scored a 1-1 draw in its match against Senegal . Two notable absences are Argentina and the United States , neither of which qualified . WEDNESDAY RECAP : Border guards call off strike British border guards called off a planned strike . A strike would have been disastrous at a time when more than 100,000 people a day are arriving at London 's Heathrow Airport for the Games , and adequate security continues to be a concern . Read more : Is the Olympics worth more than Google ? The union representing the guards said it backed off after the government agreed to create more than 1,000 jobs in response to its demands . The Home Office , which employs border staff , said it made no concessions . North Korea walks off Wednesday was also a day of women 's football matches . North Korea 's team walked off the pitch before its clash with Colombia after the flag of neighboring country -- and archrival -- South Korea was mistakenly shown on Hampden Park 's big screen as it displayed player profiles . Organizers issued a hasty apology , and the team returned to start the game an hour later . It won 2-0 . "  Clearly this is a mistake , we will apologize to the team and the national Olympic committee and steps will be taken to ensure this does not happen again , " organizers said in a statement . Read more : The 10 strangest Olympic sports In other women 's football matches , Team Great Britain gave the host nation a rousing start to the festivities with a 1-0 victory over New Zealand in front of 25,000 fans -- the biggest attendance for a women 's international match in Britain . Defending champion Team USA beat France 4-2 . Current FIFA Women 's World Cup holder Japan won its opening match against Canada 2-1 , while Brazil thumped Cameroon 5-0 and Sweden beat South Africa 4-1 . Greek athlete sent off In the day 's other controversy , Greek athlete Paraskevi Papachristou was expelled from the country 's Olympic team for posting an offensive comment about African immigrants on Twitter . "  With so many Africans in Greece , the mosquitoes from the West Nile will at least be eating some homemade food , " she said on Twitter . The Hellenic Olympic Committee ruled Papachristou , a triple jumper , would be barred , saying , "  She made a mistake but it was serious . It was unforgivable . " Papachristou apologized , calling the comment an "  unfortunate and tasteless joke . " Read more : How to avoid London 's Olympic rush	London has sunny , warm weather The torch goes past Big Ben and other London landmarks U.S. lawmakers hold a moment of silence for the slain Israeli athletes Spain suffers a shock defeat as men 's football kicks off
CNN  -- President Obama on Saturday urged a thorough investigation into a deadly explosion at a West Virginia coal mine that killed 29 people , hours after rescue efforts at the mine gave way to an operation to recover the dead . "  This has been America 's worst mining disaster in forty years , and the toll on all West Virginians has been immeasurable , " Obama said of Monday 's blast at the Upper Big Branch mine . "  We can not bring back the men we lost . What we can do , in their memory , is thoroughly investigate this tragedy and demand accountability . " Obama 's statement came just hours after rescue efforts came to a grim end after crews found the bodies of the last four miners unaccounted for in the explosion . Twenty-five people were previously announced dead . "  My thoughts and prayers are with the families of all those who were lost in this tragic accident , and my gratitude goes out to the rescue teams who worked so tirelessly and heroically to search for the missing , " Obama said in his statement . The death toll makes the West Virginia mining disaster the worst in the U.S. since 1972 , when 91 miners were killed in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho . Of the 29 dead in the West Virginia blast , the bodies of 22 remain inside the mine . The cause of the blast is unknown , and state and federal officials have pledged a full investigation . The explosion has prompted renewed questions about mine safety . Obama said Saturday that "  all Americans deserve to work in a place that is safe , and we must take whatever steps are necessary to ensure that all our miners are as safe as possible so that a disaster like this does n't happen again . " Obama will meet next week with Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis and a Mine Safety and Health Administration official to hear their initial assessment of what caused the blast , along with their recommendations for steps the federal government should take to improve mine safety . Richmond , Virginia-based Massey Energy Co. , which owns the mine , said in a statement released Friday that it will conduct "  extensive " reviews of the mine accident "  to ensure that a similar incident does n't happen again . " It said the mine has had less than one violation per day in inspections by the Mine Safety and Health Administration and added that that rate is "  consistent with national averages . " Most of the blast victims were working in an area where long wall cutting was taking place . The technique uses a large grinder to extract the coal and creates large amounts of coal dust and methane gas , both of which are explosive . West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin said Saturday that even though it 's not clear what caused the explosion , there needs to be a focus on better ventilation and on sensors to alert mine personnel when gas levels become dangerous . "  There was no way to protect them against this , " he said . "  You just have to prevent it and make sure it does n't happen again . "	President Obama calls for thorough investigation into mine blast Four missing miners found dead ; death toll in West Virginia coal mine explosion now at 29 Most of the victims were working in an area where long wall cutting was taking place
Bonne Terre , Missouri  CNN  -- Joseph Paul Franklin is unblinking and empty as he talks about his victims . Do you know how many people you murdered ? "  I 'd rather not mention it , " he says flatly . By my count , it 's 22 people . "  That 's approximately it . " And those two young boys , just 13 , 14 years old . "  Yeah , I regret the fact that I shot them now , " he replies . Franklin has been away from the civilized world for more than 30 years , serving several life sentences behind bars . We 're meeting at the Eastern Reception , Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre , Missouri , where he is on death row . States scramble for lethal injection drugs A glass partition separates us , and we 're speaking via a closed line telephone . The prison guard has put a wireless microphone on Franklin , who is shackled at the ankles , his wrists cuffed to the chain around his waist . Franklin 's hair is wild and alive , unlike his expressionless answers when he speaks about his murder victims . This is one of the last interviews this serial killer will give . "  I felt like I was at war . The survival of the white race was at stake , " he says . Franklin compares himself to a U.S. soldier in Vietnam , trained to be a sniper in the war . The enemy , he explains , were Jews , blacks and especially interracial couples . "  I consider it my mission , my three-year mission . Same length of time Jesus was on his mission , from the time he was 30 to 33 . " What was your mission ? "  To get a race war started . " Franklin spent 1977 to 1980 trying to accomplish that goal , committing more than a dozen bank robberies in addition to the murders . He stalked his victims , usually finding a sniper 's nest yards away , looking down the scope of a high-powered rifle to kill his targets at will . Alaska serial killer may have killed missing woman Finding comfort in ` Mein Kampf ' He explains his hate was bred from his origins and upbringing . Franklin 's birth name was James Clayton Vaughn and he was born in Mobile , Alabama . He grew up in poverty and lived a childhood of abuse , he says . "  My momma did n't care about us , " he explains , saying it affected him emotionally and stunted his mental development . He says he was locked up and not allowed to play with other children . He claims he was fed such a poor diet that it affected his development . "  I 've always been least 10 years or more behind other people in their maturity , " he says . Young man linked to 79 killings in Mexico He found a family and comfort in the white supremacy groups of the American South in the 1960s . Hitler 's autobiographical manifesto , "  Mein Kampf , " moved him from hate to action . "  I had this real strange feeling in my mind , " he says . "  I 've never felt that way about any other book that I read . It was something weird about that book . " At 26 , he changed his name to Joseph Paul Franklin . Joseph Paul in honor of Paul Joseph Goebbels , the Nazi minister of propaganda , and Franklin after Benjamin Franklin . He tattooed the grim reaper into his right forearm as a "  symbol of my mission , " he explains . He shows it to me , the ink now faded green blue , the image blurry and difficult to see . "  It used to be blood there , red dots falling from it , " he points out . Franklin explains he asked the tattoo artist to draw the words "  Helter Skelter " on his other arm in red , with blood dripping down . Helter Skelter references '60s serial killer Charles Manson and his desire to start a race war from California . The tattoo artist refused , Franklin said , worried about law enforcement reprisal . Franklin says he was obsessed with killing by example . "  I figured once I started doing it and showed them how , other white supremacists would do the same thing . " Do you think you 're a hero to those hate groups ? "  Well that 's what they tell me , " he says , finally laughing . "  I 'd rather people like me than not like me , like most people . I 'd rather be loved than hated . " Even if they are hate groups ? "  Yeah , and they 're not the only ones who love me , though . There a lot of Jews who love me , too . " It 's a preposterous notion , but I ca n't resist delving further . Why do the Jews love you ? "  When you commit a crime against a certain group of people , a bonding takes place . It seems like you belong to them , " he says . Opinion : Looking into the minds of killers The crime that put him on death row Franklin is talking about the crime that put him on Missouri 's death row , the murder of Gerald Gordon . On October 8 , 1977 , Franklin was outside the Brith Sholom Kneseth Israel synagogue in St. Louis . Some 200 guests were leaving a bar mitzvah . Franklin had hammered 10-inch nails into a telephone pole to use as a makeshift gun rest for his hunting rifle . As the guests were leaving the synagogue , Franklin fired , killing Gordon in front of his wife and three children . There would be other victims across the country . Franklin was convicted of killing Alphonse Manning and Toni Schwean in Madison , Wisconsin , merely because they were an interracial couple . Franklin confessed to police that college student Rebecca Bergstrom enraged him because she said on spring break , she once dated a Jamaican man . He shot her dead . In Cincinnati , Franklin had been lying in wait for an interracial couple but 13-year-old Dante Evans and his cousin 14-year-old Darrell Lane came walking down the road . Franklin shot them both from his sniper 's nest , striking them twice to make sure the boys were dead . Joseph Deters , who prosecuted the Cincinnati case said of Franklin , "  He 's just a creep . There 's no other way to describe him . And what he did to those two kids because of the color of their skin is incomprehensible . " Franklin also wanted to strike high-profile targets , stalking civil rights leader Vernon Jordan Jr. . In Fort Wayne , Indiana , in 1980 , Franklin sat outside Jordan 's hotel and waited . As Jordan returned from an event , Franklin shot him . Jordan was seriously injured but was not killed . Death row diary offers rare glimpse into a morbid world Sickened by Hustler and out for Larry Flynt But Franklin hoped one of his biggest trophy killings would be Larry Flynt , publisher and founder of Hustler magazine . Flynt 's crime according to Franklin ? "  I saw that interracial couple he had , photographed there , having sex , " he says . Franklin is referring to the December 1975 issue of Hustler that featured several photos of a black man with a white woman . "  It just made me sick . I think whites marry with whites , blacks with blacks , Indians with Indians . Orientals with orientals . I threw the magazine down and thought , I 'm gon na kill that guy . " On March 6 , 1978 , Franklin was almost successful . Flynt was in Lawrenceville , Georgia , facing charges of obscenity . As he returned to the courthouse , two shots struck Flynt . Flynt would barely survive , and he was paralyzed from the waist down . In a strange turn , Larry Flynt has filed a last-minute legal motion with the American Civil Liberties Union to halt Franklin 's impending execution . Do not confuse this with mercy , Flynt explained to me days before I would meet with Franklin . "  The government has no business at all being in the business of killing people , " he said . Flynt is strongly anti-death penalty , pointing out the inmates on death row are "  minorities and underprivileged people , not wealthy white kids . " Flynt believes it 's "  much more punishment to put somebody in prison for the rest of their lives than it is to snip their life out in a few seconds with a lethal injection . " Flynt said he never thinks of Franklin or cares about him , it is merely on principle the publisher is fighting to spare his life . When I bring up Flynt to Franklin , he breaks into a smile . "  My old pal Larry ! " he exclaims . "  Tell him I appreciate that . Thanks . " He disagrees with Flynt , though , that the death penalty is less punishment than life in prison . After 15 years on death row , freedom ` I 'm willing to accept the will of the Lord ' "  It 's just not a system that operates according to the Bible . The scriptures tell us when someone repents , God forgives them . Everything is forgotten , once forgiven . But the state does n't think that way , " he says . Franklin says he 's no longer dangerous nor a racist . Do you feel any hate looking at me ? I 'm not white . "  I have no feeling whatsoever , no hatred to you . Especially not a female . You know what I mean ? " But you shot plenty of women . "  That 's true , " he nods , "  you got a point . But I felt they were enemies of the white race . " He 's different now , he says , after poring through reams of books in prison . He 's "  cured his mental illness through education , " he claims . Do you think something lies out there for you on the other side ? "  Yeah , but it 's not a burning hell because I 'm serving the Lord , though . It 'll be the kingdom of heaven for me because I 've repented . " I think we 're just about out of time . "  Well let 's not say that . Let 's just say we 're gon na part temporarily . " Time is important to you now , is n't it ? "  Yeah it has been for a long time now . Maybe we 'll meet again sometime . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Joseph Paul Franklin is on death row in Missouri Asked if he has killed 22 people , Franklin says that 's "  approximately it " Franklin also shot Hustler publisher Larry Flynt in 1978 in Georgia Flynt filed last-minute legal motion with ACLU to try to halt execution
CNN  Last November , the American people placed a great amount of trust in Republicans when they gave them complete control of Congress . Voters bought the illusion that a Republican Congress would govern effectively , help the middle class and focus on important issues like jobs and the economy . Now , after two months , that illusion has been shattered . Over the last two weeks , we have seen the Republican Congress manufacture , then escalate , a political crisis by threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security . There is no government task more basic than keeping citizens safe . And yet Republicans are recklessly putting our national security at risk to protect their own political security . By failing to do a full extension of DHS funding -- holding it hostage with demands that the legislation roll back the President 's immigration actions -- Republicans are leaving uncertain the livelihoods of more than 240,000 men and women who proudly serve as employees of the Border Patrol , Transportation Security Administration and other DHS agencies . Local law enforcement will continue to be denied access to the grants that help them keep our streets safe . The Federal Emergency Management Agency and other agencies that respond to natural disasters , like major winter storms , would have their operations disrupted . All so Republicans can try to score a few cheap political points with their base . But while this shutdown crisis is scary , what is even scarier is that this dysfunctional governing style is becoming a pattern with the Republican Party . The Republican Congress seems more intent on bickering with itself , pushing an agenda to help special interests and catering to the most extreme wing of the party , than working for the middle class . These last two months have been a disgrace , a disservice to our country , and the American people wo n't soon forget what a reckless disaster Republicans in Congress have turned out to be .	Ben Lujan : Americans voted in a GOP Congress on promise of effective governance that prioritized middle class He says that was an illusion . On DHS funding , other issues , GOP has prioritized catering to its extreme wing and special interests
CNN  -- I 'm tired of being surrounded by cancer . Over the past two years , I lost my sister , my mother and nearly lost my girlfriend to breast cancer and its complications . It 's an epidemic , and it seems we all just accept that as fact . I think it 's high time we said : enough . My lifelong friend Bill Couzens has been similarly affected by cancer . He has made it his life 's mission to change the way we think about this dreaded disease . It 's a different way of fighting a war on cancer : Instead of focusing on treatments , drugs and experimental surgeries , it looks at what is going on in our environment and what we are eating , and considers what role those factors might play in the cancer epidemic . It 's not a popular place on the spectrum of debate about cancer . Frankly , the corporations that pollute our environment and process our food do n't want to go anywhere near the message that comes from LessCancer.org . It is simply not good for business . So I am riding to help people think about what causes cancer . Sure , there is a genetic component to all of this . But that 's just part of the story . The other part of the story for me , is a very personal journey . Four-and-a-half months ago , I had an accident that led to the amputation of my left arm . One of my goals for returning to normalcy was to get back on a bicycle -- something that was very important to me before I lost my arm . I probably would n't have decided to ride 300 miles over two days without the LessCancer.org event . As a matter fact , if I did , you might think I was a little bit crazy . As it is , a lot of people think it is ill-advised to set the bar so high so soon after my accident . And I 've been thinking a lot about why I have been pushing so hard , so soon . Over the past few weeks I have been talking with CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta about my recovery . During my time with Sanjay , he repeatedly expressed incredulity over the pace that I have been keeping since I returned to my life minus an arm . He , like so many others , wonders if I 'm going too fast and not taking enough time to pause , reflect and grieve . When I stop to think about it , I too wonder if I am ultimately doing myself a disservice . Should I be spending more time taking care of myself ? But then I think about how I would feel if I put myself on the sidelines at this point . I would be left wondering what I can do and what I may not be able to do . I simply need to know now . There might be a time bomb of grief ticking inside me that will explode later , but at least I 'll know my abilities when that time comes . I also think about the challenges that I have set for myself . Three months after the accident , I was with my longtime friend and colleague Kate Tobin camping on a Denali glacier in Alaska for a story we are doing on climate change . We snowshoed for miles , and I was shooting a lot of video in some very arduous conditions -- including at the bottom of a 15-foot hole in the ice . I had definitely jumped into the deep end of my first big assignment after the accident . I was really nervous about how it might go , but after we had done the trip and we were sitting in the airport for our respective flights home , Kate turned to me and said , "  I did n't see a bit of difference in your performance on this trip . " I could not have asked for better medicine than that . So I guess setting big goals in short order is n't such a bad idea , assuming you reach them . This goal -- 300 miles on a bicycle in two days -- is a reach , to be sure . But I am going to do my best . I have a fallback plan or two , including a tricycle called "  Monomano " that is ideally suited for a one-armed rider , and a cousin who has a tandem bicycle with a seat reserved for me . If all else fails , there 's always the sag wagon for a segment or two . But here 's what will keep me pedaling : I will be thinking about my sister , my mother , my ex-mother-in-law , both of my grandmothers , my girlfriend and everyone else I know whom I lost or nearly lost to cancer . Their courage and grace while fighting this disease is an inspiration to me and should be to all of us . Yes , I have a new challenge in my life , but frankly it pales by comparison when I consider what it 's like to be caught up in the cancer epidemic . We must find a way to stop it . I am neither a doctor nor a scientist -- although I play the latter on TV ! But in reality , what can we do ? For me , the answer is to pedal hard and long to Mackinac .	Earlier this year , Miles O'Brien 's left arm was amputated after an accident O'Brien plans to ride his bike 300 miles from Port Huron to Mackinac , Michigan O'Brien says his struggle "  pales by comparison " to cancer
CNN  -- "  Roll Tide ! " "  Go Ducks ! " "  FSU is on the warpath ! " An Ohio State Marching Band sousaphone player dotting the "  i. " Those are some of the things you 'll hear and see during college football 's biggest games this season . Alabama , Oregon , Florida State and Ohio State are the four universities voted into the inaugural College Football Playoff , the selection committee announced Sunday . No. 1 Alabama will play No. 4 Ohio State in the Sugar Bowl , and No. 2 Oregon will play No. 3 Florida State in the Rose Bowl . Both games will take place on January 1 , and the winners will face off in the National Championship Game on January 12 . CBF playoff winners , losers After Saturday 's games , SEC champion Alabama and PAC-12 champ Oregon were entrenched in the top two slots , and ACC champion Florida State had finished the season as the only undefeated team in the Football Bowl Subdivision , college football 's top tier . But there was plenty of controversy over which team should get the fourth and final spot . Ohio State got the nod after stomping the Wisconsin Badgers 59-0 in the Big Ten championship game . Here 's what you wo n't hear : any cheers from fans of Baylor or Texas Christian universities . One of the five major football conferences -- the Big 12 -- was left out of the playoff picture . Its conference co-champions , Baylor and Texas Christian University , finished fifth and sixth in the final rankings , respectively . TCU dropped from third last week to sixth , despite defeating Iowa State decisively , 55-3 , on Saturday . Baylor also won on Saturday , and had beaten TCU by a field goal , 61-58 , earlier in the year . Within minutes of the selection committee releasing its final rankings , Baylor and TCU partisans flooded Twitter with outrage . . Ironically , the new College Football Playoff was devised to eliminate controversy over who gets to play for the national championship . Into the 1990s , conferences were aligned with specific bowl games  for instance , the SEC champion played in the Sugar Bowl each year  , and No. 1 rarely met No. 2 at year 's end , sometimes leading to a split decision between the two main polls , Associated Press and United Press International , as far as who was No. 1 . But starting in the 1990s , various incarnations of what came to be known as the Bowl Championship Series attempted to pit the top two teams in the country in a winner-takes-all finale . The overall rankings were compiled using a combination of human - and computer-generated rankings . While the game featured the No. 1 BCS-ranked team versus the No. 2 team every year since 1998 , often debate raged regarding whether those were actually the two best teams . This October , for the first time , a panel of 13 people -- including former coaches , players and university administrators -- started meeting once a week to winnow down the field to the Final Four . While many fans praised the new system for giving two more teams a shot at a national title , the NCAA , the governing body behind collegiate athletics in the United States , acknowledged on its website that there "  almost always will be more than one correct answer . " Many sports pundits have called for an eight-team playoff . It 's safe to assume Baylor and TCU fans would agree , though it 's too late for this season . Twitter reacts to playoff choices CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Eliott McLaughlin contributed to this report	In the semifinals on January 1 : Alabama vs. Ohio State and Oregon vs. Florida State Controversy swirls as Baylor and TCU miss out Ohio State jumped into the Final Four by drubbing Wisconsin in the Big Ten championship game Big 12 is the only one of the five "  power conferences " not to be in a championship game
Moscow  CNN  -- Alexei Navalny has said all along that a court would convict him . Not because he 's guilty , but because it would prevent him from running for mayor of Moscow . On Thursday , a Russian court did just that to Navalny , one of Russian President Vladimir Putin 's most outspoken critics . The court , in the city of Kirov , ruled that Navalny was guilty of misappropriating about $ 500,000 worth of lumber from a state-owned company . He was sentenced to five years in prison . The activist has called the trial politically motivated . Navalny has often accused government officials of dipping into the earnings of state-run companies . "  These people steal billions , " he alleged in a CNN interview in April . "  I 'm making it harder for them to steal . " He said his conviction is retaliation for taking to task the Kremlin , specifically over corruption . Russian authorities insist that 's not the case . But others disagree . Protest leaders arrested at Moscow rally The trial was a sham , the European Union 's top diplomat said after Navalny 's sentencing . "  This outcome , given the procedural shortcomings , raises serious questions as to the state of the rule of law in Russia , " EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton said . Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev said the case had "  left a very serious impression , " in a statement published in Russian on the Gorbachev Foundation website . "  Everything I know about this case -- how it started , how it was closed , and then opened again , how it was considered in court -- unfortunately confirms that we do not have an independent judiciary , " he said . "  I am convinced that using the judiciary to fight political opponents is not acceptable . Since Navalny 's lawyers are filing an appeal , I believe the final full stop has not yet been put on this case . " UK Foreign Secretary William Hague also voiced his concern about Navalny 's conviction . "  The decision to sentence him for five years has highlighted once again the concerns felt by many about the selective application of the rule of law in Russia , " he said . Street movement Three months ago , Navalny 's voice boomed out over a microphone from a Moscow stage in front of tens of thousands of people , as he blasted Russia 's most powerful man as the foe of democracy . It was one of many street protests challenging the Kremlin that have burgeoned in recent years . Navalny is one of their most prominent organizers . Last year , the Kremlin took action . It passed new laws to curb demonstrations . Then Navalny was arrested and charged . He immediately believed he would not get off the hook . "  They did n't fabricate the case to allow that , " he told CNN at the time . The real penalty Navalny now faces a five-year prison term , a year less than the prosecutor asked for . But a jail cell is not the main punishment , he said in April . And he had anticipated that someday , he would do time for his activism . If his conviction stands , Navalny will , by law , not be able to run for public office . It 's not an uncommon law . Convicted felons in the United States , for example , are also prohibited from doing so . But Navalny hopes through his protests to one day overturn that law , which he calls part of "  Putin 's system . " Rachel Denber , deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Europe and Central Asia division , said that while the guilty verdict came as no surprise -- as "  the culmination of a criminal prosecution brought for political reasons with a preordained conclusion " -- the sentence was still shocking . It can only be seen through a political lens , as part of a broader government crackdown to silence a fierce critic and the opposition movement , she said in an online statement . "  Russia 's new laws are aimed at putting public life in Russia under greater government control , and Navalny 's prosecution is meant to silence a leader and messenger , " she said . Rights group Amnesty International added its voice to the chorus of condemnation . The charges against Navalny were "  highly questionable , " and "  the way his guilt was supposedly proven raises serious doubts , " said John Dalhuisen , the organization 's Europe and Central Asia program director . "  This was a parody of a prosecution and a parody of a trial . The case was twice closed for lack of evidence of a crime , before being reopened on the personal instruction of Russia 's top investigator , " he said . In 2012 : Russia protesters demand Putin 's resignation CNN 's Phil Black reported from Moscow ; Ben Brumfield wrote from Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark from London . CNN 's Clare Sebastian also contributed to this report .	NEW : Mikhail Gorbachev : Using the judiciary against political foes "  not acceptable " Russian court hands Vladimir Putin critic Alexei Navalny a 5-year sentence Human Rights Watch : Prosecution aims "  to silence a leader and messenger " Navalny wants to run for mayor of Moscow , but the conviction will prevent this
Nairobi  CNN  An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi , Kenya , to Garissa , where Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2 , according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation . The commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals and because he was not authorized to speak . Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school . Of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security . At 7:00 a.m. local time , the response team was told to assemble for a mission to Garissa , the police commando told CNN . At 8:00 a.m. , he said , the team was told there were no police aircraft available to take them . A reserve team was then sent by road , while the main commando team waited in Nairobi for air transport , he said . Once told aircraft would be available , it took the commando team nearly two hours to travel the roughly 22 miles  35 kilometers  to the airport because of the heavy traffic , the commando source said . But Kenya 's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denied that his unit caused any delay in the response to the university attack . Mbithi told CNN two fixed wing aircraft were ready and waiting for the commandos 45 minutes before the police commandos were ready to depart around 12:30 p.m. local time . Government names Kenya attack mastermind Mbithi conceded that one of the two aircraft ultimately used to transport the commandos to Garissa left Nairobi at 7:30 a.m. to fly to Mombasa on a scheduled flight , hours after the Garissa terror attack began . That plane picked up the chief 's daughter-in-law and two children , and returned to Nairobi at its scheduled time of 11:39 a.m. , Mbithi said . The first aircraft carrying police commandos eventually departed for Garissa at 12:30 p.m. , followed by a second aircraft about 10 minutes later , Mbithi said . Inside college dorm 's scene of slaughter After arriving in Garissa by plane , the commando team rehearsed the assault on the university compound for about two-and-a-half hours , the commando source told CNN . The police assault to retake the university compound began around 5 p.m. and lasted about 15 minutes . One commando was killed in the assault . All four Al-Shabaab attackers were killed . Another law enforcement source told CNN that by 7:00 a.m. the Al-Shabaab terrorists had already killed most of the students , saying : "  It was never a hostage situation . " The problems plaguing Kenya 's security efforts Other Kenyan officials have previously defended the response to the university attack . Manoah Esipisu , a spokesman for Kenya 's President and deputy president , told CNN last week that in emergency situations there is always criticism regarding whether governments reacted as fast as they could have or should have . "  With the benefit of hindsight , you can always say things could have been done better , " he said . Kenyan authorities saved a lot of students and "  got the job done , " he said . Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told CNN the response was sufficient and denied reports that it was the elite rapid response team alone that brought an end to the situation . "  We have a military garrison in Garissa , and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists . So the response was adequate , " she said . Lillian Leposo reported in Nairobi . Lonzo Cook reported in Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen also contributed to this report .	Commando says air transport was delayed for hours as Al-Shabaab forces slaughtered students On April 2 , 147 were killed at a university in Garissa , Kenya , most were students
Washington  CNN  -- After Washington Mayor Vince Gray voted Tuesday morning and a vocal contingent of volunteers moved on to another precinct , Gray 's campaign manager headed downtown to write three news releases to issue based on the outcome of Tuesday 's Democratic primary election . Chuck Thies started with the hopeful news first and wrote the release his campaign would blast out if the mayor won the contest with a wide margin . But as voters across the district went to the polls Tuesday morning , even Gray 's closest confidants and advisers acknowledged that outcome was not likely . Many cautioned that the election would be close , possibly within a few thousand votes . Thies then wrote two other news releases : one for if the race was too close to call but Gray was winning , and one for if it was too close to call and Muriel Bowser , the upstart councilwoman who was Gray 's most obvious challenger , was leading . Thies did n't write the news release for a loss . Why ? "  I am superstitious , " he said . As results slowly streamed in Tuesday night , it became apparent that the "  we lost " statement would be the one the Gray campaign would be forced to send . Shortly after midnight Wednesday morning , Gray conceded defeat to Bowser in the district 's Democratic primary . At that point , 127 out of 143 precincts had reported and Bowser was running at 44 % of the vote , compared with Gray 's 33 % . And shortly after Gray conceded , Bowser accepted her party 's nomination in front of a raucous crowd . For Gray , no moment knocked the wheels off his campaign more than what many campaign insiders began calling "  Machen Monday " -- the day that U.S. Attorney Ron Machen went to court and linked Gray to a 2010 shadow campaign run by businessman Jeffrey Thompson . Prosecutors publicly claimed in March that Gray was aware of the illegal fundraising and had agreed with Thompson to cover it up . Even though Gray had not been charged and has vehemently denied any wrongdoing , the news elevated questions about honesty and ethics that had plagued Gray since his 2010 campaign and left many voters with doubt . D.C. mayor says he wo n't resign over scandal March was full of bad news for Gray . The Washington Post endorsed Bowser that month , while polls showed the race tightening . The Thompson news , which the U.S. attorney has been inching toward for years , sent shock waves through the Democratic primary . Gray 's opponents seized on the Thompson plea deal , and the ethical questions propelled Bowser into a neck-and-neck race with the incumbent mayor down the stretch . The Thompson plea deal "  sucked a lot of the oxygen out of us , " close Gray campaign aide Stephen Glaude said after the primary loss . Some volunteers left Gray 's campaign after the news , according to Glaude , and some usually deep-pocketed supporters tightened up and stopped giving . "  Clearly the Thompson plea and the manner in which it was reported was a shot to the gut , " he concluded . And then the public polls hit . While Gray was the frontrunner in early polls , a Washington Post poll shortly after the Thompson news showed a surging Bowser with 30 % of Democratic support . Gray remained stagnant at 27 % , according to the poll . It was more than just external polling that had Gray 's team a bit nervous . Their internal polling also showed the same thing . Poll : D.C. mayor leads , helped by crowded field , in re-election bid According to Thies , the Gray campaign 's initial polling showed the mayor with 28 % support and Bowser with 19 % . Shortly before "  Machen Monday , " another internal poll showed that Gray 's support had grown slightly to 34 % but that Bowser 's had grown more and was sitting at 28 % . But then news broke of Thompson 's plea deal and , according to Thies , the campaign "  bled off everything that we had gained and we went back to our base . " While Thies contends that Gray has a solid base of support in the district of around 28 % to 30 % of Democratic voters , he admitted that an internal poll after the announcement showed the race in a dead heat . "  The good news is that stuff is coming back to us , " he said Tuesday morning , based on voter contacts and knocking on doors . And that outward positivity might have been why Gray was so publicly confident Monday night and Tuesday morning . At a stop to rally the troops at campaign headquarters , the mayor munched on a burger , some fries and drank a soft drink . He talked with campaign supporters , slapped a few backs and thanked everyone for their work . In the morning -- admittedly not Gray 's favorite time of day -- he talked about the campaign 's late momentum and the good feel he had about Tuesday 's primary . He acknowledged that "  Machen Monday " set him back but said he thought the race should not be close . "  Given the record that we have , there should be no question about re-election for us , " Gray said with a bit of bravado . "  This city is going in the right direction , and I am excited that people see that . " Vincent Gray is the latest D.C. mayor to be dogged by scandal But by Tuesday night , as polls closed across the district and results began to stream in , it appeared that Gray 's confidence could n't overcome the numbers . By 11 p.m. , Bowser had a sufficient lead on the mayor , and at Gray 's campaign party at a local hotel ballroom , volunteers started to feel slightly concerned . "  I ca n't do this , " said Bernita Carmichael , a vocal volunteer who chanted for Gray for most of Tuesday . While she did n't say she was worried , Carmichael said she got a negative sense from the room . Her senses were correct , because by that time , Gray and his closest advisers in a back room had begun to have doubts . As a cadre of close advisers watched results stream in , Glaude said the mood was souring . By the time 20 % of the precincts were reporting and Bowser 's lead was not shrinking , Gray 's political guru said it was apparent that the campaign "  was n't doing as well " as it needed . "  We were hopeful , but when it jumped up to 20 and people were staying where they were , we kind of knew , " Glaude said .	Incumbent Mayor Vince Gray at one time held a healthy lead in his re-election bid A businessman 's plea bargain agreement over Gray 's 2010 campaign raised doubts Challenger Muriel Bowser 's poll numbers surged while Gray 's remained flat Bowser ended up with a double-digit win over the one-term mayor
Mental Floss  -- Memorial Day is more than just a three-day weekend and a chance to get the year 's first sunburn . Here 's a handy 10-pack of facts to give the holiday some perspective . The gravesite of Capt. Jesse Milton is seen in Arlington National Cemetery . 1 . It started with the Civil War Memorial Day was a response to the unprecedented carnage of the Civil War , in which some 620,000 soldiers on both sides died . The loss of life and its effect on communities throughout the North and South led to spontaneous commemorations of the dead : • In 1864 , women from Boalsburg , Pennsylvania , put flowers on the graves of their dead from the just-fought Battle of Gettysburg . The next year , a group of women decorated the graves of soldiers buried in a Vicksburg , Mississippi , cemetery . • In April 1866 , women from Columbus , Mississippi , laid flowers on the graves of both Union and Confederate soldiers . It was recognized at the time as an act of healing regional wounds . In the same month , up in Carbondale , Illinois , 219 Civil War veterans marched through town in memory of the fallen to Woodlawn Cemetery , where Union hero Maj. Gen. John A. Logan delivered the principal address . The ceremony gave Carbondale its claim to the first organized , community-wide Memorial Day observance . Watch the meaning of the holiday • Waterloo , New York. , began holding an annual community service on May 5 , 1866 . Although many towns claimed the title , it was Waterloo that won congressional recognition as the "  birthplace of Memorial Day . " 2 . General Logan made it official Gen. Logan , the speaker at the Carbondale gathering , also was commander of the Grand Army of the Republic , an organization of Union veterans . On May 5 , 1868 , he issued General Orders No. 11 , which set aside May 30 , 1868 , "  for the purpose of strewing with flowers , or otherwise decorating the graves of comrades who died in defense of their country during the late rebellion ... " Watch the history of the holiday " The orders expressed hope that the observance would be "  kept up from year to year while a survivor of the war remains to honor the memory of his departed comrades . " Watch military kids learn to grieve " 3 . It was first known as Decoration Day From the practice of decorating graves with flowers , wreaths and flags , the holiday was long known as Decoration Day . The name Memorial Day goes back to 1882 , but the older name did n't disappear until after World War II . Federal law declared "  Memorial Day " the official name in 1967 . 4 . The holiday is a franchise Calling Memorial Day a "  national holiday " is a bit of a misnomer . While there are 11 "  federal holidays " created by Congress -- including Memorial Day -- they apply only to Federal employees and the District of Columbia . Federal Memorial Day , established in 1888 , allowed Civil War veterans , many of whom were drawing a government paycheck , to honor their fallen comrades with out being docked a day 's pay . For the rest of us , our holidays were enacted state by state . New York was the first state to designate Memorial Day a legal holiday , in 1873 . Most Northern states had followed suit by the 1890s . The states of the former Confederacy were unenthusiastic about a holiday memorializing those who , in Gen. Logan 's words , "  united to suppress the late rebellion . " The South did n't adopt the May 30 Memorial Day until after World War I , by which time its purpose had been broadened to include those who died in all the country 's wars . In 1971 , the Monday Holiday Law shifted Memorial Day from May 30 , to the last Monday of the month . Mental Floss : 10 holidays not yet exploited by Hallmark 5 . It was James Garfield 's finest hour -- or maybe hour-and-a-half On May 30 , 1868 , President Ulysses S. Grant presided over the first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery -- which , until 1864 , was Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee 's plantation . Some 5,000 people attended on a spring day which , The New York Times reported , was "  somewhat too warm for comfort . " The principal speaker was James A. Garfield , a Civil War general , Republican congressman from Ohio and future president . "  I am oppressed with a sense of the impropriety of uttering words on this occasion , " Garfield began , and then continued to utter them . "  If silence is ever golden , it must be beside the graves of fifteen-thousand men , whose lives were more significant than speech , and whose death was a poem the music of which can never be sung . " It went on like that for pages and pages . As the songs , speeches and sermons ended , the participants helped to decorate the graves of the Union and Confederate soldiers buried in the cemetery . 6 . Not even the Unknown Soldier can avoid media scrutiny these days "  Here rests in honored glory an American soldier known but to God . " That is the inscription on the Tomb of the Unknowns , established at Arlington National Cemetery to inter the remains of the first Unknown Soldier , a World War I fighter , on November 11 , 1921 . Unknown soldiers from World War II and the Korean War subsequently were interred in the tomb on Memorial Day 1958 . An emotional President Ronald Reagan presided over the interment of six bones , the remains of an unidentified Vietnam War soldier , on November 28 , 1984 . Fourteen years later , those remains were disinterred , no longer unknown . Spurred by an investigation by CBS News , the defense department removed the remains from the Tomb of the Unknowns for DNA testing . The once-unknown fighter was Air Force pilot Lt. Michael Joseph Blassie , whose jet crashed in South Vietnam in 1972 . "  The CBS investigation suggested that the military review board that had changed the designation on Lt. Blassie 's remains to ` unknown ' did so under pressure from veterans ' groups to honor a casualty from the Vietnam War , " The New York Times reported in 1998 . Lt. Blassie was reburied near his hometown of St. Louis , Missouri . His crypt at Arlington remains permanently empty . Watch digital memorial to troops of Afghanistan and Iraq " 7 . Vietnam vets go whole hog On Memorial Day weekend in 1988 , 2,500 motorcyclists rode into Washington , D.C. , for the first Rolling Thunder rally to draw attention to Vietnam War soldiers still missing in action or prisoners of war . By 2002 , the numbers had swelled to 300,000 bikers , many of them veterans . There may have been a half-million participants in 2005 in what organizers bluntly call "  a demonstration -- not a parade . " A national veterans rights group , Rolling Thunder takes its name from the B-52 carpet-bombing runs during the war in Vietnam . Rolling Thunder XXII  and you thought only Super Bowls and Rocky movies used Roman numerals  is Sunday , May 24 . 8 . Memorial Day has its customs General Orders No. 11 stated that "  in this observance no form of ceremony is prescribed , " but over time several customs and symbols became associated with the holiday . It is customary on Memorial Day to fly the flag at half staff until noon , and then raise it to the top of the staff until sunset . Taps , the 24-note bugle call , is played at all military funerals and memorial services . It originated in 1862 when Union Gen. Dan Butterfield "  grew tired of the ` lights out ' call sounded at the end of each day , " according to The Washington Post . Together with the brigade bugler , Butterfield made some changes to the tune . Not long after , the melody was used at a burial for the first time , when a battery commander ordered it played in lieu of the customary three rifle volleys over the grave . The battery was so close to enemy lines , the commander was worried the shots would spark renewed fighting . The World War I poem "  In Flanders Fields , " by John McCrea , inspired the Memorial Day custom of wearing red artificial poppies . In 1915 , a Georgia teacher and volunteer war worker named Moina Michael began a campaign to make the poppy a symbol of tribute to veterans and for "  keeping the faith with all who died . " The sale of poppies has supported the work of the Veterans of Foreign Wars . 9 . There is still a grey Memorial Day Several Southern states continue to set aside a day for honoring the Confederate dead , which is usually called Confederate Memorial Day : Alabama : fourth Monday in April ; Georgia : April 26 ; Louisiana : June 3 ; Mississippi : last Monday in April ; North Carolina : May 10 ; South Carolina : May 10 ; Tennessee  Confederate Decoration Day  : June 3 ; Texas  Confederate Heroes Day  : January 19 ; Virginia : last Monday in May . Mental Floss : The Confederacy 's plan to conquer Latin America 10 . Each Memorial Day is a little different No question that Memorial Day is a solemn event . Still , do n't feel too guilty about doing something frivolous , like having barbecue , over the weekend . After all , you were n't the one who instituted the Indianapolis 500 on May 30 , 1911 . That credit goes to Indianapolis businessman Carl Fisher . The winning driver that day was Ray Harroun , who averaged 74.6 mph and completed the race in 6 hours and 42 minutes . Gravitas returned on May 30 , 1922 , when the Lincoln Memorial was dedicated . Supreme Court chief justice  and former president  William Howard Taft dedicated the monument before a crowd of 50,000 people , segregated by race , and which included a row of Union and Confederate veterans . Also attending was Lincoln 's surviving son , Robert Todd Lincoln . And in 2000 , Congress established a National Moment of Remembrance , which asks Americans to pause for one minute at 3 p.m. in an act of national unity . The time was chosen because 3 p.m. "  is the time when most Americans are enjoying their freedoms on the national holiday . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Memorial Day was a response to unprecedented carnage of the Civil War On May 5 , 1868 , Gen. Logan issued General Orders No. 11 , for grave decoration President Grant presided over first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington In 2000 , Congress established a National Moment of Remembrance at 3 p.m.
RollingStone.com  -- When assessing the lowest moments of George W. Bush 's presidency , outside observers might have gone with , oh , Abu Ghraib , or that time when he realized he was going to have to bail out the US financial system , or when his approval rating dropped to 22 percent on his way out the door . But in his new memoir , "  Decision Points , " George W. Bush himself writes that the "  worst moment " of his presidency -- his "  all-time low " -- was when Kanye West declared during a Hurricane Katrina celebrity telethon that "  George Bush does not like black people . " Now West has responded to that verdict . On the one hand , he seems uncertain his line deserves the place in history that Bush has just given him . But he also sees where Bush is coming from . The whole back-and-forth started when Bush 's claim drew the attention of Matt Lauer , who sat down with Bush for an interview that will air the day before the book 's November 9 debut . And that in turn led to the following exchange , as relayed by Ken Tucker on EW.com : Lauer quotes from Bush 's new book : "  Five years later I can barely write those words without feeling disgust . " Lauer adds , "  You go on : ' I faced a lot of criticism as president . I did n't like hearing people claim that I lied about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction or cut taxes to benefit the rich . But the suggestion that I was racist because of the response to Katrina represented an all-time low . ' President Bush responds : "  Yeah . I still feel that way as you read those words . I felt 'em when I heard 'em , felt 'em when I wrote 'em , and I felt 'em when I 'm listening to 'em . Lauer : "  You say you told Laura at the time it was the worst moment of your presidency ? " Bush : "  Yes . My record was strong , I felt , when it came to race relations and giving people a chance . And it was a disgusting moment . " Lauer : "  I wonder if some people are going to read that , now that you 've written it , and they might give you some heat for that . And the reason is this " Bush -LSB- interrupting -RSB- : "  Do n't care . " Lauer : "  Well , here 's the reason . You 're not saying that the worst moment in your presidency was watching the misery in Louisiana . You 're saying it was when someone insulted you because of that . " Bush : "  No , and I also make it clear that the misery in Louisiana affected me deeply as well . There 's a lot of tough moments in the book . And it was a disgusting moment , pure and simple . " For his part , West does not view his diss of then-president as the worst insult he 's ever dealt , ranking it below his more gratuitous put down of Taylor Swift at last year 's VMAs . During an appearance on Funkmaster Flex 's show on New York 's Hot 97 on Tuesday night , he said of the Swift incident , "  It 's an amazing , compelling situation . The situation is bigger to me than the Bush moment . It 's bigger than a lot of things . " But in a separate interview today -- this one with Houston 's 97.9 The Box -- West expressed a sympathetic view of Bush 's reaction . "  Well I definitely can understand the way he feels to be accused of being a racist in any way . Because the same thing happened to me , " West told host Devi Dev . "  With both situations , it was strictly a lack of compassion that America saw . You know , with him not rushing , not taking the time to rush down to New Orleans . With me , it was the lack of compassion in cutting someone off in their moment . Nonetheless , I think we 're all quick to pull a race card in America . And now I 'm more open , and the poetic justice that I went through the same thing that he went through , and now I really more connect with him on a humanitarian level , because that next morning , when he felt that , I felt that same thing too . " Like Bush , West is coming out of self-imposed exile to mount a comeback effort , with his built around the release of his next album , "  My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy , " slated for release on November 22 . "  I do think I changed a lot " in the months since the Swift incident , he told Dev . "  I do think I 'm more compassionate , I 'm more sensitive to people 's emotions . "  I needed that time off ... Respect is something hard to earn and easy to lose , and I feel like I 'm on that path to getting that all back right now . " Bush , no doubt , would like to feel the same way , though it 's not clear he sees it necessary to express the same kind of contrition . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	A newly sympathetic West says he feels Bush 's pain "  I 'm more sensitive to people 's emotions , " West says He continues , "  I definitely can understand the way he feels to be accused of being a racist "
CNN  -- As Jews prepare for Passover , our community has been hauled into the violence that plagues our nation . At this moment , we do n't know for certain whether the killings Sunday at two Jewish Centers in Overland Park , Kansas , were aimed exclusively at Jews , but it certainly feels that way . In a larger sense , we have been victimized by the random , hate-filled violence that steals lives and futures in this country daily . Perhaps it is no coincidence that this hateful attack occurs at Passover . It surely threatens Jews ' sense of security and multiplies the fear that we are persecuted . I wish , however , that you could know of the loving calls I am receiving from friends and clergy all over the wider metropolitan area and indeed around the world . Our neighbors : Jews , Christians and Muslims are outraged that senseless murder would be aimed at our community . We live among friends , and that is very different from Pharaoh 's Egypt , Nazi Germany or any other place in which Jews have suffered persecution . We are being singled out , but in a larger sense we are not , because this is no longer a unique act of terror . Rather , the scourge of violence in America threatens us all . Those who hate as a way of life must be rooted out , isolated and punished . As Jews , we are no strangers to violence or wanton hatred . Many of us grew up with the fear of persecution . But we are not alone , either in our suffering or in our fears . Our newspapers report daily murderous acts against one group or another : blacks , gays , children , Muslims , minorities of all sorts . Many of the perpetrators are not sane ; many of the victims are unsuspecting . The more proximate we are to the event , as the Jews of Overland Park were on Sunday , the more vulnerable and violated we feel . But look at the reality . At least two of those killed were not the apparent intended targets : Jewish people . They attended a nearby Methodist church . They were , tragically , in the line of fire because they had come to the Jewish Center to be part of an event , further evidence that this nation does not single us out as a hated minority but accepts us as beloved members of society and friends . Rather , our fear and our concern should be directed at a society that will not spend the resources to provide care for the mentally ill , will not limit the means by which violence is perpetrated and does not share common social purpose sufficient to protect us all from these random killings . For that , we are all guilty . We need to search our souls to ask why we , as a society , allow these daily murders to continue . On Sunday , Jews were apparently singled out . Tomorrow , it could well be another group , and Overland Park will recede in memory . But the truth is that we are all bound by our human experience and the tragic violence that is overwhelming the United States , ending lives and destroying families . Our prayers are with the victims and their families . They must be our main concern , as well as those who feel threatened by random violence . Sunday demonstrated that any of us could be singled out , and therefore we see we are one people that must be united in our conviction that we will not tolerate the hatred that murders innocent people and tears at the body of our nation .	Mark Levin : Shootings point to culture of hate-filled violence tolerated in U.S. He says incident threatens Jews but also shows bolstering support of larger community He says wanton hate in U.S. affects many ; at least two of those targeted were not Jews Levin : Society is guilty ; it should address weapons , mental health and culture of violence
LONDON , England -- UEFA banned Poland 's Legia Warsaw from European competition for two seasons on Wednesday in response to "  ugly and shocking " crowd scenes during an Intertoto Cup match . Police horses have to disperse the crowd during Sunday 's unsavory scenes . UEFA 's Control and Disciplinary Body announced that Legia would be thrown out of this season 's competition and also barred from an additional European campaign should they qualify within the next five years . Legia were trailing 2-0 away to Lithuanian team Vetra Vilnius in Sunday 's second round , first leg match when Polish fans embarked on a halftime rampage , attacking police with metal bars and stones and causing damage to the stadium . European football 's governing body said the abandoned match would be turned into a 3-0 victory for Vetra who will go on to face English side Blackburn Rovers in the third round . Legia have also been ordered by to arrange compensation with Vetra in regard to the stadium damage . Although Legia have promised to crack down on fans involved in Sunday 's violence , the disciplinary body noted that this was not the first time it had dealt with the Polish club . The latest incidents occurred just 10 weeks after Poland were awarded the right by UEFA to co-host the 2012 European championship finals with Ukraine . "  Legia must react quickly and firmly if the club wishes to participate in UEFA competition in future , " the disciplinary body concluded . "  With Legia 's considerable disciplinary record for away matches , the duty of playing matches against Legia becomes a tall order that UEFA can not afford to support any longer . " The club has until Saturday to appeal against the UEFA decision . E-mail to a friend	Legia Warsaw are thrown out of Intertoto Cup after crowd trouble Lithuanian side Vilnius will play Blackburn in next round of the competition Legia are also handed a further year 's suspension by UEFA
CNN  -- Germany 's Martin Kaymer ripped through his final nine holes in a record breaking 29 shots to take the first round lead with a course record tying 63 in the Players Championship at Sawgrass Thursday . Kaymer , who started on the 10th , was two-under-par through the turn but then carded an incredible seven birdies on the front nine . He finished with four in a row , including a tap-in birdie four on the ninth to become the first man to shoot lower than 30 on either the front of back nine of the famous course in Florida . The 29-year-old Kaymer , who took the PGA Championship in 2010 and went to world number one the following year , has not won since November 2011 and struggled for form in 2013 , his first full year of campaigning on the PGA Tour . But he will hold a two-shot lead over Honda Classic winner Russell Henley heading into the second round , with Sang Moon-Bae of Korea on 66 and a clutch on big names on five-under 67 . They include last year 's runner-up in the ` fifth major ' -- Spain 's Sergio Garcia -- and 20-year-old Masters hero Jordan Spieth , who pushed Bubba Watson all the way at Augusta . "  I felt comfortable all day , " Spieth said . "  Felt comfortable from really the first hole . " Justin Rose , the reigning U.S. Open champion was also on that mark along with fellow Englishman Lee Westwood , who was in the first group out . Watson , Australian Adam Scott , Matt Kuchar and Swede Henrik Stenson , who can all claim the world number one spot from the absent reigning Players champion Tiger Woods , were not challenging the first day leader on a day of low-scoring . There was also frustration for Phil Mickelson , who carded a three-over 75 and is in danger of missing the cut . "  It 's soft , there 's just a lot of birdies out there , " Mickelson said . "  Yeah , it 's a little disappointing and frustrating . " Kaymer took full advantage to become the fourth player in the tournament 's history to shoot a 63 , the others Greg Norman , Fred Couples and Roberto Castro . "  I did n't make many mistakes , " Kaymer said . "  Today was a very special round , " he told the official PGA Tour website . If he can turn his fine start into a victory , he will become only the fourth European winner in 41 attempts at the prestigious event . Woods is missing his defense as he recovers from back surgery with no time frame given for his return .	Martin Kaymer leads TPC at Sawgrass Shoots record tying 63 in first round Russell Henley in second place two shots back Jordan Spieth in big group in tie for fourth
CNN  -- Authorities have linked seven deaths to the nor'easter affecting the Eastern Seaboard , and more than 300,000 customers remained without power Monday in the Northeast after rain and fierce winds . Hurricane-force winds over the weekend toppled trees , taking power lines with them . Five of the weekend 's deaths were caused by falling trees , authorities said . Two people died in New Jersey ; authorities from Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Connecticut , West Virginia and New York each said they had one storm-related death . Heavy rain also caused flooding across the region . Flood warnings were in effect from northern Virginia to southern New Hampshire , the National Weather Service said . The city of Alexandria , along the Potomac River across from Washington , distributed nearly 800 sandbags to those in low-lying areas that typically are first to see high water . A coffee shop there experienced minor flooding , said Alexandria official Rich Baier . Some coastal areas have received more than 6 inches of rain since Saturday , according to the National Weather Service . Are you there ? Share pictures and video Con Edison said that more than 86,000 customers were without power Monday in New York City and Westchester County , New York , while the Long Island Power Authority said that 64,437 customers were in the dark . In New Jersey , about 100,000 were without power . Flooding caused 2,000 customers in New Jersey to lose their gas service , PSEG said . Connecticut Light and Power said that about 56,000 customers also had no power Monday . And in Pennsylvania , utility companies had restored power to a majority of residents , but the outage still affected more than 5,000 . "  The ground is so wet from all the snow we 've had this winter , it 's helping the trees to topple over as well as our utility poles , " said Long Island Power Authority President and CEO Kevin Law . "  The conditions are still too terrible to get crews out there . " Some customers probably will go without power for a few days , Law said . The outages were due mostly to power lines downed by Saturday 's winds , which knocked over trees and utility polls . Wind speeds reached 75 mph at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport -- as strong as a Category 1 hurricane -- and 72 mph in Atlantic City , New Jersey . In Connecticut , the lingering effects of wind and rain from the weekend were apparent just by looking at the streets , according to J.P. McNamara , an iReporter in Fairfield , along the coast . "  The beach area of Fairfield experienced high tides that flooded streets with ... water and sand on Saturday night , " McNamara said Monday . "  Many roads are still blocked off because of fallen trees and limbs , and it seems that this occurrence is widespread . " James Durosier , an iReporter from Rahway , New Jersey , said the storm 's aftermath reminded him of a scene from an action movie . "  The way the whole scene looked was just incredible , " Durosier said Sunday of the damage in the area . "  Power lines were hanging , street signs knocked down , and it was very quiet . " Brian DeNicola of Sayreville , New Jersey , said he has opened his home to three friends who do n't have any power or hot water to shower . He said he lost electricity for about an hour Saturday evening and had to use a vacuum to relieve his basement of flooding . DeNicola said he 's eager for spring 's arrival Saturday . "  Oh , thank God , it 's almost here , " he said . "  We 're ready . We 've had it with this stuff . " CNN 's Paul Courson , Edmund DeMarche , Henry Hanks and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report .	NEW : Five deaths blamed on falling trees 86,000 without power in New York City and Westchester County , Con Ed says Some customers will be without power for days , Long Island utility says
CNN  -- A team of U.N. chemical weapons inspectors are in Syria where they will begin an investigation Monday into whether chemical weapons have been used during the bloody civil war there . The team wo n't be speaking to reporters during the visit , it said in a written statement , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's office said . Syria has been embroiled in a war for more than two years , during which more than 100,000 people have been killed and millions have been displaced or become refugees in other countries , according to the United Nations . Amid the fighting , there have been numerous allegations that chemical weapons have been used . Syria strikes refugee camp in northern Lebanon In June , the White House said Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces had crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons , including the nerve agent sarin gas , against rebel forces . This prompted the U.S. government to begin providing military support to opposition fighters , despite its earlier reluctance to do so . Bashar al-Assad is all smiles on his new Instagram account Syria 's government , meanwhile , has claimed rebel fighters have used chemical weapons as well . That includes a March incident in Khan al-Asal in the northern province of Aleppo , according to state media . Opposition officials have said rebels do n't have access to chemical weapons or the missiles needed to use them in an attack , while other rebel leaders said Syrian troops fired "  chemical rockets " at civilians and opposition forces . Chemical weapons frightful , relatively inexpensive The government has agreed to arrangements "  essential for cooperation to ensure the proper , safe and efficient conduct of the mission , " the secretary-general 's office said last week . Khan al-Asal will be one of the three incidents that U.N. inspectors will look into , a U.N. spokesperson said in late July . Global Public Square : What Iraq could teach us about Syria	The Syrian government has agreed to the terms of visit The U.S. believes Syrian forces crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons The Syrian government says rebels have used them
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama became the first president to use the words "  lesbian , " "  bisexual " and "  transgender " in a State of the Union on Tuesday night , issuing an historic call for protections for individuals of any sexual orientation . "  As Americans , we respect human dignity , even when we 're threatened , which is why I 've prohibited torture , and worked to make sure our use of new technology like drones is properly constrained , " Obama said . "  That 's why we defend free speech , and advocate for political prisoners , and condemn the persecution of women , or religious minorities , or people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender . We do these things not only because they 're right , but because they make us safer . " Obama : ` Tonight , we turn the page ' The remarks were a surprise , but not entirely unexpected for a president who has made GLBTQ rights a quiet but consistent focus of his tenure in office . Obama was also the first president to mention transgender individuals in any speech , and last year signed an executive order extending protection against discrimination in the workplace for gay and transgender workers in the federal government . And he also called gay marriage a "  civil right , " in the wake of the Supreme Court 's decision to take up the issue once and for all . "  I 've seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom across our country , a civil right now legal in states that 7-in-10 Americans call home , " Obama said .	Obama is the first president to use the words "  lesbian , " "  bisexual " and "  transgender " in a State of the Union He also called gay marriage a "  civil right " Obama 's been a longtime advocate for GLBTQ rights
CNN  -- Just weeks before a Continental Connection commuter plane crashed near Buffalo , another airline had reminded its pilots about safety issues with instrument approaches at the airport . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . However , a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration on Thursday said it was extremely unlikely the February 12 crash and the warning were related . Instrument approaches are those in which pilots use cockpit displays to line up their aircraft with the runway when visibility is low . The alert , initially issued by Southwest Airlines and reissued Wednesday by the airline 's pilot association , warned there was a "  potentially significant hazard " concerning the instrument landing system 's glide slope guidance signal for runway 23 . The airline advised , "  Pilots who are preparing to configure and land have the potential to experience abrupt pitch up , slow airspeed , and approach to stall if conditions present themselves in a certain manner . " Southwest Airlines spokesperson Linda Rutherford said an earthen dam at the end of the runway was interfering with the signal being sent to inbound flights . Rutherford would not confirm if any of Southwest 's recent flights into Buffalo experienced problems on approach . "  We often put out alerts on obstructions to a navigation aid , " Rutherford told CNN . She also pointed out , though landing on the same runway , Southwest Airlines flights approach runway 23 from the north , turning right , while the Colgan Air flight that crashed was approaching from the south turning left . Rutherford called that distinction important . View a Google Earth image of runway 23 " The National Transportation Safety Board told CNN the agency was "  aware " of the Southwest Airlines alert , but would not comment further . The issue is caused by a geographic feature at the airport , a valley , "  something we ca n't do anything about , " said FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown . She said the "  altitude reading makes it look like you 're a lot higher than you are , because there is a valley there . " The feature has been noted on FAA charts for years , she said . "  As far as we can tell , there is no way this had any role in the accident , " Brown told CNN . "  It 's not a navigation aid that would have applied to the approach . " The alert from Southwest Airlines advises pilots that the problem could cause the planes navigational system to interpret data "  in such a way as to result in a nose-up pitch and loss of airspeed . " Flight data recorders obtained by the NTSB of the crashed Colgan air Flight 3407 show during its approach to runway 23 , the twin turbo prop Dash-8 pitched up 31 degrees before going into a stall due to lack of airspeed . Southwest Airlines Pilot Association told its pilots the "  issue is being addressed on several levels in an attempt to address procedures , facilities , and communication regarding this matter . " The alert advises any pilots experience trouble to contact the association 's safety office .	NEW : FAA spokeswoman says it does n't appear issue was related to crash Warning concerned runway 23 , the same one the crashed plane was lined up to use Airline advised possibility of "  abrupt pitch up , slow airspeed , and approach to stall " Southwest Airlines spokeswoman said earthen dam was interfering with signals
CNN  -- Anna Nicole Smith 's estate is not entitled to $ 300 million the deceased actress had claimed was intended as a gift from her oil tycoon husband , a federal appeals court ruled Friday . Smith , a former Playboy pinup and stripper , fought for more than a decade with a son of J. Howard Marshall over a fortune estimated as much as $ 1.6 billion . It was a court battle that outlived the chief combatants . Marshall 's son , E. Pierce Marshall , died in 2006 , and Smith died in 2007 from what a Florida medical examiner ruled was "  acute combined drug intoxication . " Her 3-year-old daughter is her sole heir . In 2006 , the U.S. Supreme Court ordered a federal appeals panel in California to reconsider its ruling against Smith , whose real name was Vickie Lynn Marshall . The judges ' newest decision pointed to a Texas jury 's verdict that the money was not a gift as the chief reason for denying Smith 's claim . "  The district court should have afforded preclusive effect to the Texas probate court 's factual findings and relevant legal conclusions , " Friday 's ruling said . Smith 's attorneys claim that apart from the will and trust , Howard Marshall promised his young wife a share of assets earned while they were married . The Yale-educated businessman was 89 in 1994 , when he married the 26-year-old Texan . They had met a few years earlier at a strip club where she worked . Marshall died a year after the wedding , but Smith , according to legal briefs filed with the court , was not given a share of the estate in the will or separate trust . Smith claimed that Marshall 's son "  used fraud and undue influence " in his father 's last months to have him leave Smith out of his will . State and federal courts have disagreed over whether Smith should receive any part of the estate . "  The lies that were told about told about E. Pierce Marshall have finally been put to rest , " Marshall 's family said in a written statment . "  Pierce Marshall was never intimidated by Anna Nicole and her bevy of contingency fee lawyers ' use of her celebrity and the legal system to try to loot J. Howard 's estate . " A U.S. bankruptcy judge initially awarded Smith $ 474 million , which later was reduced to about $ 90 million . A federal appeals court eventually dismissed the entire award . A Texas probate court also dismissed her claims .	NEW : "  Lies ... have finally been put to rest , " Marshall family says Deceased model said money was gift from oil tycoon husband She fought his son for more than a decade over fortune Federal appeals court finds against her estate
