CNN  -- For the better part of four years , voters have said the No. 1 issue is the economy . For the past year , the economy has been the GOP 's primary point of attack against President Obama . For months , the economy and job creation has been Mitt Romney 's calling card . So now that the president has stepped out and voiced support for marriage equality , we 're going to see if the economy and jobs remain the top issue or if the direction of this election has been permanently altered by Obama 's historic remarks . Remember , Republicans characterized the war on women as a Democratic strategy to divert attention from the "  real issue " of the economy . Over the next couple of days , we 'll see if the GOP will be as dismissive with gay rights . Or will the fact that in 2004 , George W. Bush successfully used discrimination against the gay-lesbian-bisexual-transgender  GLBT  community to motivate his base be too juicy a strategy for Romney and the gang to pass up ? Keep in mind that a CNN/ORC International poll taken in late March showed gay rights was tied for dead last in what voters felt was the most important issue , so if the GOP does try to use Obama 's remarks as weapons against him , there is a good chance the rhetoric will fall on deaf ears . Perhaps Romney said it best himself , during a big primary night victory speech in April : "  It 's still about the economy and we 're not stupid . " But it 's Romney speaking , and he 's never been married to any position for very long -- pun intended . In 1994 , when he referred to himself as a moderate , Romney told the Log Cabin Republicans -- a GLBT organization -- that he 'd be better than Sen. Ted Kennedy on gay rights . Wednesday , he reiterated his views in his latest incarnation as a conservative by saying that he 's against marriage equality and civil unions . So whether or not Romney actually stays focused on the economy is anyone 's guess . This probably explains why Obama holds double-digit leads over Romney on likeability , honesty , confidence , values and leadership -- and that was before Obama 's courageous interview with Robin Roberts on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Even in the one area where on paper Romney has significant credibility -- the economy -- 44 % of voters believe the president will do a better job , while 42 % prefer Romney , according to a CNN poll . If Romney ca n't get any more traction from his calling card , nor a boost from his vice presidental selection , there is the possibility the economy will take a backseat to gay rights in his campaign . Assuming of course , it has n't already . I guess we 'll have to wait and see what kind of ads begin to emerge and what he says on the trail once the initial dust has settled . But what is clear is that President Obama is no coward . Critics can question the timing of his remarks but the reality is , he did n't have to state his support for marriage equality before the election . Even with reporters dogging him at every news conference because of the remarks on same-sex marriage made by Vice President Joe Biden over the weekend , all Obama had to say was "  I 'm getting there " and we would 've moved on . But in embracing a view most assumed he had anyway , Obama places his core convictions ahead of political expediency . That 's very rare to see in an election year . What he did took a great deal of courage , especially considering that a recent Gallup poll showed 48 % of Americans are against same-sex marriages and that North Carolina , a swing state he barely won four years ago , just voted against marriage equality and civil unions , with a vote of 61 % to 39 % . But because of that , Obama further separates himself from his opponent -- whose biggest weakness has been his perceived lack of conviction about matters of importance -- and moves closer to the Abraham Lincoln , FDR , John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson realm of presidents : Men who risked a great deal personally to move the country forward socially . And given the fact that he can point to the 12 consecutive months of job losses before taking office and the 26 consecutive months  and counting  of job growth since 2010 , there 's no reason to believe the economy will cease to be his campaign 's top focus . As it should be . We 'll find out if the GOP agrees . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : For years , the economy has been seen as the dominant issue He asks if Obama 's support for gay marriage will change the Romney camp 's direction LZ : Obama showed he is no coward ; he did n't have to address the issue before election He says the move separates Obama from Romney , whose flip flops have been an issue
If we want to see a live Martian , even a tiny microbial one , we may be billions of years too late . Two new studies in the journal Science this week suggest that the Martian atmosphere has n't changed much in terms of chemical composition in the past 4 billion years . It 's much thinner than our planet 's atmosphere , and the mix of ingredients is n't friendly to living organisms that are known to us . On the plus side , scientists are excited that the atmospheric analyses from instruments on board the Mars rover Curiosity square with what has been seen from meteorites that have landed on Earth from Mars . "  In a sense our measurements confirm that those meteorites are from Mars , " said Chris Webster , program manager of the Planetary Science Instruments Office at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , who led one of the studies . The main gas in Mars ' atmosphere is carbon dioxide , at a whopping 96 % , according to the scientists . Earth 's atmosphere is mostly nitrogen , at 78 % . The Martian atmosphere also has very low oxygen content -- 0.1 % -- especially compared with our own atmosphere , which has 19 % . More bad news for those who are eager to find life on the Red Planet : The rover has not detected methane so far , Webster said . This colorless gas is released by organisms as they digest nutrients , so it is an indicator of life , although it can also be produced in geological processes . Because of the harsh environment on Mars , the assumption is that any life that might be there is below the surface , and that it 's microbial . "  By definition , if we do n't detect methane , it means the probability that that 's happening today is reduced significantly , " he said . Still , the hunt for methane will continue as Curiosity , the most technologically advanced rover to explore Mars , continues its journey . Where did all that atmosphere go ? Mars formed about 4.5 billion years ago . Scientists believe that , initially , the planet 's atmosphere was 100 times denser than the Earth 's atmosphere , Webster said . Now it 's only about 1 % as thick as Earth 's atmosphere . So what happened ? Sometime more than 4 billion years ago , scientists say , much of the atmosphere was stripped away . A leading theory is that the planet was hit hard during the Late Heavy Bombardment , a period in which comets , asteroids and other celestial objects were flying all over the solar system , delivering water to both Earth and Mars . One possible idea is that Mars was hit by a Pluto-sized planet , Webster said , which knocked out a lot of the atmosphere . The sun was also younger and more intense in its output of solar wind and certain kinds of high-energy radiation at that time . Without a protective magnetic field , Mars was vulnerable to high-energy particles from the sun , which is thought to have blown out a lot of the atmosphere , Webster said . "  It was lot of action in the first hundred million years or so , and then it settled down to be the atmosphere that we see today , " he said . The Curiosity rover has given scientists better evidence than ever that Mars was once habitable ; NASA announced in March that , based on the chemical analysis of a drilling sample from the rover , life could have existed there in the past . The rover found traces of clay that forms in the presence of water , indicating that water once flowed in Gale Crater , where the rover landed on August 6 , 2012 . Scientists can not yet say how long that water sloshed around -- was it hundreds of thousands of years ? Millions of years ? Even hundreds of millions ? "  The heavier the atmosphere would be back then , the easier it would be to maintain stable surface temperatures and for water to persist longer , " said Paul Mahaffy , Chief of the Atmospheric Experiments Laboratory in the Solar System Exploration Division at NASA Goddard , who led the second Science study . What we 've done on Mars and what 's next How isotopes tell the story In the studies , scientists used instruments in Curiosity 's onboard laboratory to study ratios of isotopes ' key elements , such as the carbon and oxygen in carbon dioxide . Isotopes are different versions of a single chemical element but differ in the number of neutrons , which gives them unique atomic weights . Isotope ratios indicate a temperature history and other characteristics about the history of a substance , Webster said . "  If the gases in the atmosphere are the fingers on your hands , then the isotope ratios are the individual fingerprints ; they 're very high-resolution detail about the gas , " he said . Scientists found a higher proportion of heavy isotopes of carbon and oxygen in the Martian atmosphere compared with what scientists believe was present in the raw material that went into forming the planet . In other words , there has been a loss of lighter isotopes over time . That indicates that much of the atmosphere has been lost over time , and that it happened from the top of the atmosphere rather than through interactions with the ground . "  Evidence in the atmosphere of loss of the lighter species -- in carbon , oxygen , hydrogen , and so on -- kind of all point toward a process where the top of the atmosphere is eroding away into space , " Mahaffy said . Webster and Mahaffy each used a different SAM instrument but came up with nearly the same ratios of carbon-12 to carbon-13 , indicating accuracy . What else to come Curiosity has a sophisticated suite of instruments on board , but other probes may be able to get a better handle on what 's going on with the planet 's atmosphere . In November , NASA will launch the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission  MAVEN  orbiter , which will try to measure the current rate of loss of the atmosphere , Mahaffy said . With that information , scientists can extrapolate back billions of years and calculate more precisely when it was that the atmosphere was thick and hospitable to life . There are also plans for a 2020 NASA rover mission . That mission 's science team said in a recent report that it should look for indications that life once existed on the planet , collect samples for potential return to Earth and test technology relevant to human exploration . As of Wednesday , Curiosity had driven a total of more than a kilometer  0.62 miles  since landing last year . It is currently progressing toward Mount Sharp , which is composed of many layers that represent a record of geological time . By climbing this mountain and sampling layers along the way , the rover will unearth more clues about how the Martian environment evolved in the course of the planet 's history . The $ 2.5 billion mission has already fulfilled the goal of showing that Mars was once habitable . The question remains : For whom ? Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	New measurements of Mars ' atmosphere are not promising for current life on that planet Mars formed about 4.5 billion years ago Its atmosphere was stripped away by sun , bombardment Mars Curiosity rover found that life could have existed on Mars in the distant past
There has never been any doubt that President Obama fully accepts the Supreme Court 's authority to render a definitive ruling on the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act . Chief executives during our history , including President Andrew Jackson in the 1830s and President Harry Truman in the 1940s , have in fact challenged or threatened to challenge the court 's right to command obedience to its understanding of the Constitution , but Obama certainly is not among them . As a brilliant constitutional lawyer deeply devoted to the rule of law , he has nothing but respect for the critical function that judicial review performs in preserving the American system of constitutional government . Efforts to divine a contrary theory in his remarks were strained at the outset and have grown only more untenable . The "  unprecedented , extraordinary " step he noted the justices would be taking if they were to overturn the Affordable Care Act was , of course , not the step of exercising judicial review , as the court has done ever since Marbury v. Madison in 1803 , but the step of second-guessing congressional judgments about how best to regulate a vast segment of the national economy . No one in the world -- certainly none of the justices -- can have been surprised to learn that Obama believes his signature domestic achievement fully complies with the Constitution and ought to be upheld -- or that the Supreme Court has a decades-old tradition of treading lightly when major regulations of interstate commerce come before it . After the president made that entirely clear Tuesday , some suggested that it would be best for presidents not to comment on cases pending before the Supreme Court even while the rest of the nation continues to debate the underlying constitutional issues . I was among those who took that view while others suggested that , as the entire nation continues to discuss the constitutionality of a vital economic measure , artificially muzzling the nation 's chief executive ill serves the purposes of open public debate on important issues . That 's something about which people can reasonably differ . But there 's no reasonable basis for seeing in the president 's comments either a challenge to the court 's authority as an independent branch of government or a clumsy attempt to pressure it politically or to influence its deliberations . This president knows as well as anyone how utterly implausible it would be to think that the justices might be swayed in their constitutional views by his brief remarks , which did little more than reiterate a core theme of the government 's legal briefs  namely , the critical importance of strong judicial deference to the elected branches on complex matters of economic regulation like national health care policy  . This theme has received a full airing in media commentary , congressional hearings , legal scholarship and lower court judicial opinions . Nobody could really believe that the president 's candid expression of a view that everyone already attributed to him would move the judicial calculus even a micrometer . The justices have spent months steeped in more than a hundred legal briefs , presided over one of the most dramatic oral arguments of the past century and are currently engaged in robust internal deliberations . They also live in a world awash with op-eds , heated commentary and all the markers of fiercely divided public opinion . These are men and women accustomed to dealing with politics . They ordinarily approach their duties with the utmost seriousness and , we must hope , are exercising their very highest faculties of judgecraft and constitutional commitment in this case . There was no disrespect in the president 's entirely correct observation that precedent and historical practice alike would lead a suitably cautious court to uphold rather than overturn his signature first-term achievement in providing health insurance to millions of Americans . The fact that health care reform has represented a pressing issue for the nation over the course of a century would indeed make a decision to strike down the law all the more jarring . But the notion that the president 's recognition of that fact somehow crossed the Rubicon in our separation of powers by seeking to diminish the court 's independence is patently absurd . That said , we have recently witnessed a shocking misuse of power in relation to these events . But it came from the judiciary rather than the president . Judge Jerry Smith of the 5th Circuit responded to the president 's comments by ordering the Department of Justice to submit a three-page , single-spaced memo stating the administration 's position on judicial authority to invalidate unconstitutional laws . Attorney General Eric Holder filed that memo Thursday , reiterating the plain import of the president 's remarks and stating that "  the power of the courts to review the constitutionality of legislation is beyond dispute . " Smith 's gratuitous order is little more than a thinly concealed insult to the president , the Justice Department and the administration . It constitutes a shocking departure from norms of judicial behavior . While such partisan bickering might be expected from the minority leader of the Senate or from commentators like Rush Limbaugh , who drew upon Obama 's remarks in yet another entry in their relentless attacks on the president , it is hardly to be expected of a federal judge . As constitutional challenges to the Affordable Care Act have journeyed through the courts since the statute 's 2010 passage , the country has engaged in a profound national conversation about the Constitution 's import and meaning . Although I remain unpersuaded by constitutional objections to the statute , I respect the efforts of many Americans to give voice to their convictions in constitutional terms . This week 's distortion and exaggeration only tarnish the earnestness of such efforts and threaten to undermine the genuine opportunities for constitutional dialogue and disagreement that sustain us as a nation .	Obama 's remarks about "  judicial activism " have received a wide range of reactions Laurence Tribe : No doubt that president has utmost respect for judicial authority He says 5th Circuit judge misused power by ordering agency to explain remarks Tribe : Distortion of Obama 's words undermines open debate about vital issues
CNN  -- A fire raced through a motel on the New Jersey shore early Friday , killing four people and injuring at least 8 others , authorities said . While authorities said earlier they were trying to determine the whereabouts of about 10 others , all remaining occupants were accounted for by Friday afternoon , fire officials said . Volunteer firefighters found the second floor of the Mariner 's Cove Motor Inn in Point Pleasant Beach engulfed in flames shortly after they were called at 5:33 a.m. , borough fire chief A.J. Fox said . About 40 people were staying at the motel , and the cause of the blaze was n't immediately clear , prosecutor Joseph Coronato said . Most of the people who escaped had left the building by the time firefighters arrived , but the firefighters rescued one woman who 'd sought refuge in a shower under running water , Fox said . "  One of our firefighters noticed her in a window , " Fox said . Rescuers broke the window , sprayed water on flames overhead , grabbed the woman and brought her out through the window frame , he said . "  She saved her own life , being in the shower  with the  water running , " Fox said . The woman was believed to be one of the injured taken to a hospital ; her condition was n't known , Coronato said . The names of the dead and the injured were n't immediately released . Coronato 's office initially said three of the injured were critically hurt , but the prosecutor did n't provide any information on conditions at a news conference later Friday morning . They suffered injuries such as burns and smoke inhalation . One sheriff 's officer had broken bones , Coronato said without elaborating . The fire was under control by 7:04 a.m. , Coronato said . Authorities sifted through debris after the building was deemed safe to enter , Coronato 's spokesman , Al Della Fave , said . Firefighters searched the partially collapsed structure for survivors , CNN affiliate WABC reported . Coronato said a task force including members of his office and police arson investigators will look into the fire 's cause .	NEW : Death toll from fire is now at four , officials say NEW : All remaining occupants at motel in Point Pleasant Beach have been accounted for NEW : Firefighters rescued woman who was taking refuge in shower , fire chief says The cause of the blaze is not immediately known
CNN  -- The gunman responsible for the terrorist attack in Ottawa last week was "  driven by ideological and political motives " and made a video of himself , police said Sunday . Authorities have previously identified the gunman as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau . He opened fire Wednesday at Canada 's National War Memorial and Parliament Hill , killing army reservist Cpl. Nathan Cirillo . The gunman was then shot and killed by security . The video was recorded just prior to the attack , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said in a statement . Authorities are conducting an analysis of that video and said they would not be releasing it at this time . They also provided a handful of other updates on their investigation : -- Zehaf-Bibeau used a gun that was old and uncommon ; -- He carried a knife , which authorities believe was retrieved from his aunt 's property ; -- Zehaf-Bibeau had worked in the oil fields in Alberta and saved his money ; -- Officials are looking into whether anyone else could have contributed to the attack . Zehaf-Bibeau had ties to jihadists in Canada who shared a radical Islamist ideology , including at least one who went overseas to fight in Syria , multiple U.S. sources said last week . He was a Canadian citizen who may have had dual Libyan-Canadian citizenship , according to RCMP Commissioner Bob Paulson . The gunman had criminal records indicating infractions related to drugs and violence . Zehaf-Bibeau was applying for a passport -- an application that was under investigation -- at the time of the attack , Paulson said . "  I think the passport figured prominently in his motives , " said the police commissioner . "  However , we have not come to ground completely on his motivations for this attack . But clearly , it 's linked to his radicalization . Clearly , it 's linked to his difficult circumstances . "	Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was "  driven by ideological and political motives " He opened fire at Canada 's National War Memorial and Parliament Hill , killing one Authorities are investigating whether anyone helped him
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hundreds of dock workers demanding better pay and working conditions entered a seventh day of strikes in Hong Kong Wednesday , crippling the world 's third busiest container port and causing widespread shipping delays . About 500 workers and their supporters gathered outside Hong Kong 's Kwai Tsing Container Terminal , where workers demanded a 15 % pay increase and a collective bargaining relationship with the container terminal operator , Hong Kong International Terminals  HIT  , according to the strike organizer , Chan Chiu-wai of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions . HIT employs the workers through a number of contractors . Company officials said that the port was losing about $ 640,000 a day and the strike is causing berthing delays of up to 60 hours , according to the South China Morning Post . HIT is a subsidiary of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust , which is owned by billionaire Li Ka-shing 's Hutchison Whampoa Ltd. . HIT did not respond to CNN 's questions Wednesday . Chan said that dock workers were presently paid $ 167 per day for 24 consecutive hours of work , less that than they received in 1997 . "  We have been asking to talk with them for a very long time but both the terminal and the contractors have refused to talk to us , " said Chan . "  This is an indefinite strike , we have no time limit and we will strike until our demands are fulfilled . " Chan said staff often work shifts of up to 72 consecutive hours during high-season . "  For this work , the salary is very low , the working conditions are very poor and the hours are very long , so we are often in the position of being understaffed and the workers have to work many hours overtime , " Chan added . HIT dismissed claims that workers were being paid less now than they were in 1997 . "  It 's also wrong that their pay is now lower than in 1997 or during SARS , " HIT general manager Gerry Yim Lui-fai told the South China Morning Post . The workers have attracted many supporters among student unions and pro-democracy parties in Hong Kong . The Hong Kong Federation of Students have organized donation and supply collection points outside major train stations . Hong Kong 's pro-democracy Labour Party is also supporting the strike . "  We have raised HK$ 1.2 million  $ 154,000  so far to support the workers and we are paying them  HK  $ 1,000 a day during the strike , " said Lee Cheuk-yan , Labour Party chairman . "  We have also just gained the support of the International Trade Union Confederation and it 's a very encouraging development . We are confident the strike will not be easily displaced . " More than 100 dock workers , including crane operators and stevedores , went on strike inside the Kwai Tsing Container terminal on March 28 , demanding a $ 1.60 per hour raise . More workers have since joined the action , but they were forced to set up camp outside the port after a Hong Kong court granted HIT a temporary court injunction on April 1 banning unionists and their supporters from entering any of the four Kwai Tsing container terminals .	Dock workers in Hong Kong are striking for the seventh day , crippling port operations About 500 workers outside the world 's third largest port are demanding a 15 % pay increase Hong Kong International Terminals is estimating berthing delays of up to 60 hours Strikers attract groundswell of support from pro-democracy parties and students
Ten loveable mutts rescued from the streets of Sochi , Russia , arrived in the United States for adoption Thursday , the result of an international outcry over the plight of stray dogs in the 2014 Winter Olympics host city , organizers said . Sochi animal rescue organizations began bringing in dogs from the streets after reports that they were getting rounded up and poisoned circulated around the Games . At the time , American skier Gus Kenworthy , an Olympic silver medalist , made headlines when he pledged to bring four street dogs back to the United States after the Games . Humane Society International worked both on Kenworthy 's project and bringing these 10 dogs to the United States . "  These 10 are representative of some of the dogs that have been removed from the streets and are now up for adoption in Sochi , " said Kelly O'Meara , director of HSI companion animals and engagement . "  They 're the sweetest , most interactive , very friendly dogs , very adoptable that just happen to be unfortunate enough to be living on the street . " The group worked with PovoDog Animal Shelter in Sochi and two other organizations to arrange vaccination , documentation and travel for the dogs , who then spent two days in transit . "  These dogs have had a tremendous journey . It 's been almost two days of travel for them . They went from Sochi to Moscow , had a long layover in Moscow , and then the flight to Dulles airport today , " O'Meara said . "  And as you can tell , they have to be pretty chill to handle it like this . And they did . They all did remarkably well . " The dogs will be housed for the time being in the Washington Animal Rescue League facilities in the nation 's capital . Bob Ramin , CEO of the animal league , said the next few days are all about comfort for the animals . "  These animals are seeing a lot of new things and experiencing a lot of new things , so they 're kind of stressed out , " Ramin said . "  We want to make sure they know they 're in a safe place so we 've got our staff working with them one on one . " Each dog will get a medical evaluation . If all goes well , the dogs could be available for adoption within weeks . "  In the next couple of days , we 'll start socializing them , taking them out on walks with other dogs , and really just treating them like other dogs so they can have that socialization and feel safe , " Ramin said . Organizers say that they expect a great deal of interest in these dogs because the public outcry before , during and after the Games . More dogs are expected to arrive in the United States for adoption in the coming days .	Reports of stray dogs being killed in Sochi , Russia , before the Olympics fueled public outrage American skier and silver medalist Gus Kenworthy made the cause famous Ten dogs from Sochi arrived in Washington and will be available for adoption soon
CNN  -- If you want to know why there 's little cooperation in Washington these days , I 'd start with a campaign promise made in 1988 by presidential candidate George H.W. Bush . "  Read my lips : No new taxes . " So , when he raised taxes two years later , quite naturally , voters , particularly conservatives , were upset . If you want to know why so little is being accomplished in Washington these days , I 'd start with that broken promise and what Bush did in an attempt to get those conservatives back . He carried Rush Limbaugh 's bags . That 's right . In 1992 , President Bush invited Limbaugh for a sleepover and personally brought his guest 's bags into the Lincoln bedroom for him They were not friends . In fact , Limbaugh did n't care for Bush that much , and "  41 " knew it . But Bush was seeking re-election . He was saddled with a slumping economy and locked in a tough battle with Gov. Bill Clinton and businessman Ross Perot . He believed he needed Rush Limbaugh . The party has been carrying Limbaugh 's bags ever since . So , if you want to know when Washington became so polarized , maybe we should circle August 1 , 1988 , exactly 25 years ago . That was the day a satirical talk show host syndicated his act and , in the process , made a lot of money and became one of the most influential figures in American politics today . "  Have any of you heard of an individual by the name of LZ Granderson ? " Limbaugh asked on his show in June 2012 . "  Snerdley ? He has not heard of LZ Granderson . Dawn , have you ? Brian , have you heard of LZ Granderson ? Prior to last night I had not heard of LZ Granderson . " Which is n't true . In June 2011 , Limbaugh brought me up on his show as well , going so far as to say , "  You can blame me , LZ Granderson , all you want , and I 'll take it . " It only takes a few seconds on "  The Rush Limbaugh Show " website to find out those facts . But Limbaugh is n't on the air to provide facts , he 's there to entertain . Many of his listeners understand that . And many of them do n't . A 1994 New York Times article leading into the midterm election called Limbaugh "  a kind of national precinct captain for the Republican insurgency of 1994 " and documented caller after caller legitimately asking the Mahi Rushie -- he calls himself that on occasion -- for guidance . Not much has changed . During the Affordable Health Care Act debate , callers were actually asking Limbaugh , a shock jock in the mold of Howard Stern , what was in the bill . He even threatened to move to Costa Rica if it was implemented , which seemed counterintuitive , considering Costa Rica has universal health care . But it 's moments like that when you remember that Limbaugh 's purpose is n't to provide thoughtful political discourse . It 's to vent on his listeners ' behalf , to appeal to their censored side . The side that wants to hear a white man say "  nigga " in public or call a woman a "  slut " without getting fired . If that makes you laugh , then he 's doing his job . If that disgusts you , well that 's his job , too . Limbaugh has had us on this yo-yo since the moment he assumed the role of Gabriel in the Kingdom of Reagan 25 years ago . Back then , it was only offensive , because he was the party 's megaphone , warning listeners about the impending invasion of welfare queens with his mixture of righteous indignation and half-truths . It became destructive when listeners and politicians alike made him its spokesman : a pseudo-politician free from the burden of actually having to do anything . Like use facts . In rebutting the legitimacy of climate change , Limbaugh once told listeners the United States had more acreage of forest land today than at the time the Constitution was written . That was n't true , of course , but it sounded good . Not too long ago , he read what he believed to be passages from Obama 's senior thesis , passages that expressed a disdain for the U.S. Constitution . Sadly , the whole thing was made up by a blogger . And while Limbaugh did sheepishly tell listeners what he had read earlier was false , the host still found a way to justify reading it by saying , "  We know he thinks it . " Some folks eat that kind of stuff up . Some get riled up about it . And the folks in Washington ? Well , after 25 years , they 're still not quite sure what to do with it or him . If you 're a Democrat , do you ignore him ? If you 're a Republican , do you carry his bags ? I imagine it 's like that feeling you get when someone tells you something that you ca n't determine is a joke or not . You just stand there half-smiling like an idiot . So , if you want to know what the folks in Washington are doing about the economy , I 'd start there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : President Bush in 1992 , seeking Limbaugh 's support , carried his bags GOP has been Rush Limbaugh 's bellhop ever since he got influential , he says LZ : Rush throws around half-truths and insults . Some are disgusted , others entertained LZ : But it 's destructive when people , politicians make him some sort of spokesman
Beijing  CNN  -- Yang Donglan has had an unusual career trajectory . The 22-year-old once made a living selling cosmetics , but a year ago she switched her make-up brushes for nunchucks , undergoing a grueling training program to become a bodyguard . "  I can go out with the bosses and see a lot of things . It 's eye-opening , " she told CNN . Yang completed a course at Tianjiao International Security Academy , a Beijing-based training camp founded in 2008 to train bodyguards capable of serving the growing numbers of China 's elite . She had to crawl through mud in the freezing winter cold , learn to handle a firearm and stay awake for 24 hours in what she refers to as "  devil training . " "  I did n't do a lot of exercise before and when I first started , I had trouble breathing while running but I eventually caught up , " she said . Booming market Chen Yongqing , the academy 's founder and former bodyguard , said he spotted an opening and decided to jump on what has become a booming market . In 2013 , China had 317 billionaires  in U.S. dollars  , second only to the United States , according to a ranking compiled by the Hurun Report , a Chinese version of Forbes ' rich list . "  We not only give our bodyguards physical training , they are also provided training on things like wine tasting so that they can communicate effectively with their bosses , " he said . "  They not only serve as bodyguards , but sometimes as a boss ' personal assistant . " Chen says that the number of female students is on the rise , adding that woman bodyguards have an advantage over their male counterparts , particularly as the number of female millionaires and billionaires increases . "  Female bodyguards are more appealing to female employers or family members of male employers , " he said . Yang says that employers prefer female bodyguards because they do n't stand out . "  It 's easier for us to hide . People do n't realize we are bodyguards , " she says . "  Some guys are really tall ; you can easily tell that he is a bodyguard . Also , girls tend to be better at taking care of people . " She is reluctant to divulge any details about her own boss , saying "  loyalty is everything " in her job . The training , which last for three weeks and costs up to 12,800 yuan  $ 2,100  , is not for the faint-hearted and attracts women from different backgrounds . Brutal training Recent graduates Xu Si and Zhang Min both aspired to join the military when they were younger , but worked in sales and teaching before they became bodyguards . Xu describes the training as brutal . In the first few days , she had to crawl through mud and jump into freezing water . "  I was trembling , and an 18-year boy quit in the middle , " said Xu , adding that the other female recruits were her biggest encouragement . Others enroll simply for the experience . Dong , a white-collar professional who only gave her family name , told CNN that she has n't decided whether she wants to be a bodyguard , but she believes the experience was valuable , allowing her to learn to be tough and persistent . Chen said that many factors had led to the increase of female bodyguards -- a low employment rate , good payment rates , and the chance to meet VIPs and have other eye-opening experiences -- but the most important , Chen said , was the growing confidence of women in China today . "  Women today are more confident in taking careers that are usually perceived as male-dominated , " Chen said . Contrary to popular belief , Chen says that fewer women quit the course than men . "  Most of our girls stick it out to the end , " he said . Yang has been working as a bodyguard for almost a year and says she has no plans to change to a different career despite the risks involved . "  It 's my duty to protect and act fast , " Yang said . "  I think I would stick to the job no matter what . It 's a journey . "	Number of female recruits training to be bodyguards on the rise Female bodyguards are in demand among China 's elite Women said to blend in better than male bodyguards The training is extremely tough and some students quit
CNN  -- The election in Greece of a pro-bailout party induced a huge sigh of relief well beyond Athens and plenty of press reaction that veered between cautious optimism and weary angst . Opinion pieces published before the vote made no mistake about the gravity of the weekend election . "  Europe 's Future Hangs in the Balance , " read the main headline in the English section of Germany 's Der Spiegel Online . However , the German team 's domination of Denmark to reach the quarter finals of Euro 2012 stole the top spot on its national homepage early Monday , "  Third game , third victory , " the headline cried . With an election of its own on the weekend , France 's Le Monde devoted its Monday morning homepage to a breakdown of a parliamentary vote tipped to solidify the majority of President Francois Hollande 's Socialist Party . Greek New Democracy leader hails ` victory for all Europe ' However , the Greek vote led the international sections of both German and French sites , and dominated headlines in the United Kingdom . Never known to underplay a headline , Britain 's The Sun newspaper told it straight : "  Greece votes to keep the euro  just  ... and save rest of Europe . " The Guardian pitched the win for the New Democracy party as a victory for the euro -- "  Voters give single currency a chance " -- while at the same time the paper 's economics editor argued that what was really needed was international action . "  The situation in the eurozone , and around the globe , was catastrophic before Sunday 's second Greek election . The result changes little , " Larry Elliott wrote . However , he added that anyone expecting G-20 members to come up with any effective coordinated response to the crisis "  obviously has n't been paying attention . " "  Leaderless and at odds over what needs to be done , it has taken the G20 less than four years to become as redundant as the G8 it was supposed to replace , " he said . G-20 leaders are meeting in Mexico Monday to debate possible solutions to the global economic turmoil . The homepage on Portugal 's DiÃ ¡ rio de NotÃcias was dominated by Portugal 's defeat of the Netherlands at Euro 2012 , pushing the Greek vote further down the page . With its team relegated from the competition last week , the Irish Times focused on Greece 's economic woes with an analysis piece pointing out that for Antonis Samaras , the leader of the New Democracy Party , the real challenge had just begun . "  It now falls to him to form a pro-bailout government with his former arch-foes in the Pasok socialist movement . Assuming this can be done in the coming days , any power-sharing deal between Samaras and Pasok leader Evangelos Venizelos is bound to come under sustained political pressure as they execute onerous austerity and reform measures in the face of grinding recession , " it said . Britain 's Mail Online injected a sense of urgency into power-sharing talks , "  Greek election stalemate creates race against time to form coalition government ... as pro-bailout parties struggle to reach agreement that could save the euro , " the headline screamed . The Huffington Post adopted a more relaxed tone , announcing that the election results had calmed fears of a Greek exit from the eurozone . Samaras also looked calm as he beamed from the front page of Italian daily Corriere Della Sera , which highlighted the relief which met the Greek election outcome . However the website 's most-read story at the time of writing was about a rare image of a bee sting in motion . If only Greece 's financial woes could be compared to the same . Greek vote lifts Asian markets The Greek result also led papers in Spain . Under the headline "  Greece is not an exact science , " El Pais , the country 's leading daily , questioned why so much European relief has been expressed when the results were roughly the same as the first election in May . The threat of a Greek exit from the eurozone persisted , the article said . With the headline "  Samaras seeks ` national salvation ' coalition , " the main story on the English-language Athens News said the race was now on to form coalition to secure Greece 's place in the eurozone . The article made mention of the "  unprecedented pressure tactics by the German and European political establishment in the run up to the elections . " "  German officials repeatedly declared that careful implementation of the bailout deal is the necessary condition for continued loans , " it said . To prove the point , the website reproduced an open letter by German newspaper Bild which reminded Greek voters who was bankrolling their ATMs . "  Your ATMs continue to give you euros , only because we put them there , the Germans and the other nations that have the euro , " the Bild letter read . It went on : "  Let 's be clear on this : If the elections are won by parties that want to put an end to austerity and reform , breaching every agreement , we will stop paying . " Before the vote , Athens News issued its own appeal , urging to voters to give the far-right , anti-immigration party Golden Dawn "  the boot . " "  Greek society has taken a precarious turn , but it is still in the hands of the people to reverse this dangerous flirt with extremes and to make sure that groups like Golden Dawn - along with their deranged belief system - never set foot in parliament again , " the editorial said . The paper 's appeal appears to have gone unheeded . According to Interior Ministry figures , Golden Dawn won 18 seats -- or 7 % of the vote -- a similar result to the first election in May .	Relief and cautious optimism expressed in European press after Greek vote Germany 's victory over Denmark competed with Greek election for top news spot Economic editor of UK 's Guardian newspaper said vote "  changes little " Athens News said voters experienced "  unprecedented pressure " from German press , officials
CNN  -- Hot , thirsty , frustrated and exhausted , British adventurers Alastair Humphreys and Leon McCarron were already feeling despair set in . At this early stage of their expedition to trek across the Arabian Peninsula 's forbidding and desolate Empty Quarter , however , the pair had got no further than the wet sands of the English seaside town of Margate . Humphreys had hit on the idea of dragging their 300 kilograms of water and supplies for the 45-day 1,000-mile  1,609 km  expedition on a homemade steel cart , but as the pair labored to heave the heavily laden cart through the boggy sands of Margate on a test run , doubts were starting to set in . "  The purest way to have done the trip would have been camels but we could n't afford it , so that ruled that out , " Humphreys told CNN . "  I liked the aspect of the cart because it made it a physical challenge which appeals to me . Read more : Milking the desert in Saudi sands "  The cart in theory was the right idea , but the cart in practice was absolutely terrible , " he said . With no steering mechanism , the wrong sized wheels and a fundamentally flawed design , just six weeks later the pair flat-packed the conveyance to begin the long walk from Salalah in Oman to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates . Undaunted , Humphreys and McCarron undertook the arduous journey with a budget of just Â # 2,000  $ 3,270  and made modifications to the cart on the road . "  I think it was a good demonstration that the main thing is to get out there and make stuff happen , " he said . "  We could have spent a whole year in the UK to get sponsorship for some carbon fiber cart and we still would n't have done the trip . " If nothing , he said , the cart added to the comedy value of his film "  Into the Empty Quarter " , which was released last month . In the footsteps of Thesiger The aim of the expedition was to retrace the footsteps of one of the legends of desert exploration , British adventurer Wilfred Thesiger , who in the 1940s on two separate trips charted vast tracts of the Empty Quarter -- or Rub ' al Khali as it is known in Arabic -- a sea of sand dunes and flat featureless plains that spans modern day Oman , Yemen and Saudi Arabia . In his book "  Arabian Sands " Thesiger wrote about his time in the Empty Quarter traveling with the tribal Bedu ; tough men who lived by a desert code of honor , vengeance and intense loyalty . Read more : Will the world be wowed by Dubai 's expo ? Thesiger 's books documented a vanishing way of life where survival depended on finding desert wells before camels died , avoiding the murderous raiding parties of other Bedu who had lost their herds and where water was sometimes so sparse that herders were known to drink camel vomit to survive . A changed landscape Humphreys -- who could only follow part of Thesiger 's journey in the Empty Quarter because they did not have visa access to Saudi Arabia - says the legendary explorer would not recognize the area today with its roads , oil installations and , at one point , even hamburger and kebab stands . "  Right from the start we were clear that were n't trying to exactly replicate his route -- it was purely a journey inspired by Thesiger , " Humphreys said . "  If we 'd really wanted to retrace his footsteps we would have ended the journey in Abu Dhabi rather than Dubai but we chose Dubai because it seemed like the complete antithesis of everything Thesiger appreciated about the desert and it really epitomizes the total transformation of that part of the world in the last 70 years . " Nevertheless , he says the pristine and crystalline beauty of the desert remains . "  I 've been to quite a lot empty places and earlier that year I 'd rowed across the Atlantic Ocean which sounds , on the surface , like two very different experiences but the two were actually very similar . Read more : Oxford , Yale or Abu Dhabi ? "  We were a tiny bubble of life with all of our life -- food and water -- in this cart and our lives depended on our cart and each other . "  The landscape of the desert and the ocean seemed to me be on pause ; they were completely unchanged for millions of years . It 's a huge contrast to most of the environments we 're used to in daily life which have been molded by mankind . "  In the desert , I felt that once we moved camp in the morning and our noise had moved on then that spot would be silent for thousands more years . " People of the desert Like Thesiger , the micro-adventurers -- as Humphreys and McCarron like to call themselves -- said the landscape was made up of people as much as it was by sand dunes and harsh rocky plains . "  The locals we met were quite possibly the kindest , friendliest and most welcoming people I 've ever met in the whole world -- they were just unbelievably generous -- but they thought what we were doing was completely crazy , " Humphreys says . As passers-by stopped to take cell phone pictures , give them food or even sometimes press cash on the weary travelers , he said that contact with people on the ground confounded many of the negative stereotypes of the Middle East . "  It was very safe , " Humphreys said . "  Before I went a lot of people were thinking "  Oh you 're going to the Middle East you 'll definitely be killed by Islamic terrorists " but it was so much safer than even the United Kingdom . " Ultimately , he said they left with a deep respect for the people of the region some of whom were descended from the type of people that may have traveled with Thesiger . "  Only three generations might separate these people from the ones who accompanied Thesiger -- and they might get around now in air-conditioned SUVs -- but they have n't been removed from the desert long enough to think that going out into it and having a miserable time is a good idea . "  They thought we were complete idiots . "	Two British adventurers attempted to cross the Empty Quarter of the Arabian peninsula Tracing the exploits of British explorer of 1940s Wilfried Thesiger Duo could not afford camels so pulled a home-made cart The area has been transformed beyond recognition in many parts since Thesiger 's adventure
A defiant Evo Morales was back in Bolivia on Thursday , railing against the United States after his presidential jet was held up in Europe under suspicions that U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden had hitched a ride . France , Spain , Portugal and Italy refused to let the president 's plane fly through their airspace after rumors surfaced that Snowden might be on board , Bolivian officials said . But Spain 's foreign minister , Jose Manuel Garcia Margallo , countered that regarding his country , saying in an interview , "  Spain does n't need to make any apologies . Our air space was never closed . " With no clear path home available , the flight 's crew made an emergency landing in Vienna , Austria , where it spent some 14 hours . Snowden rumors temporarily ground Bolivian president 's plane The Bolivians squarely put the blame on Washington for Morales ' unexpected side trip . "  Message to the Americans : The empire and its servants will never be able to intimidate or scare us , " Morales told supporters at El Alto International Airport outside La Paz late Wednesday . "  European countries need to liberate themselves from the imperialism of the Americans . " Speaking alongside Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa and Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro at a rally in a packed stadium in Bolivia Thursday evening , Morales said officials should analyze whether to shut down the U.S. embassy in his country . The president , who expelled the U.S. ambassador in 2008 , said he would n't hesitate to boot the embassy , too . "  Without the United States , " he said , "  we are better politically and democratically . " In several speeches Thursday , Morales said he had been targeted for his indigenous background . "  What happened during these days is not a coincidence , not a mistake like some governments say , " Morales said . "  It is part of a policy to continue intimidating the Bolivian people and Latin America . " He added , "  Our sin is being indigenous and anti-imperialist . " Despite several attempts by CNN to get a response , Obama administration officials declined to comment on Bolivia 's allegations that the United States pressured European countries to deny landing rights to the Bolivian president 's plane , referring all questions to the European countries in question . Outrage in Latin America The incident has sparked a global diplomatic feud that 's roiled leaders throughout Latin America . Presidents from five South American countries -- Argentina , Ecuador , Suriname , Uruguay and Venezuela -- met with Morales in Cochabamba , Bolivia , Thursday to discuss the matter . Diplomatic delegations from several others South American nations joined them . The leaders issued a statement condemning the incident and calling for an apology "  We demand the governments of France , Portugal , Italy and Spain issue the necessary public apology in relation to this serious incident , " the statement said . The situation , they said , was a flagrant violation of international treaties . "  We reject the actions that clearly violated norms and basic principles of international law , like the inviolability of heads of state , " they said . The leaders said they supported Morales ' complaint to the United Nations High Commissioner of Human Rights over the matter , and they called for their countries ' foreign ministers to form a committee to investigate what happened . In a statement Thursday , UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for dialogue between Bolivia "  and the European countries that barred the plane carrying President Evo Morales from flying over their airspaces this Wednesday . " According to a statement issued by his office , Ban "  urges the states concerned to discuss the matter with full respect for the legitimate interests involved . " Ecuador 's Correa sharply criticized the United States for its role in the situation . In a speech Thursday at the Bolivian rally , he read an excerpt from the U.S. Declaration of Independence and decried what he said was the country 's hypocrisy . "  They keep having a double standard , " he said . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said the countries must apologize . "  At least here in South America , when we make a mistake , we recognize it and at least ask for forgiveness from those we have offended . ... Let them apologize for once in their lives for what they have done , " she said . Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blamed the CIA , saying he believes the agency pressured governments to refuse to allow Morales through their airspace . "  What just happened with the South American indigenous leader Evo Morales shows the level of madness and desperation that the  U.S.  empire has reached , " he said . Opinion : Snowden and a muzzled free press So where is Snowden ? The situation is the latest twist in what has become a global guessing game over Snowden 's next steps . Snowden has admitted leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs and faces espionage charges in the United States . He has applied for asylum in 21 countries , including Bolivia . Snowden has been holed up at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport since June 23 . He arrived from Hong Kong . ` Unbowed ' Snowden seeks new havens Morales , a left-leaning president who has long criticized the United States , had been attending a conference of gas-exporting countries in Russia , where he told the Russia Today news network that he would be willing to consider asylum for Snowden . But Bolivian officials said accusations that an official aircraft would harbor Snowden were baseless . "  We can not lie to the international community by carrying ghost passengers , " Bolivian Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca said . Snowden 's asylum options dwindle The fallout Moscow condemned the nations that blocked Morales ' path . "  France , Spain , and Portugal 's actions  were  not friendly toward Bolivia and toward Russia , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . "  Moscow will demand strict observance of international law ... guaranteeing immunity of heads of state . " France denied it refused to allow the plane to enter its airspace . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius called his Bolivian counterpart to express regrets about a delay in the confirmation to authorize the plane to fly over its territory , the French Foreign Ministry said . The authorization was granted as soon as French authorities were informed the plane was the Bolivian president 's aircraft , the ministry said . France "  never intended to deny president Morales ' plane access to  its  airspace , " and the Bolivian leader is welcome in France , Fabius said . France was among the countries where Snowden sought asylum . France said Thursday it had refused the request . Italy also turned down Snowden 's asylum request Thursday . "  There are no legal reasons to accept this request , " Foreign Minister Emma Bonino told the Italian parliament . Meanwhile , in Iceland , lawmakers from several political parties have proposed a new law to grant Snowden citizenship after receiving a request from the former NSA contractor , lawmaker Birgitta Jonsdottir said . On her website , Jonsdottir published what she said was the text of a letter from Snowden . "  I want to extend my gratitude to the Icelandic parliament for considering my request for Icelandic citizenship , " he said , according to Jonsdottir . "  I have been left defacto-stateless by my own government after communicating with the public . " Iceland has said it ca n't consider Snowden 's request for asylum there until he 's in its territory .	Spain 's foreign minister says his country never closed its airspace to Morales ' plane South American leaders condemn the incident and call for a public apology Morales is back in Bolivia after plane delayed in Europe over rumors about Edward Snowden Italy denies Snowden asylum ; Icelandic lawmakers weigh giving him citizenship
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- If a kewpie doll sang in a band and had two kids , she 'd be Gwen Stefani . Gwen Stefani was ready to get back with No Doubt after two solo albums and an active home life . The pop star and style icon turns 40 this fall , but she still uses words like "  you know " and "  like " at least five times a minute . That 's part of Stefani 's charm , and her carefree teenybopper mentality is one of the many reasons fans are excited about her first tour with No Doubt in half a decade . It 's been 14 years since the quartet busted out of Orange County , California , with its signature sound of sunny , ska-influenced pop . In 2004 , No Doubt went on hiatus as Stefani launched the first of two successful solo albums . In the meantime , drummer Adrian Young and guitarist Tom Dumont worked on side projects and watched their families grow . Stefani and her husband -- former Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale -- welcomed two sons , while bassist Tony Kanal is the only member to remain single and child-free . No Doubt is currently in the midst of a 53-date North American tour , for which they 've dusted off such classic hits as "  Just a Girl , " "  Spiderwebs " and "  Bathwater . " Each member now travels in their own individual tour bus -- a must for an entourage that includes kids , toys and nannies . Watch No Doubt in concert , at rest " CNN : You 'd hear rumors every once in a while that you guys were breaking up , or had broken up . Were those annoying , or did you kind of roll your eyes and say , "  That 's part of the game ? " Adrian Young : I think we expected it . And there might even be some people that will think that we broke up , and that this is a reunion tour -- and it 's just not the truth . We went 17 straight years without stopping , and we started having families , and we were burnt and we needed to do our own thing for a while . CNN : What was it like to get all four of you together in a room again ? Tom Dumont : It 's kind of like an old glove . It just fits . Young : Like an O.J. glove ? Dumont : No , no , no . I know it 's a weird analogy , but in the sense of -- you know , it fits . Tony Kanal : You know when somebody says "  glove " now , you immediately think of O.J. Young : "  If it fits , you must acquit . " That 's our band motto now . Dumont : We 're not going to quit . We 're just great old friends . It 's almost like we 're brothers and sister , and it 's great to be having fun together again . Young : I feel more like we 're married . CNN : I hear it 's a little bit different this time . Instead of sharing a tour bus , you 'll each have your own individual buses . Kanal : This will be our first time on separate buses , only out of necessity . Everyone 's bringing their family . CNN : Are you just trying to get away from the kids , is that what you 're saying , Tony ?! Kanal : No , no , no ! I would love to be on the bus with them . Gwen Stefani : Tony 's going to be making kids on his bus . Kanal : Yeah , maybe my girlfriend and I will be in the process of starting our family . Stefani , Young and CNN  in unison  : Really ?! Kanal  ignoring everybody 's reaction  : But by default , I 'm putting a studio on my bus . Because I do n't have a crib on my bus -- they have cribs on their buses -- I 'm putting a studio on my bus so we can keep writing if the inspiration comes , and we feel like doing it . Stefani : We 're just putting the studio out there so we can pretend we might go out there and write songs , but we 're really just going to have fun . ... We like writing songs , as well -LSB- but -RSB- I have to tell you , it 's a very tortured process . There is nothing more rewarding when you know you 've written a hit , and you know this magic happened . CNN : Did you guys really go to group therapy ? Kanal : No . ... We had some self-imposed therapy sessions where we were trying to write music , and we were sitting in the room together , and a lot of stuff came out , and you know , it was kind of an emotional venting . We got rid of a lot of stuff . It was good . Stefani : We spent a lot of time together in the last 12 months . Right when I came off tour  from her second solo album , "  The Sweet Escape "  , we started to write , and I was pregnant  with her second son , Zuma  , and we did a lot of eating , a lot of chatting -- and then we had this magic 15 minutes from 4:45 to 5 o'clock where music would actually come out for a minute . One day , I was like , "  Argh ! I 'm in this room still ! Let 's go on tour ! " And everyone was like , "  OK ! " It was very spontaneous , and it 's all kind of geared towards getting out there ... and getting inspired , and hopefully coming out of the other side and making an album . CNN : Gwen , when you were off doing the two solo albums , did you feel guilty at all ? Because I know you all were trying to get back together for a couple of years . Stefani : I 'm one of those people that I have to follow the inspiration when it strikes . ... These guys are just very supportive . We 've been together forever -- forever , forever -- since we were kids , and this is just the one time in our lives we 've had a break from each other . Everybody did their own thing . And I think all of us doing our own thing makes us even more grateful for each other , and kind of definitely not taking each other for granted -- not that we ever did before . ... But it 's even more intense right now . CNN : Things have changed since the last time No Doubt was on the road , and there a lot of people who do n't have that disposable income to spend on tickets for concerts . Young : One of the things we did for this tour for some of the venues is we have $ 10 lawn tickets for people that maybe want to come to the show , but they 're strapped -- and we 've never done that before as No Doubt , and it feels really good to do that . CNN : I was calling this a reunion . Was that bad ? Stefani : We do n't really care . We 're just so happy that people want to come out and see the show , whatever they want to call it . We 're just happy that people still are even talking about it . ... Even if you did n't really like our songs , or you had this kind of idea about us , come see us live , and we 'll slap you around . You might have some fun , you know .	No Doubt is back together -- but do n't call it a reunion Band had taken break while having families , Gwen Stefani making solo records Stefani plans to have fun ; tour is a way of getting recharged
Editor 's Note : Tess Malone is a writer for the The GW Hatchet , the leading news source for George Washington University . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . Students start groups on social networking Web sites to discuss the dogs they left at home . UWIRE  -- For freshman Elise Chen , home is only a phone call away . It 's keeping in touch with Sammy , her collie-lab mix , that 's the problem . "  I can talk to my dog on the phone , but I do n't get anything out of it , " Chen said . Chen is not the only student who misses her pet , an integral part of many families . According to membership in Facebook groups dedicated to the topic , at least 44,845 others are in the same boat . There are at least six groups dedicated to missing one 's pet on the social networking site ; the largest , "  I love college , but I miss my dog , " stands at 31,056 members . The group 's wall is full of declarations of love for dogs at home , often accompanied by pictures and funny stories in the photo and discussion board sections . Chen , one of the group 's newest members , said she joined when she realized the forum was a literal representation of missing her dog . In some respects , Chen said , she actually misses her dog more than she misses her parents . "  My dog never says ` Go to bed , ' or ` You have to be in by two , ' " she said . "  My dog just says , ` I 'm happy to see you , even if it 's 2:30 in the morning . ' " GW 's Facebook network has its own group for pet lovers : "  I Miss My Dog . " Its 89 members frequently post pictures of their "  four - and sometimes three-legged friends at home , " as the group 's description states . The group 's active members use it as a way to further express themselves on Facebook and to cope with missing their animals back home . Like Chen , junior Jared Stone said he did not realize how much his dogs were a part of his life until he came to college . "  In the past , I had always been at home and always been around my dogs , " Stone said . "  I was used to having them nearby and petting them while watching TV . So in college , their absence hit me and I found the group on Facebook an accurate representation of how I was feeling . " Although a freshman like Chen is still adjusting to college life away from pets , Stone has learned that students must learn to deal with missing their pets . "  Friends fill the gap so much , but can only go so far , " he said . "  I 've overcome it , but it 's still nothing you can really get over . " Many students , including law student and "  I Miss My Dog " member Rebecca Rodgers , hope to eventually have dogs of their own , but they know that college is not conducive to pet ownership . "  My studio is no place for a dog and definitely not with a crazy law school schedule , " Rodgers said . When Rodgers misses her Australian shepherd , Missy , she turns to the popular video-sharing Web site YouTube . "  I tend to watch  my  particular breed of dog , Australian shepherds , " Rodgers said . "  Seeing other people 's dogs makes me miss mine a little less . " Chen also uses technology to cope , though in a more personal manner . "  I video chat with my dog , " she said . Although she does not plan on getting a dog on campus any time soon , she jokes about adopting a "  hallway dog " for Lafayette , where she lives this year . The Internet and hopes for the future , though good coping aids , can only help those missing their pets to an extent . Rodgers said , "  Sometimes I look over my shoulder and expect a dog to follow me around . "	College student : I miss my dog more than I miss my parents Missing a pet while at school is topic for six groups on Facebook Members post pictures , funny stories about their dogs
CNN  -- Iran warned Tuesday it would strike against an "  enemy " threatening it if needed to protect its national interests -- even if the enemy did n't attack first . Gen. Mohammad Hejazi , a deputy head of Iran 's armed forces , said his country "  will no more wait to see enemy action against us , " according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . "  Given this strategy , we will make use of all our means to protect our national interests and hit a retaliatory blow at them whenever we feel that enemies want to endanger our national interests , " Hejazi said . 5 voices : Will tensions lead to war ? Fars added that in November , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei had "  warned enemies about Iran 's tough response to any aggression or even threat . " "  Iran is not a nation to sit still and just observe threats from fragile materialist powers which are being eaten by worms from inside , " Khamenei told students at a military college in Tehran , according to Fars . "  Anyone who harbors any thought of invading the Islamic Republic of Iran -- or even if the thought crosses their mind -- should be prepared to receive strong blows and the steel fists of the military , the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps  IRGC  , and the Basij  volunteer  force , backed by the entire Iranian nation , " Khamenei said , according to the report . Hejazi 's remarks come amid high tensions between Iran and much of the world . The United States , European powers , and Israel have helped lead efforts to pressure Iran into taking part in serious negotiations over its nuclear program . Iran insists its program is for civilian purposes , but numerous countries are concerned Tehran is working to build a nuclear weapons arsenal . Israel has made clear it is considering an attack on Iran 's nuclear program . Both countries often openly antagonize each other . On Sunday , Tehran cut off crude exports to British and French companies in retaliation for a new round of sanctions imposed on the regime . Officials with the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog , began a second round of talks Monday with Iranian officials . The IAEA said the talks were an opportunity to get more clarity about the "  possible military dimensions to Iran 's nuclear program . "	A deputy head of Iran 's armed forces said his country wo n't wait for enemy action The supreme leader previously said anyone thinking of invading should prepare "  to receive strong blows " IAEA talks with Iran are a chance to get clarity about possible military elements in the nuclear program
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has struggled to contain ethnic tensions in the far northwest region of Xinjiang , recently launching a crackdown after a series of violent attacks left hundreds dead in recent months . But authorities think they may have found a new tonic to mend the cultural differences between the region 's indigenous Uyghurs -- a mostly Muslim , Turkic-speaking group -- and China 's dominant ethnic group , the Han Chinese . Her name is Ipal Khan . The wide-eyed Uyghur beauty is the protagonist of an upcoming cartoon based on the well-known tale of a girl from the city of Kashgar who captivated China 's Qianlong Emperor with her good looks and sweet fragrance in the 18th century and became his concubine . According to the legend most Chinese are familiar with , the girl fell in love with the emperor and became his cherished consort . "  She is a figure that has contributed much to cross-cultural communication , " Deng Jianglei , director of the cartoon , "  Princess Fragrant , " told CNN . The animation is set to become a television series at the end of 2015 , and a film the following year . Deng 's company , Shenzhen Qianheng Cultural Communication Company , won a tender to create the 3-D animation last year , as part of a campaign by Xinjiang authorities to promote social harmony among China 's different ethnic groups and raise awareness of the folk customs of the Uyghurs . During a visit to the province in June , Deng and his colleagues were inspired by the natural beauty and rich culture of Xinjiang -- a region the size of Iran that shares borders with eight countries . "  The cultures there and the folk arts are exquisite . But the place 's economy is less developed . So we wanted ... to help them promote their cultures , " he said . But appealing to both Han and Uyghur audiences may prove a challenge . Princess or sex slave ? Selecting a musician to compose the theme song , for example , took over a year , China 's Global Times reports , because it was difficult to find a composer who was familiar with both Han and Uyghur traditions . Then there are the alternative versions of the Uyghur girl 's story . Although the legend of Fragrant Concubine has become a symbol of national unity for many Chinese , modern Uyghur interpretations of the tale portray her as an imperial sex slave who was murdered by the emperor 's mother after stubbornly rejecting the emperor 's advances . Deng said he wants the series to be entertaining while also fulfilling "  political needs . " "  The cartoon  is a re-understanding of the friendship between Han and Uyghurs , which is especially significant to the re-education of the children and teaching them to accept different cultures . " His animation company , working in collaboration with the government of Kashgar , has plans to show the cartoon in China and abroad , especially in Islamic regions . Xinjiang has a long history of ethnic unrest . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward the Han Chinese in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment by security forces , discrimination and a lack of economic opportunities . Muslim separatists have been held responsible for a series of recent deadly attacks , with Chinese authorities launching an anti-terror campaign in May . Measures to end the violence have ranged from executing convicted terrorists to banning beards and Islamic dress in some areas . But authorities have not ignored the role of soft power . "  It is similar as fighting a war in the realm of ideology . If we do n't pass on positive energy , the opposite side would occupy the battlefield , " Sheng Jun , a deputy director of cultural industry office at the Xinjiang Bureau of Culture told The Global Times . Finding common ground , however , was difficult even among the animators . Some of the more conservative Xinjiang artists who were consulted in the making of the cartoon objected to the use of animal characters because of the negative connotations associated with some creatures like snakes according to Islamic traditions , and because Uyghur families rarely own pets , the Global Times reports . "  The difficulty is that you have to respect history and culture while catering to the market , " Deng said . When it came to the animals , Deng insisted they should stay . "  It 's all about compromise , " he said . Intern Linda Yan contributed to this report .	New cartoon seeks to foster cultural understanding between ethnic groups in Xinjiang region "  Princess Fragrant " is based on the tale of a Uyghur concubine who marries an emperor A symbol of national unity for Chinese , modern Uyghur interpretations portray her as a sex slave Animation seeks to be entertaining while fulfilling "  political needs , " director says
CNN  -- A political clash over the legitimacy of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's next term loomed as the announcement came that he will be unable to attend his inauguration . With Chavez unable to be sworn in , a number of constitutional questions have become central : Can the president be sworn in on another day ? And who should be in charge in the meantime ? The disagreement hangs a cloud of uncertainty over Venezuela , as political forces disagree on whether Chavez will be a legitimate president or whether someone else should assume power and call for new elections . Officials on Tuesday confirmed that medical treatment in Cuba will keep Chavez from being sworn in for his new term this week . At the same time , supporters and opponents of Chavez are bracing for a legal battle over whether the inauguration can be postponed . Chavez : Survivor and Venezuela 's long-serving president A statement from Venezuela 's vice president read before lawmakers Tuesday said that the constitution authorizes "  at a later date , the swearing-in before the Supreme Court . " "  The process of post-surgical recuperation must continue past January 10 of this year , so he will not be able to appear on that date before the National Assembly , " the statement said . The 58-year-old Venezuelan president has been treated for cancer in Cuba for the past month , most recently battling respiratory complications . Read more : Venezuela : As Chavez battles cancer , Maduro waits in the wings A fierce debate Tuesday 's formal announcement sparked a fierce debate in the assembly , intensifying a political battle that has been playing out for weeks in news conferences , on the country 's airwaves and in social media posts . The constitution says Chavez can be sworn in before the Supreme Court , but the wording is not clear about whether that swearing-in must occur Thursday or who should run Venezuela in the meantime . The president of Venezuela 's Supreme Court is scheduled to speak to reporters Wednesday . Supporters and critics of Chavez both point to the country 's constitution but offer wildly different interpretations of what it says . Opposition lawmakers said in Tuesday 's debate that Chavez should be declared temporarily absent from his presidential post to avoid a power vacuum . They argued that Diosdado Cabello , the head of the National Assembly , should temporarily assume the presidency while Chavez recovers . But Cabello , a close Chavez ally and member of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela , said that would be unconstitutional . "  There is no way to interpret  the constitution  . It is extremely clear , " he said . "  Everything else is a wish . " Julio Borges , an opposition lawmaker , said Chavez 's supporters were fighting among themselves and putting the country 's future in jeopardy . "  You are denying the application of the constitution ... and what is unjust is that the Venezuelan people are paying the price of your internal fight while the  country 's  problems are still alive and kicking , " he said . Tuesday 's debate became so heated that one member of the opposition accused Chavez 's supporters of hurling a copy of the constitution at him . Supporters of Chavez pumped their fists in the air and gave a standing ovation after passing a resolution affirming that Chavez could remain president and be away from the country for as long as necessary to deal with his illness . The resolution backed the interpretation of the constitution held by Chavez 's supporters . Opposition leader calls for action Henrique Capriles , the man Chavez defeated at the polls in October , said earlier Tuesday that the Supreme Court must clarify the confusion . Read more : With Chavez ill , uncertainty reigns in Venezuela "  There is a conflict here , " Capriles said . "  What is the Supreme Court waiting on ? " As far as the opposition is concerned , Capriles said , the constitution is clear that the president 's term ends on January 10 and a new period begins . If Chavez is unable to be sworn in , it creates a leadership vacuum that must be filled by the National Assembly president , and the possibility of new elections arises , Capriles said . Cabello has said that he has no intention of assuming power if Chavez is not sworn in . "  When  the opposition  talks about a power vacuum , they are proposing a coup , " Cabello said , the state-run AVN news agency reported . Maduro : ` The popular will is what prevails ' The government says that Chavez 's new term begins automatically because he was re-elected and that the inauguration could be held later . In remarks broadcast on national television Tuesday night , Vice President Nicolas Maduro said the inauguration date "  is a formality . " Speaking to Venezuela 's military leaders , he said that declaring Chavez temporarily absent from his post "  would be crazy because the popular will is what prevails . " Voters have re-elected Chavez , he said , calling on the military to help continue Chavez 's revolution . There is no such automatic continuity of power , Capriles said , arguing that "  the only thing that has continuity are the country 's problems . " "  If the constitution is not followed , or there is a conflict of interpretation , the Supreme Court has to take a position , " he said . Capriles expressed concern about unrest or political crisis in the absence of a decision by the high court . Chavez has not been seen in public and officials have not released any photographs of him since he arrived in Havana for his fourth cancer operation in early December , fueling speculation that his health is worse than the government is letting on . Last week , a government spokesman said Chavez was battling a severe lung infection that has caused respiratory failure . Ernesto Villegas said the president was following a strict treatment regimen for "  respiratory insufficiency " caused by the infection . His condition remained unchanged Monday , the government said in a statement . "  Treatment has been administered permanently and rigorously , and the patient is supporting it , " the statement said . CNN 's Paula Newton and Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	Officials say Hugo Chavez will not be in Venezuela for inauguration day Government , opposition differ on what happens next ; lawmakers debating issue Chavez 's term automatically renews , the government says The constitution makes it clear that this is not the case , opponents say
CNN  Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Monday stood by his criticism of so-called "  no-go " zones in Europe , where sovereign nations allegedly cede authority to Muslim immigrants , a controversial idea that many critics say is overblown . And the potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate decried what he called immigrants ' insistence on "  non-assimilation , the fact that "  you 've got people who want to come to our country but not adopt our values , " which he called "  dangerous . " Jindal has the reputation of policy wonk among Republicans and boldly told GOP officials during a 2013 address to the Republican National Committee that they "  must stop being the stupid party " and needed to "  stop insulting the intelligence of voters . " Asked by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer whether he would walk back his comments on no-go zones , made in a speech to the Henry Jackson Society in London earlier that day , Jindal said , "  not at all . " MSNBC guest wo n't apologize for Jindal remark "  And I 'm also making a bigger and maybe even more controversial point that radical Islam is a grave threat , we need Muslim leaders to denounce the individuals , not just the acts of violence , " he said , adding that "  it is absolutely correct to insist on assimilation " of immigrants in the United States . But pressed for specific examples of such no-go zones , Jindal demurred , saying he had met with "  elected officials and others " to discuss them and noted a report in UK tabloid the Daily Mail that purported to highlight the challenges facing law enforcement in such areas . "  I knew by speaking the truth we were gon na make people upset , " Jindal told Blitzer . Jindal was also unable to offer examples during an earlier interview with CNN 's Max Foster , saying that he 's "  heard from folks here that there are neighborhoods where women do n't feel comfortable going in without veils ... We all know that there are neighborhoods where police are less likely to go into . " "  I think that the radical Left absolutely wants to pretend like this problem is not here . Pretending it 's not here wo n't make it go away , " he told Foster . Pressed for details , Jindal said only , "  I think your viewers know absolutely there are places where the police are less likely to go . " And asked whether that feeling may be caused by high crime rates , rather than the Muslim population in the area , Jindal said , "  This is n't a question . " "  I know the Left wants to make this into an attack on religion and that 's not what this is . What we are saying , it 's absolutely an issue for the UK , absolutely is an issue for America and other European and Western nations , " he said . During his London speech , Jindal said , "  In the West , non-assimilationist Muslims establish enclaves and carry out as much of Sharia law as they can without regard for the laws of the democratic countries which provided them a new home , " according to prepared remarks . "  It is startling to think that any country would allow , even unofficially , for a so-called ` no-go zone . ' The idea that a free country would allow for specific areas of its country to operate in an autonomous way that is not free and is in direct opposition to its laws is hard to fathom , " he said . Jindal also suggested the rise of such no-go zones has contributed to growing anti-Semitism throughout Europe , which has prompted many Jews to emigrate from their home countries . "  How does such evil rise again in democratic countries ? " Jindal asked . "  I believe it is because radical Islamists have been given too wide a berth to establish their own nation within a nation , " he said . Muslim leaders need to "  condemn anyone who commits these acts of violence , and clearly state that these people are evil and are enemies of Islam , " he added . The idea of "  no-go zones " sparked controversy last week when a Fox News commentator raised the prospect of areas in France , Britain , Sweden and Germany where those countries ' governments "  do n't exercise any sovereignty , " and which instead are run largely by Muslim immigrants . The commentator also mentioned whole cities "  where non-Muslims simply do n't go in , " in particular the city of Birmingham in the United Kingdom . British Prime Minister David Cameron later pushed back on the idea , calling the commentator "  a complete idiot . " "  When I heard this , frankly , I choked on my porridge and I thought it must be April Fools ' Day . This guy is clearly a complete idiot , " he said . The Fox commentator later apologized to Birmingham for labeling it a no-go zone , but stood by the idea that such areas exist . Fox News , however , issued a formal apology for the remarks , with host Julie Banderas retracting the comments as "  regrettable errors " and saying the network "  deeply regret  s  the errors and apologize  s  to any and all who may have taken offense . " CNNMoney : Fox News apologizes 4 times for inaccurate comments about Muslims in Europe But a Jindal aide said the governor stuck largely to the text as prepared , which included the criticism of the zones . And the remarks have drawn praise from conservatives and attacted national media attention at a time when the potential presidential contender is looking to raise his profile in time for a White House bid . National Review columnist Larry Kudlow called it a "  brilliant take on radical Islam . " "  It is the toughest speech I have read on the whole issue of Islamic radicalism and its destructive , murdering , barbarous ways which are upsetting the entire world , " Kudlow wrote in an op-ed . Democrats , though , knocked Jindal . "  It 's no surprise that Bobby Jindal would go abroad and butcher the facts in an effort to divide people -- this is exactly what we 've come to expect from Jindal here at home , " Democratic National Committee spokeswoman Rebecca Chalif told CNN . "  Jindal is just embarrassing himself . He is abroad while Louisiana is facing a budget crisis of his own making -- he ca n't even govern his state , he is the last person we want wading into foreign policy . " Opinion : Bobby Jindal does n't know what he 's talking about	Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal decried "  no-go zones , " where sovereign governments cede authority to Muslims A Fox News commentator sparked controversy when he mentioned the idea last week , which has been debunked Jindal stuck to his speech , however , and drew praise from conservatives
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- Nick Lott 's clothes hang neatly inside his closet . His room is tidy and his bed is sharply made . He says it 's "  a blessing " that he even has his own room to keep clean . "  This is all I 've got , really , " Nick says . "  It 's clean , comfortable , safe -- that 's a big thing . " His immaculate living quarters contradict his life , which was upended by his addiction to alcohol . And that 's what brought him to St. Anthony Residence in the first place . On the cinder-block wall next to his TV stand , Nick keeps a tally of how many days it has been since his last drink . At this moment , four days are crossed off the calendar . About 60 late-stage alcoholics live at St. Anthony Residence in St. Paul , which is partly funded by the state of Minnesota , and operated by Catholic Charities . It 's not a treatment center , although residents have access to counselors . They 're even allowed to drink at St. Anthony -- the alcohol is n't provided , but the men are allowed to bring it to the residence . The residents receive a monthly check of $ 89 , and most of it goes to alcohol . "  We can use that cash on anything we want to do , " resident Ray Spoor says , matter-of-factly . "  And I do n't only use it on alcohol , I use it on personal needs like toiletries ... but after that , I use it on booze . " Meet another St. Anthony resident St. Anthony -- often called a wet house -- operates under the principle that it 's safer and cheaper to have these guys drinking in a controlled environment than out on the cold Minnesota streets . "  These are all men that have been through treatment , numerous attempts , " says St. Anthony Residence program director Bill Hockenberger . "  These are men that lost their jobs , relationships , homes due to alcohol -- all family ties pretty much have really reached rock bottom . " The men are either recommended by the county after numerous visits to detox centers , or they can apply to live there . Dr. Drew : Pointed questions on ` wet houses ' Hockenberger says St. Anthony follows a harm-reduction model : It provides shelter , meals and medical attention for late-stage alcoholics , defined as those who have suffered a host of physical and psychological problems because of their drinking . "  The staff treat you with respect , " Lott says . "  I 'd be in a bad , bad position without a place like this . ... I would be running around panhandling and annoying people and maybe even stealing . " ` Harm reduction ' or ` giving up ' ? There are at least five "  wet houses " for chronic alcoholics in Minnesota . Catholic Charities operates two in the Twin Cities -- St. Anthony in St. Paul and the Glenwood in Minneapolis -- with the help of state funding . And there 's a similar residence , called Anishinabe Wakiagun , run by the Native American community in Minneapolis . Seattle opened 1811 Eastlake , a state-subsidized residence for late-stage alcoholics , in 2005 . And other cities , including Anchorage , Alaska ; Memphis , Tennessee , and Philadelphia are considering building similar housing . There was a lot of opposition in Seattle when the residence was first proposed in 1999 . A legal challenge led by a prominent businessman delayed the opening of 1811 Eastlake for six years . "  A lot of the rhetoric that their attorney used was that it would be a party house , a free-for-all , " said Nicole Macri , administrative director for Seattle 's Downtown Emergency Center , which oversees the residence . "  It really has more of a feel of a convalescent home than a party house . " A University of Washington-led research team studied a group of 95 chronically homeless alcoholics and found that in one year , they cost taxpayers more than $ 8 million in hospitalizations , detox center treatments and incarcerations . When the same group spent one year in Seattle 's Housing First program -- residences where they are allowed to drink -- the same group cost $ 4 million in taxpayer money , according to the study , which was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association . There are other Housing First programs across the United States that emphasize providing shelter first , then treating addictions later . So far , in Memphis , there has n't been a lot of opposition to building a residence where alcoholics can drink , city administrator Kimberly Mitchell said . The potential savings of taxpayer money is at the heart of the argument for a wet house-style residence that is part of Mayor A C Wharton 's 10-year action plan to end homelessness , Mitchell said . "  What we 're trying to tell them is that it 's going to affect everybody -- representatives from 911 , from the medical side , as well as the criminal side , " she said . "  If you have police pick them up , then that 's taxpayer dollars . " Manager : Housing chronic alcoholics makes moral , budget sense St. Anthony Residence in St. Paul advertises itself as a "  cost-effective and compassionate housing option " that "  costs less than $ 50 a night , " compared with a night at a detox facility , which costs more than $ 200 . But the idea of giving chronic alcoholics access to their drug of choice on the taxpayers ' dime is unacceptable to most addiction counselors . It 's basically giving up on a treatable disease , according to William C. Moyers , a director at Hazelden addiction treatment centers in the St. Paul-Minneapolis area . "  We feel that that it 's never too late , and that even if the alcoholic does n't want help , does n't mean that their drinking should be condoned or in any other way enabled or facilitated , " says Moyers , author of "  Broken : My Story of Addiction and Redemption . " "  I see the wet house model as a model that enables the addict in the alcoholic to continue those destructive patterns . " Dr. Drew Pinsky , an addiction specialist and host of HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " show , says that the idea of a residence allowing alcoholics to drink raises some concerns . "  It seems to me that these organizations sometimes use terminology that suggests this is a harm-avoidance option . But this , too , is treatment , not hospice , " Pinsky said . "  If wet houses provide safety , comfort and some measure of respect for those with a serious illness , they may be the best choice for some . " Nick 's story After vodka ruined his career as a kitchen manager , Nick Lott found himself sleeping under a bridge -- or "  sleeping under the stars , " as he puts it . " -LSB- I 'd -RSB- get so drunk , it did n't matter , " he says . Then , five years ago , he made his way to the Glenwood , before moving to St. Anthony . "  My sister kind of pooh-poohed it , -LSB- she -RSB- thought , you know , ` Why would you move into a place like that when you know you have the problems that you have ? ' " Nick says . "  But I think after awhile , they came to realize this was a pretty good thing . "  They would rather see me in a place like this than on the streets . " Nick had been in and out of detox centers "  at least 100 " times , sometimes just staying there for a shower and a place to sleep . He does n't like to talk about his past , but he readily takes responsibility for his situation . "  I regret a lot of decisions that I made . I really have nobody to blame for any of my misfortunes , " he says . "  It 's because I drank and the way I drink ... If I did n't drink , I think , things could have been very different . " On April 1 , the first Friday of the month , Nick gets his $ 89 check and cashes it . After a couple of purchases at Walmart , he spends the rest at a liquor store . "  A majority  of the $ 89  goes to drinking , and I know that must sound horrible to the taxpayers , but that 's what it is , " he says . "  Maybe that 's all there is left for me , " he ponders , his voice trailing . "  And it only makes you feel good for maybe a day or two , and then the money runs out or , you know , the physical and then mental things start going on ... and it just makes things worse . "  But the few moments that it does make you feel good almost seem worth it . " His routine , like that of most chronic alcoholics , revolves around his next drink . And that , he says , makes it impossible to stay connected to his siblings who live in Nebraska and Minnesota . "  I do n't see them very much . To be quite honest , I kind of avoid them , " he says . "  It 's like , what do you talk about ? ` Well what are you up to now , Nick ? ' ` Well , I live in a wet house , and I do n't work . Nothing 's going on with me . ' " Nick says he still has a sliver of hope that he can turn his life around , when asked if he expects to spend the rest of his life at St. Anthony : "  Well , that just depends on how much time I have left , " he says . "  You know , people die here all the time . ...  There 's  a possibility of not spending the rest of my time here , of maybe pulling myself up and making lifestyle changes . " Less than a month after that interview , Nick Lott died at the age of 52 -- a shock to those who knew him . St. Anthony officials did not have any details about his death , and his family could not be reached for comment . His words captured the struggle that chronic alcoholics face every day : "  It gets to where you almost feel afraid to quit drinking because it 's like sometimes , it just seems like that 's all there is . " CNN 's Tricia Escobedo reported from Atlanta and Chris Welch reported from St. Paul .	Homeless alcoholics can drink on the premises of St. Anthony Residence in Minnesota Supporters say these so-called wet houses provide a safe place and save taxpayer money Those opposed , mostly addiction counselors , believe the model gives up on a treatable disease There are wet houses in Seattle and Minneapolis-St . Paul
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Her name is Butterfly . Butterfly Boucher relies on encouragement from fans to fuel her determination . Really . "  It 's my real name , " the singer-songwriter said . "  It 's on my passport and everything . The first question -LSB- people usually ask -RSB- is , ` Is that your real name ? ' The second question is , ` Were your parents hippies ? ' " Well ? "  They were kind of hippies . They were just very creative types . " Born in Adelaide , Australia , Butterfly Boucher  rhymes with "  voucher "  is the middle of seven sisters and spent much of her childhood moving cities with her family in a motor home . And yes , some of her siblings have equally free-spirited names . "  My eldest sister , Rebecca , came home crying after her first day of school because there were two other Rebeccas in the class , " she said . "  So at that point , Mom and Dad were like , ` OK , next time we 're going to come up with something really original . ' So the next sister was Sunshine -- I think that 's more hippie than Butterfly -- and then me and then Eden , Angel and Harmony . " Although she 's happy to hear you say her name is a little quirky , the 29-year-old may cringe if you label her music as such . Boucher released her debut album , "  Another White Dash , " on A&M Records in 2003 but says she was given the runaround when it came to her sophomore release . "  They say -LSB- my music -RSB- is too quirky . They always say it 's too pop for the indie scene and too indie for the pop scene . " Watch  and listen  to some of Boucher 's sounds " After parting ways with her record label and having been allowed to keep the masters of her newer work , Boucher is going the independent route and will release the album June 2 on her own imprint . Called "  Scary Fragile , " Boucher says , it was completed more than three years ago . She 's determined to get it out there in spite of the challenges that come with being a DIY artist . "  The funding is my bank account , and it 's not a very big bank account , " she said . "  But I love working , and I work hard . It 's a lot easier to work hard when there 's a vision and there 's a good group of people behind you . " Constant encouragement from fans -- via her MySpace and Facebook pages -- has fueled her determination . She 's also gotten some breaks : "  Grey 's Anatomy " has used several of Boucher 's songs . She performed as the opening act on Sarah McLachlan 's "  Afterglow " tour , and she shared the vocal work with David Bowie on a cover of his hit song "  Changes " for the "  Shrek 2 " movie soundtrack . And in a show of support , fellow Aussie Nicole Kidman recently showed up at one of Boucher 's gigs in Nashville , Tennessee , where Boucher now lives . Currently on a mini tour of the United States , Butterfly Boucher fluttered  sorry  into CNN this week to talk about heartache , grand pianos and nicknames . CNN : What has it been like growing up with a name like Butterfly ? Do you feel like you 've grown into that name ? Butterfly Boucher : It does , yeah . I 'm out of the cocoon , definitely , and I 'm glad ! I do I feel like I 've had to grow into the name . Occasionally ... I catch it and I 'm like , "  Butterfly ! That 's ridiculous ! What kind of a name is that ? " Actually most of my friends call me Butter or Butters . CNN : How was music a part of your upbringing in Australia ? Boucher : It was a huge part of my life growing up . My dad was a musician ; he was a rock 'n' roller-songwriter kind of guy . So it 's definitely in my blood . I ... remember lying under a grand piano and just listening to -LSB- my dad and his friends -RSB- record in the other room and just loving this big black shiny piano , just the whole concept of music . I was in dreamland . CNN : One of the standout lines from this past season of "  American Idol " was when the judge Kara DioGuardi said the music business is paved with heartache . Do you agree with that sentiment ? Boucher : Absolutely . ... Artists tend to be kind of emotional people . If it 's good art , it should come from your soul , and it 's coming from an emotional part of you . So it is very hard . Over the years , I 've learned to balance the business side with the passionate artist side , because you just get too hurt . You take everything too personally , and sometimes you 've got to make decisions that you 're going to compromise things . I get depressed , but then you 've got ta get through it . The things that get you through are my fans and the whole generation of MySpace and Facebook . Every day I 'm getting just little comments like "  your music means so much to me . " Every day I get that , so it 's a constant encouragement from fans and new people that are discovering you . I have got it pretty good . CNN : Why did you call your album "  Scary Fragile ? " Boucher : It was just a song title of one of the songs . ... There was no real deep reason behind it . I just liked that song , and I thought none of the other song titles sounded like an album . For a while I was calling it "  Just Because , " and that was kind of lame . I do n't want to be too deep with my album titles . I just want it to be catchy and something that you 'll remember and then let the music and the lyrics do the rest of it . CNN : How do you like living in Nashville ? Boucher : Ah , Nashville ! I 've been there for about 10 years . In the last few years , it 's changed a lot . There are a lot of new people coming in . It helps that people like Jack White are embracing it , and Sheryl Crow . There are so many artists that secretly have a place there . And it 's just this great music city . There are more venues , more coffee shops . There are new collaborations , and everybody 's idea of what a good song is is changing , which I think is healthy for Nashville . I love it . CNN : What do you miss most about Australia ? Boucher : The meat pies ! I always crave meat pies . Sometimes I miss the smell of Australia . Although if you go to L.A. you can get it because they have a lot of eucalyptus trees there . So when it rains , it smells a bit like Australia .	Butterfly Boucher 's new album , "  Scary Fragile , " due out June 2 Singer does n't fit neatly into categories , so she 's launching record herself She 's gotten help from "  Grey 's Anatomy , " support of fans on Internet Yes , "  Butterfly " really is her name
CNN  -- Police in Maryland are on the hunt for the perpetrator of what appears to be an April Fools ' Day prank that left a man glued to a toilet at a Wal-Mart store . If caught , the jokester who doused the seat with glue at the Elkton Wal-Mart on March 31 could face second-degree assault charges , said Lt. Matthew Donnelly of the Elkton Police Department . Police , along with the Singerly Fire Co. and the Cecil County paramedics , were called to the scene at about 7 p.m. There , they found the 48-year-old victim , who called for help after realizing the sticky situation he was in when he tried -- and failed -- to stand up and leave the superstore 's restroom , Donnelly said . It took responders 15 minutes to remove the victim from the stall , but they were unable to disconnect the toilet seat from his body , Donnelly said . Instead , the victim was taken to Union Hospital of Cecil County , where the seat was detached . He left with only minor injuries to his buttocks , Donnelly said . Police do not suspect that the victim was specifically targeted , but that the incident was a random prank , Donnelly said . They have not received reports of glue-laden toilet seats since .	Apparently random victim had to be taken to hospital Wal-Mart incident appeared to be April Fools ' Day joke If caught , prankster could be charged with second-degree assault
EW.com  -- While the Broadway-bound "  Aladdin " is going through a whole new world of previews up in Toronto , Disney has found its next theatrical endeavor : the 1987 adventure comedy "  The Princess Bride . " Disney Theatrical Productions announced Monday that William Goldman 's 1973 novel and subsequent 1987 film adaptation would be the next in line for development by Disney 's stage arm . ` The Princess Bride ' : 10 INCONCEIVABLE facts from the Academy 's live-commentary screening Walt Disney Studios chairman Alan Horn  who worked closely on the film  shepherded the deal , which allows the piece to enter the arduous process of development for the stage . "  The Princess Bride " is a cult-favorite fairy tale rom-com about the love story between a country girl and a farm boy  or is he a pirate ?  , as told by a grandfather to his sick grandson . The original film starred Cary Elwes , Mandy Patinkin , Wallace Shawn , Fred Savage , Robin Wright , Peter Falk , Billy Crystal , Carol Kane and Andre the Giant . 12 things we learned at the 25th anniversary of ` The Princess Bride ' Interestingly enough , Disney did not announce what form the "  Princess Bride " stage production will take â $ " as of this writing , it 's not necessarily a play but not necessarily a musical , either . A previously attempted musical version from "  The Light in the Piazza " composer Adam Guettel fizzled out in 2007 . It 's also up in the air who the creative team will be or what the timetable for the project will entail . Hopefully , we 'll see this beloved classic translated to the stage in time for the 2023 Tony Awards ! See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Princess Bride " is being developed as a stage production It is n't clear yet whether it will be a play or a musical It 's also unknown who the creative team will be The original novel arrived in 1973 , followed by a movie in 1987
Fast cars , fast women and fast on their way to court -- it would seem some footballers are renowned as much for their pace on the pitch as for flouting the rules when it comes to the need to speed . New Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini might be known as the engineer , but he will want to put the brakes on his players getting behind the wheel . Carlos Tevez , who completed his move from City to Juventus last week , was just one player to feel the force of the law after being found guilty of committing motoring offenses . In April of this year , the Argentine was fined about $ 1,500 and told to carry out 250 hours of community service after being found guilty of driving while disqualified and without insurance . Tevez 's former teammate , Samir Nasri , was also banned from driving for six months and fined $ 3,180 after being caught on camera exceeding the speed limit three times in 2011 . Defender Micah Richards became the third Manchester City defender to be banned when his license was suspended for six months after failing to respond to two speeding notices . And it 's not just the Manchester City car pool that has had problems with that thirst for speed . Benzema In February , Real Madrid forward Karim Benzema car was clocked on a Madrid highway driving at 216 kilometers per hour -- more than double the legal limit . The Frenchman , who was driving an Audi , which is the official car sponsor of Real , was banned for eight months and fined nearly $ 23,000 . It came after a June 2011 incident where Benzema was fined for racing in downtown Ibiza . In April , Swansea City 's Kemy Agustien was banned from driving for 12 months after clocking up 39 penalty points -- 27 more than the usual limit of 12 that would get a player banned . Car sponsors are an essential aspect of the football industry but given the place footballers occupy in the hearts and minds -- and more importantly the wallets -- of the sport 's paying customers it 's unlikely that relationship will be ending anytime soon . "  Football is the sport that cuts through to by far the largest number of people around the world , " a spokeswoman for Audi , which runs sponsorship deals with Barcelona , Real Madrid , AC Milan and Manchester United , told CNN . "  Our experience based on our commitments with the top class European clubs tells us that there is major business potential for Audi within this sporting environment , both on a business-to-business footing and with consumers , i.e. the fans . "  Together with the teams we are conducting international activities not only in Europe but also in Asia . " Big business It is not difficult to understand why Audi has forged such a close relationship with a number of leading teams in Europe . "  The best example of this ` internationalization ' is the Audi Cup , which has been a resounding success both in terms of quantity and quality , " added the Audi spokeswoman . "  The 2011 competition was staged in Munich , and was broadcast in 180 countries , achieving more than one billion exposures during the pre-event and post-event coverage period . " While the commercial gains are obvious , the company was also keen to point out that it would take "  necessary constructive action " if players were found guilty of breaking motoring rules . "  Audi has sponsorship agreements with various associations and teams , " added the spokeswoman . "  Many of these agreements also contain clauses concerning the provision of Audi vehicles . "  Of course , we work on the basis that all the drivers of these Audi vehicles will comply with existing traffic regulations . "  If this proves not to be the case , it is the responsibility of the association or team management to take the necessary corrective action . " Aura of invincibility ? But it is not always easy to comply with existing traffic regulations when you have an "  aura of untouchability . " "  Players have absorbed this and , as if by osmosis , have begun to believe they are above reproach , " Ellis Cashmore , professor of culture , media and sport at Staffordshire University in the English Midlands , told CNN . "  Every day , they are surrounded by evidence of their immaculate status , whether in the media , or in restaurants and bars , or even just when they turn up for training where there 's usually an assembly of adoring fans and obsequious journalists . "  Footballers are only doing what the likes of you , me and other consumers do all the time -- buy products that confer value on them . "  Fans buy trainers , shirts , or dogs .  yes , dogs are commodities nowadays  , other people buy designer clothes , homes in desirable areas and , of course , cars . " When it comes to vehicles , added Cashmore : "  Footballers buy even more expensive cars , which tend to be faster , so tickets for speeding and parking are , in practical terms , irrelevant . "  We are all part of the same process -- buying visible status . The difference is that footballers can afford more and want their status to be not just visible but ostentatiously visible . " It 's not just players either -- managers have also been in trouble , with Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson famously being absolved of any wrongdoing in October 1999 after claiming he had severe diarrhoea and needed to reach a toilet after speeding down the highway . Beckham David Beckham was another to escape after winning an appeal against his eight-month driving ban in December 1999 . Beckham claimed he was trying to escape a paparazzi photographer when his Ferrari was clocked at 122 km/h in an 80 km/h zone . According to the judge , there were "  special circumstances " which had caused Beckham to break the speed limit . Both Ferguson and Beckham were represented by attorney Nick Freeman , a man who has been nicknamed "  Mr Loophole " after successfully getting his clients off the hook . Freeman has represented golfer Colin Montgomerie , singer Van Morrison and countless other celebrities during his time working in the business . But other football stars have n't been so lucky : The likes of Rio Ferdinand and Jermain Defoe have also felt the force of the authorities , with both men being handed bans from driving . And Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo survived a high-speed crash in January 2011 after smashing his $ 303,000 Ferrari against a Manchester tunnel when he was playing for United . Balotelli And then there 's that man , Mario "  Why always me ? " Balotelli , who crashed his Bentley last April in a collision with another car . Balotelli , who now plays in Italy with Milan , paid out nearly $ 15,000 in parking fines and had his white Maserati impounded just the 27 times during his spell at City . And while car sponsors continue to queue up to sign marketing deals with football clubs , others within the motor industry remain concerned about the impact players flouting the law has . "  It does n't help having someone who can have cars at the higher end of the market who is ignoring the law , " Damien Smith , editor of Motor Sport Magazine , told CNN . "  I was surprised that Tevez was n't given a custodial sentence and the judge did n't make an example of him . " Smith adds , however , that it 's not a new phenomenon ; footballers and cars have had this relationship going back to the 1970s . "  Footballer players are very rich young men who have a penchant for buying nice shiny cars and have a reputation for buying the most expensive . They 're high powered and high performance cars and there will be occasions when they go too fast . " Unfortunately , it 's unlikely that footballers are about to change their way . According to a survey taken in February 2011 by British insurance firm Elephant , professional football players "  are the drivers most likely to have points on their driving license for committing offenses such as speeding , running red lights and using a phone whilst driving . " After consulting data from more than over three million motorists in the UK , research showed that almost a third of football players have points on their license . Temptation Elephant.co.uk managing director , Brian Martin , said at the time , "  Powerful cars are closely associated with the footballers ' lifestyle so perhaps for some of them the temptation to speed is simply too much . " With wages at the top level still rising and punishments such as that handed out to Tevez unlikely to act as a deterrent , life in the fast lane looks set to continue for a while longer . But perhaps a sobering thought might give some football players a reason to pause and think . Courtney Meppen-Walter had the world at his feet after joining Manchester City . Now , at the age of 18 , he is serving a 16-month sentence after being found guilty of causing the deaths of two people in a car crash . He admitted to causing their death by careless driving and was banned from driving for three years . Footballers may have a need for speed -- but the speed of thought might be more useful next time they consider flouting the law .	Manchester City have had three players banned for driving offenses since start of 2013 Survey shows almost a third of football players in UK have points on license "  Players believe they are beyond reproach " when it comes to traffic laws Audi says it will take action if players break law while driving its brand of vehicle
CNN  Searchers have found the tail section of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 in the murky depths of the Java Sea , raising hopes that the plane 's black boxes and the precious information they hold might soon be recovered . The tail section , marked with part of the airline 's logo , was detected by sonar early Wednesday , said Bambang Soelistyo , the head of Indonesia 's search and rescue agency . Divers were sent to the location and plunged into the waves . Down on the sea floor , they were able to take pictures of the wreckage . Finding the tail section is a potentially vital step in the investigation because that is where the flight data and voice recorders -- the so-called black boxes -- are located in the Airbus A320-200 , the aircraft model of Flight QZ8501 . "  The cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder are absolutely crucial to gaining an understanding of what happened to this aircraft , " said Greg Waldron , the managing editor of Flightglobal , an aviation industry website . Are the black boxes there ? But it 's still uncertain if the black boxes are in the piece of wreckage the searchers discovered . "  I am led to believe the tail section has been found , " tweeted AirAsia Group CEO Tony Fernandes . "  If right part of tail section then the black box should be there . " That 's assuming the flight recorders did n't come loose as the plane went down and hit the water . "  It 's by no means certain that the recorders are located within the tail , " Waldron said , noting that searchers have n't reported detecting any pings from the black boxes ' locator beacons . "  They might have fallen free , which could create some issues , " he said . Vital information The recorders are generally considered the key piece of evidence when it comes to investigating a commercial plane disaster . The data recorder provides a wide range of valuable information about what the plane was doing , from its air speed to the position of the landing gear . The cockpit voice recorder captures communications between the pilots . In this case , officials hope it will contain any possible discussion of the crisis that eventually brought down the jet , Waldron said . Investigators will be looking for answers why Flight QZ8501 dropped off radar and went down December 28 . The plane lost contact after the pilot requested permission to turn and climb to a higher altitude , according to Indonesian officials . Divers to keep looking Soelistyo said Wednesday that divers were preparing to go back underwater in the same area , which is in one of the priority zones where search efforts have been focused . He did n't say at what depth the tail section had been found . "  Elements are also still conducive for another search . They also are striving to find the black box , " Soelistyo told Indonesia 's Channel tvOne . One of the images released by the search agency showed what appeared to be the letters A and X ; another showed the word "  Air " from the AirAsia logo . Searchers have been scouring the choppy waters of the Java Sea for remains from the commercial jet since it lost contact , with 162 people on board . It was flying from the Indonesian city of Surabaya to Singapore . Search teams had located several large pieces of wreckage believed to be from the plane but none of them as significant as the tail . Difficult conditions -- including thunderstorms , strong winds and big waves -- have hampered the search efforts , which are now in their 11th day . Soelistyo also said Wednesday that another body had been found in the sea , bringing the total to 40 . Some of the bodies recovered previously have been discovered still strapped into seats . Many family members of the people on board the plane have been waiting in Surabaya for news of their loved ones . Of the 40 bodies discovered , 16 have been identified publicly . The vast majority of the people on the plane were Indonesian . There were also citizens of Britain , France , Malaysia , Singapore and South Korea . The airline said Wednesday that it will offer family members roughly $ 100,000 in compensation per passenger . The amount is in addition to $ 24,000 offered to families to help with immediate financial hardship . Journalist Intan Hadidjah and translator Edi Pangerapan contributed to this report .	The national search chief says the object was confirmed as the tail by lettering on it The tail is significant , as that is where flight recorders are located in the Airbus A320-200
CNN  -- The governor of Oklahoma , Mary Fallin , says it is "  hard to believe " another monster tornado could devastate the Oklahoma City suburb of Moore . The odds of one striking the same place twice are extremely rare -- rarer still if it 's near a populated area . But if that place is Moore , science may offer an explanation . "  Oklahoma has one of the highest climatological likelihoods for tornadoes of any place in the nation , " according to Bob Henson of the National Center for Atmospheric Research . "  So if two EF4/EF5 tornadoes are going to strike the same city within 15 years , Moore is as likely as any other place . Even so , this is an extremely rare occurrence , " Henson said . On average , 10 tornadoes a year reach the most dangerous classification and almost never strike populated areas . Monday 's deadly storm was the exception . Oklahoma City area hammered by EF5 tornado in 1999 Moreover , it partly followed the path of an EF5 tornado that walloped metro Oklahoma City in 1999 , killing three dozen people . That twister tracked a path that included Moore , a southern suburb of more than 50,000 people . It was one of the costliest tornadoes in U.S. history . Dallas-Fort Worth , Kansas City and St. Louis are also considered high risk for severe tornadoes , according to Harold Brooks of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Severe Storms Laboratory in Norman , Oklahoma . Deadliest tornadoes on record Yet , none of those metro areas has been through what Moore has experienced . Monday 's storm caused enormous property destruction and killed at least two dozen people . "  Yet it was a relatively ordinary violent tornado , " according to Brooks , an acknowledged expert on the climatology and probability of twisters . Tornado prediction is improving Such twisters are defined as those that have winds of at least 200 mph , are a half-a-mile or more wide , and produce the most fatalities . When they touch down , they normally stay on the ground for 30 to 60 minutes . The National Weather Service said Monday 's tornado was 1.3 miles wide as it tore through Moore . The estimated peak winds ranged from 200 to 210 mph -- which would make it an EF5 , the most powerful category . Judging by the vast destruction of homes and buildings , experts say it was on the ground for about 40 minutes . The number of tornadoes overall seems to be more variable . "  In the last three years we have set records for the most tornadoes in 12 consecutive months and the least number of tornadoes in 12 consecutive months , " Brooks said . He has no explanation for the inconsistency . EF5 tornadoes are terrifying perfect storms	Moore hit by devastating twisters twice since 1999 The biggest tornadoes usually do n't strike populated areas Oklahoma has one of the highest climates Estimated peak winds in Monday 's deadly storm were between 200-210 mph
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A 14-year-old who was trained to kill by radicals in the tribal regions of Pakistan now sits in a crowded classroom at a detention facility in Kabul . His only wish is to see his parents again . Shakirullah , 14 , is convicted of planning to carry out a suicide bombing in Afghanistan . "  I miss my parents , my mom and dad , " Shakirullah says in soft tones . Like others in tribal regions , he goes by one name . Shakirullah is already a convicted terrorist for planning to carry out a suicide bombing . He says Muslim radicals lied and tricked him into becoming a would-be bomber . "  I have been detained for trying to commit a suicide attack , " he says . He says his recruiters told him it was his mission as a Muslim to kill British and American soldiers because they were killing Muslims . Watch teen say recruiters "  cheated me " " They told him that once he blew himself up he would n't die because God would save him for being a true Muslim . Asked what he now thinks of Americans and Westerners , Shakirullah is calm , but quick in his response . "  I do n't know . God knows what type of people they are , whether they are good or bad . I do n't know them , " he says . Shakirullah now passes his hours in a cell block at a juvenile detention facility in Kabul . He is serving at least five years in detention . He is to be transferred to an adult prison in a couple of years , authorities say . He has n't heard from his family in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan . He tried to send them a letter through the International Committee of the Red Cross but is not sure it reached them . "  I do n't know what they are thinking . They have no news of me , " he says . On this day , Shakirullah attends a rehabilitation class , easily lost in the crowd of boys with shaved heads . All of the children are convicted for various crimes , including theft , fighting and even murder . Three boys like Shakirullah are here , all guilty of planning to kill themselves and others after being recruited by terrorist groups . With the increased violence in Afghanistan , international observers say they have seen more and more children being recruited by armed groups and national forces . The Taliban , which ruled Afghanistan with its strict Islamic rule from 1996 to 2001 , has regrouped and launched a fierce insurgency . "  As you see in many places in the world , children are being used in armed conflict . They 've been recruited as child soldiers ; they 've been recruited as armed groups . And the phenomena is now impacting , again , Afghanistan , " says Catherine Mbengue , the UNICEF representative in Afghanistan . Watch one boy 's struggle begging for food on streets " Inside the detention center , Shakirullah walks up to his cell , his sandals sliding across the tile floor . The cell block is empty and has metal bunk beds lined across the wall and a television set , ready for the times they have electricity . Shakirullah shares this space with 10 other boys . He sits in the center of the room with a blanket draped around him . He barely makes eye contact and looks away as soon as he does . He is shy , but forthright in his words . "  I did n't want to do it but he forced me to go , " he says of his recruiter . Rubbing his face with his hand , he says he now spends his time dreaming of his life back home in rural Pakistan . His eyes begin to water and his voice becomes softer when he talks about missing his mother . Asked what he misses most about her , he says simply , "  A mother is a mother . " His was a life of farming and tranquility in Pakistan , he says . It was also a life that took a drastic turn when his father decided to send Shakirullah for studies at a madrassa . He says his dad wanted him to learn more about Islam and the Quran , something he could not do himself . He says his father did n't know radicals ran the school . In the madrassa , Shakirullah learned to recite the Quran in Arabic , not his native language . He relied solely on the fanatical interpretations the mullahs were giving him . "  When I finished reciting the Quran , a mullah then came to me and told me , ` Now that you have finished the Quran , you need to go and commit a suicide attack . ' That I should go to Afghanistan to commit a suicide attack , " he says . The teenager was n't given the chance to say goodbye to his parents or siblings when he was driven to the Pakistan-Afghan border and handed over to strangers . He says he was taken to the southeastern province of Khost , a hotbed for terrorist activity in Afghanistan . Suicide attacks have risen in Afghanistan since the U.S.-led invasion to topple the Taliban began in late 2001 , after the 9/11 attacks on New York and the Pentagon . Shakirullah says that before the police arrested him , he was learning how to drive a car but that he was not sure how he was supposed to carry out his attack . Khost is the province where a suicide car bomb went off near a voter registration site this past Sunday , killing 16 people , 14 of whom were children . At the juvenile detention facility , Shakirullah and the others are now being taught a different interpretation of Islam . "  The teachers educate them on Islam , and explain to them that the acts that they were doing is not right for them and for others , " says Mir Fayaz ah-Din , who works and lives with the boys at the facility , mentoring them and helping them in their rehabilitation . "  The way you want to kill yourself and someone else -- it in itself is a big offense in Islam . " Shakirullah now says of his recruiters , "  They cheated me . "	Teen is serving at least 5 years for plot to carry out suicide bombing He says Muslim radicals at school duped him into becoming a would-be bomber The thing he misses most about home is his mom and dad : "  I miss my parents " Detention facility is teaching jailed children a moderate interpretation of Islam
The ghastly video shows how barbaric the Syrian civil war can be . A man , said to be a well-known rebel fighter , carves into the body of a government soldier and cuts out his heart and liver . "  I swear to God we will eat your hearts out , you soldiers of Bashar . You dogs . God is greater ! " the man says . "  Heroes of Baba Amr ... we will take out their hearts to eat them . " He then puts the heart in his mouth and takes a bite . Opinion : Is Obama failing on moral leadership ? A group loyal to President Bashar al-Assad posted the video online Monday . The group describes the mutilation as a "  crime that crosses all lines . " It 's a sentiment shared by the main opposition alliance , which describes the act as "  horrific and inhumane . " "  The Syrian Coalition strongly condemns this act , if it is revealed to be true , " the dissident group said in a statement . "  The coalition stresses that such an act contradicts the morals of the Syrian people , as well as the values and principles of the  rebel  Free Syrian Army . " On Wednesday , the FSA said it will investigate whether the man in the video is a member of the rebel army . In a Facebook post , the group also said "  the abuser will be punished severely even if they are associated with the Free Syrian Army . " Rebel spokesman : There 's more to the story Although CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , CNN has interviewed a local rebel spokesman who confirmed the incident and said he has spoken to the man in the footage . Tariq al Sayed , a spokesman from the Homs neighborhood of Baba Amr , said he is a friend of the rebel in the video . He said the incident took place more than two weeks ago , after several rebels and government troops were killed in a battle in western Homs . Al Sayed said when he saw the video , he told his friend to take it off the Internet because the act was so perverse . "  This was an isolated incident .  His  actions do not represent the FSA . His actions only represent himself , " al Sayed said . "  This is not just a normal person who sits home . He has had two brothers killed . His mom and dad were detained , and the rest of his family displaced . " The Baba Amr district of Homs , once a bastion of anti-government sentiment , was subjected to a brutal counteroffensive by the Syrian army starting in February 2012 , Human Rights Watch said . Homs came under weeks of relentless attacks by government forces , including indiscriminate shelling on civilian areas . But the government has repeatedly denied attacking civilians , saying Syrian forces were targeting armed gangs and foreign terrorists bent on destabilizing the government . Regardless of the horrors suffered in Homs , the atrocious act in the video is inexcusable , Human Rights Watch said . "  It is not enough for Syria 's opposition to condemn such behavior or blame it on violence by the government , " said Nadim Houry , Middle East deputy director at Human Rights Watch . "  The opposition forces need to act firmly to stop such abuses . "	The rebel Free Syrian Army says it will investigate whether the man is in the FSA Local rebel : Two of the man 's brothers had been killed , and his parents were detained Homs , once a bastion for dissidents , endured indiscriminate attacks by regime forces The government said it was targeting armed gangs and terrorists in Homs
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez appeared on state television with a shaved head Monday , telling viewers it is a sign that his cancer treatment is working . He referred to it as his "  new look , " using an English fashion phrase to describe his appearance . "  Chemotherapy attacks the whole body , and the act of hair falling out is normal , and it also shows that the treatment is effective , " he said . Chavez said his cancer treatment is going well and he is "  advancing optimally . " In June , Chavez announced that doctors had removed a cancerous tumor from his body , but the Venezuelan leader has not specified what type of cancer . He traveled to Cuba last month for about a week of chemotherapy . Chavez was jovial as he spoke to members of his Cabinet for more than an hour after swearing in several new government ministers . He mocked critics for widespread speculation about his illness . "  They keep speculating without any scientific basis , " he said . Chavez also reiterated his support for Moammar Gadhafi , reading a letter he recently received from the embattled Libyan leader . In the letter , Gadhafi said he was praying for Chavez 's health and decried what he called a global conspiracy against Libya . Chavez and Gadhafi have a close relationship , having bonded partly over shared opposition to the United States ' global influence . In 2009 , a new football stadium in Libya was named after Chavez . The Venezuelan leader has spoken out numerous times since unrest erupted in Libya , accusing the United States and other countries of blowing the situation out of proportion to justify an invasion . On Monday , Chavez applauded with his Cabinet ministers as they chanted , "  Long live Moammar Gadhafi . " "  Brother , we are with you and we are with Libya , " he said , saluting toward the camera .	NEW : Chavez reiterates his support for Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi The Venezuelan president says his "  new look " is a good sign He said in June that doctors had removed a tumor Chavez mocks critics for speculating about his health
CNN  -- You 'll have to be doggedly clever to unlock Mike Linden 's new iPhone 5S . Linden , 23 , was fooling around with the fingerprint sensor on the iPhone he purchased Friday morning . He found it dull locking and unlocking it with his own finger , so he decided to find out what would happen if he programmed the front right paw of his pet Chihuahua , Hurley , into the gadget . How secure is your iPhone 5S fingerprint ? Much to his surprise , the pawprint did the job . "  I thought this is never going to work , and it did ! " Linden told CNN iReport . "  The funniest thing is , it only works for the paw I programmed . It does n't work for the other three . " Dogs are n't the only four-legged friends who can handle the sensor . TechCrunch found it has worked for cats , too . Linden , a musician in Burnsville , Minnesota , is an Apple fan : He was in line at Minnesota 's Mall of America at 4:45 a.m. to be among the first to get the new iPhone . The phone has a fingerprint sensor in its Home button for added security . Users must "  register " their print with the device , after which they can unlock the phone by placing a finger or thumb on the button . But though he 's been tickled by the finger  paw ?  print sensor , Linden 's not too pleased with the particular phone he bought . The sound from the phone receiver is muffled and he suspects he 'll have to return it . When he does , Hurley might not be as cooperative . "  The more I do it the angrier he gets , " Linden said . "  I 've tried all the paws now and he put up quite a fight to get the back ones on there . I have to give him a lot of treats . " Hmm . Treats . Perhaps a new Apple marketing strategy ?	iReporter Mike Linden finds new iPhone fingerprint sensor works for his dog Linden 's dog , Hurley , had paw programmed to unlock the iPhone 5S Hurley is n't too fond of his role , however -- "  the more I do it , the angrier he gets "
CNN  An unmanned NASA-contracted rocket exploded in midair early Tuesday evening , producing huge flames and loud booms along the eastern Virginia coast but no injuries or deaths . Orbital Sciences Corp. 's Antares rocket and Cygnus cargo spacecraft had been set to launch at 6:22 p.m. ET from the Wallops Flight Facility along the Atlantic Ocean , carrying roughly 5,000 pounds of supplies and experiments to the International Space Station . It exploded about six seconds after launch . What was left of the spacecraft and rocket plummeted back to Earth , causing even more flames upon impact . The rocket and spacecraft -- which together cost more than $ 200 million , according to Frank Culbertson , the general manager of Orbital 's Advanced Programs Group -- are gone . And there 's obvious damage beyond that , including to the launchpad , though the night skies made it hard to immediately gauge how much . One thing officials do know is that rocket science is , in the words of NASA Administrator Bill Gerstenmaier , "  a really tough business . " "  Tonight 's events really show the difficulty that it takes for us to do this task of delivering cargo to the space station , " he said . What happened ? The Orbital rocket had been set to go up Monday , only to be scrubbed "  because of a boat down range in the trajectory Antares would have flown had it lifted off , " according to NASA . Coast Guard spokesman David Weydert said the boat that triggered the postponement was 40 miles offshore . Tuesday , by contrast , seemed perfect . Just before liftoff , NASA reported "  100 % favorable " weather and "  no technical concerns with the rocket or spacecraft being worked . " It seemed to be going perfectly when Ed Encina saw the launch brighten up the sky from his vantage point about 3 miles away . "  And then , all of a sudden , you see a big fireball , " said Encina , a Baltimore Sun reporter . Encina recalled a loud boom that caused "  your feet  to  shake a little bit , " as well as flames enveloping a roughly 100-yard area around the launchpad in a marshy area with brush . CNN iReporter Dymetria Sellers , who watched from a drawbridge because the NASA visitors station was ful , recalled a "  breathtakingly beautiful " sight when the rocket ascended , followed by mass confusion as flames lit up the early nighttime sky moments later . "  About 30 seconds later , we could hear and feel two booms reach us , and it was apparent the rocket had exploded , " she said . Did you witness the rocket explosion ? Please share your images Mark Kelly , a former NASA astronaut , said such a colossal fire was to be expected . "  It takes a lot of propellant to take a spacecraft of that size moving 25 times the speed of sound , " Kelly told CNN , explaining how fast the rocket should have gone on its way to the space station . "  So when it fails , it 's usually pretty catastrophic . " Authorities said the safety parameters appear to have worked , and noted the lack of casualties . "  All we lost was hardware , " Culbertson said . "  That hardware , however , is very important . " Will rocket 's ` catastrophic failure ' set back the private space industry ? So what happened ? That 's exactly what officials -- both from public agencies like NASA and private companies like Orbital -- hope to find out in the coming days and weeks . "  What we know so far is pretty much what everybody saw on the video , " Culbertson said . "  The ascent stopped , there was some , let 's say disassembly , of the first stage , and then it fell to Earth . ... We do n't really have any early indications of exactly what might have failed , and we need some time to look at that . " Orbital will lead the investigation , along with the Federal Aviation Administration , with NASA assisting . Among other things , they 'll try to collect and examine any debris that can be recovered , review data from the spacecraft before its destruction and look at videos around the launch time . The main focus Tuesday night was safety . Bill Wrobel , the Wallops Flight Facility director , said fire crews had set up a perimeter around the affected area . "  We 're just basically letting the fire burn out , but they are contained , " he added . Authorities expressed confidence that no people were directly affected by the explosion , but they could come across scattered remnants that are possibly floating in the water . As to when Orbital will fly again from Wallops , the only site it 's now permitted to launch from , Culbertson did n't specify a timetable beyond saying , "  We will fly again as soon as we can safely . " Gerstenmaier offered a similar take : "  We 'll figure out what the failure is , we 'll fix it , and we 'll learn from it . " In the meantime , they 'll have to rebound from the loss . A third of the spacecraft 's cargo was material for scientific investigations such as a Houston school 's experiment on pea growth and a study on blood flow in space . There also were basic supplies meant for the crew of the space station -- now orbiting more than 200 miles above Earth -- including more than 1,300 pounds of food . But in the short term , no one is saying the space station 's six-person crew will go hungry . NASA wo n't directly restock them , having relied on private companies to do so since the end of its space shuttle program . That includes Virginia-based Orbital , which had its first of eight planned ISS launches in January out of the Wallops facility as part of its $ 1.9 billion contract with NASA . Orbital becomes second private firm to send cargo to ISS If Orbital ca n't resupply the space station , others can . On Wednesday , for instance , a Russian Soyuz resupply spacecraft stocked with cargo and crew supplies is set to launch from Kazakhstan . SpaceX , another private company , plans its fifth mission in December , including more supplies and a laser instrument to measure pollution , dust and other aspects of the atmosphere , according to NASA . Even if those missions somehow fail , the space station crew has enough on hand to last well into next year . "  The station is in great shape ; the crew is in good shape , " said Mike Suffredini , NASA 's ISS manager . iReport : Explosion as seen from Maryland 's eastern shore CNN 's Chandler Friedman , Kevin Conlon , Jareen Imam and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Explosion shows space travel "  a really tough business , " NASA official says Spacecraft , rocket alone cost over $ 200 million , Orbital Sciences exec says Space station crew is in good shape even without resupply , says official The spacecraft burst into flames seconds after liftoff ; no injuries are reported
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Election results in four major Indian states Friday marked a momentous comeback for the country 's ruling Congress-led coalition , although it was undercut in one state by backlash against a graft-tainted coalition member . Analysts say the good showing for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's coalition is a much-needed boost for the government , battered by a series of corruption scandals , rising inflation , and low investor confidence in Asia 's third largest economy . In the eastern state of West Bengal , more than three decades of communist rule came to an end as the Congress alliance led by populist leader Mamata Banerjee won a landslide victory . The Communist Party of India also lost its strong hold in the southern state of Kerala . Analysts say the left 's Marxist economic policies seem increasingly outdated in the world 's second-fastest growing major economy . The only remaining red state in India is Tripura in the northeast , with a scant population of 3.6 million people . Meanwhile , in the southern state of Tamil Nadu , the federal coalition was defeated as its key ally , the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam , lost its political monopoly . The DMK party has been badly hit by a multibillion-dollar telecoms corruption scandal that has cost the country up to $ 31 billion , according to a government audit . The man at the center of the scandal , A. Raja , is a DMK member and former telecoms minister . He was arrested last month for his alleged involvement in the selling of telecom licenses at rock-bottom prices . "  The DMK party has institutionalized corruption in Tamil Nadu for years and their defeat clearly shows voters will no longer tolerate corruption , " said political analyst P. Nilotpal of the Center for Indian Political Research and Analysis . Tamil Nadu 's chief minister and the head of the DMK party , M. Karunanidhi , resigned after his party 's defeat . Karunanidhi 's daughter and DMK lawmaker M.L Kanimozhi also faces charges for her alleged involvement in the telecom scandal . A court will is expected to decide whether Kanimozhi will be sent to jail on Saturday . "  For the longest time , local elections in India were fought along caste or religious issues , " Nilotpal said . "  But now people are awakened , they are saying no to politicians or political families who have dominated for so many decades . " Analysts say these election results are crucial as the coalition will be in a better position to act on long-awaited reforms such as a new legislation on land acquisition . They say the regional elections could be considered a referendum ahead of the national elections in 2014 .	The regional elections give a boost to the prime minister 's government Three decades of Communist Party rule end in West Bengal But the coalition loses in Tamil Nadu as a scandal hurts the DMK party
CNN  -- Former Super Bowl champion Brett Favre was back on the football field wearing his No. 4 jersey and throwing touchdowns in front of a cheering crowd . But while his fans from Green Bay , New York and Minnesota will be able to see him in action at 8 p.m. ET August 26 on NBC , he 's not making yet another comeback to the NFL . Favre was on the field in Grant Park in downtown Chicago recently with other NFL greats such as Jerry Rice , Michael Irvin , Deion Sanders , Marcus Allen and Barry Sanders , playing in the annual EA Sports "  Madden " Pigskin Pro Am flag football game . Favre said he was happy to be back on the gridiron in organized play . "  It 's kind of exciting , " Favre said . "  Obviously , it 's different . Some of these guys I 've played against and had some battles  with  over the years , but it 's always nice to regroup and swap some old stories . It 's always fun to play football . " Before the high-scoring affair , which included video game-style gold balls for 12-point scores and special bonuses for touchdowns thrown in certain spots in the end zone , the 11-time Pro Bowler was n't promising a return to his glory days . "  I would n't expect too much , but we 've got a lot of pride . No one 's an athlete like Deion  Sanders  ; he 's in a class by himself . The rest of us are just trying to show we still have a little bit of skills , " he said . Favre was gunslinging against veteran quarterback Donovan McNabb , who 's not ready for retirement yet . The annual event , which also featured celebrities such as Josh Henderson  "  Dallas "  , Terry Crews  "  The Expendables 2 "  , Jesse Williams  "  The Cabin in the Woods "  and singer Nick Jonas , helps drum up awareness for what gamers believe is the true start of the new NFL season -- the launch of EA Sports "  Madden NFL 13 " on August 28 . "  I hope EA does n't judge us off of today , " Favre said jokingly . "  The kids I work with back at the high school back home , they were giving me a hard time . They said I 'm real slow on Madden . I 'm hoping to change that today . " Favre played video games back in the day such as Pong and Pac-man , but he says he 's seen gaming come a long way since then . And he believes video games such as "  Madden " can help aspiring quarterbacks . "  I think it 's beneficial , " Favre said . "  I also think that kids should get out and play , actually get out and do some physical stuff . I think Madden does teach them a lot about the sport . The fan base that video games have reached is amazing . The advancements that they 've made are just unbelievable . I think in a lot of ways it 's good , as long as the kids will get out and participate in some of the things that they 're playing  onscreen  . " Favre was on the cover of "  Madden NFL 09 " back in 2008 , which marked the 20th anniversary of the bestselling game franchise . Favre was originally seen in his Green Bay Packers uniform , but Electronic Arts changed subsequent cover art to reflect his New York Jets uniform after he came out of retirement to play again . "  I was n't jinxed  being on the cover  ; I would n't say that , " said Favre , referring to the "  Madden Curse " that has seen more than its fair share of cover athletes suffer injuries or other mishaps the season after they appear . "  I consider it a huge honor . " Detroit Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson graces the cover of the new "  Madden NFL 13 . " Electronic Arts says it has completely overhauled the game , making the most changes to the franchise in its history . One of the additions is a new online mode that allows players to take former greats all the way to the Hall of Fame . When asked what it 's like to remain in the Madden franchise after retirement , Favre replied , "  It 's nice to know I 'm alive and kicking , let 's just put it that way . " Another new feature that armchair quarterbacks will be happy with is that the new Madden game allows players to lead the receivers -- just like Favre did during his career . When it comes to technology and video games , Favre has no idea what 's next for "  Madden NFL 14 " or beyond , he said . "  I do n't even want to guess , " Favre said . "  Just when you think you 've seen it all , something else comes out . I think that as great as it is now , the advancements that have been made ; I just think it 's going to grow tremendously . " While Favre is from the original generation of arcade gamers , today 's NFL players have grown up with controllers in their hands . "  They play video games all the time , " said Hall of Famer Jerry Rice , who was also on the field with Favre . "  They play Madden more than they want to practice for the real football game . It just shows that it 's a great game and that you can get consumed by it . You 've got to be smart , make decisions , and do all of that stuff , but it 's an unbelievable game . " One current player , and the coach of one of the two Pigskin Pro Am teams , said that he does n't play as much any more . "  I used to be really big into Madden , but it 's gotten kind of complicated now , " the Chicago Bears ' Lance Briggs said . "  When you 're getting skunked by some of your friends , teammates and peers , it 's not as fun as it used to be . So I watch and buy the game so that I can find out what my rating is . I 'm either cursing out Madden for my rating being too low , or I 'm semi-happy because they raised it up a little bit . " With real playbooks featured in Madden and constant input by John Madden himself , the ` x 's and o 's ' of football are being taught to the next generation of gridiron greats . "  What I love about Madden is that it teaches kids like my sons Michael and Elijah how to read man in zone defenses at an early age , " Hall of Famer Irvin said . "  I 'm taking them on the field now and explaining things , and they 're like , ` Yeah , I understand , Dad . ' I say , ` That 's right , from the video game . ' It really is amazing how much the game teaches . " Technology is advancing to the point where the new Madden game on Xbox 360 will allow players to design custom calls on their tablet and import them into the game . Kinect owners will also be able to call audibles using their voice . "  In a few years , if the players in the video game are n't speaking and disagreeing with their coaches ' calls and things like that , I would be really surprised , " Super Bowl Champion Marcus Allen said . "  It has advanced that far . You can be a general manager , a coach or a player . You can do just about anything in the game . " And the Madden game still has enough pull to bring former NFL greats back to the field to play the sport they continue to love , even if these days they 're only making those amazing highlight reel plays virtually .	Brett Favre will play in a "  Madden NFL 13 " Pigskin Pro Am flag football game August 26 Favre says as long as kids are athletic in real life , Madden games can teach them a lot "  Madden NFL 13 " is updated with an online mode and other features EA Sports releases "  Madden NFL 13 " on August 28
CNN  Starbucks charges more than $ 5 for a large  "  venti " in Starbucks speak  Caramel Frappuccino , yet no one bats an eye . But when the CEO of Starbucks announced a plan he hoped would ease racial tensions , the response was immediate outrage ! This latest controversy started Monday when Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz unveiled a new initiative in which Starbucks baristas would write the words "  Race Together " on coffee cups to help spark a dialogue on race . Schultz even took out full-page ads in The New York Times and USA Today touting this effort . Twitter immediately lit up with a flurry of angry tweets -- apparently from people who have consumed far too much caffeine . Surprisingly , though , the backlash came from all sides . One self-described conservative tweeted this : A person who noted her support of progressive causes in her Twitter profile tweeted : Even people in the middle expressed scorn with tweets such as : I , on the other hand , applaud Schultz 's efforts , at least in theory . As Schultz correctly stated when discussing the genesis for "  Race Together , " "  If we just keep going about our business ... and ignoring this  racial issue  , then I think we are , in a sense , part of the problem . " Sure , I also see some logistical problems with the "  get your iced Mocha Frappuccino with a shot of racial tolerance " approach . First , I live in New York City , where New Yorkers barely have the patience to wait for a cup of plain old coffee to be poured let alone stand in line longer while people engage in a nuanced discourse on race . I can envision awkward situations where the baristas ask a customer , "  So how do you want your coffee ? " to which the customer responds , "  Black . " For some reason saying "  black " in the context of this program could feel uncomfortable . Next thing you know , Starbucks will have to coin politically correct terms for "  black " coffee . And as a practical matter , only 40 % of Starbucks employees are minorities . Consequently , in most Starbucks , the conversation about racial tolerance will between be between two white people . But let 's put those issues aside . The swift and angry backlash against Schultz 's idea proves once again that not only do n't we live in a post-racial America , we live in a hyper-racial one . In fact , a recent CNN/ORC poll found 40 % of Americans believe racial relations have become worse during the six years Barack Obama has been in the White House . It 's strikingly obvious that if we are going to improve this situation , we need to have a candid and brutally honest discussion about the underlying factors contributing to racism , the lack of empathy for people of other races , etc. . And that 's simply what Starbucks ' "  Race Together " stated goal is : "  to stimulate conversation , compassion and positive action regarding race in America . " Starbucks ' senior vice president of communications , Corey duBrowa , deleted his Twitter account Monday after "  feeling personally attacked in a cascade of negativity " and being "  overwhelmed by the volume and tenor of the discussion " in response to "  Race Together . " But duBrowa was back on Twitter on Tuesday night . Why ? Because he truly believed in "  the power of meaningful , civil , thoughtful , respectful open conversation . " DuBrowa 's reaction may just be a teachable moment on discussing race . It 's truly not an easy topic to broach . The initial response by some , like duBrowa , may be to shut down when racial discussions become uncomfortable . But then , hopefully like duBrowa did later , the conversation can be rejoined within a framework that 's respectful to all involved . But to be blunt , one of the biggest obstacles in even starting this conversation is that most white Americans do n't want to discuss race , as polls have confirmed . For example , after the grand jury in Ferguson , Missouri , did n't indict police Officer Darren Wilson in the killing of teenager Michael Brown , a poll found that 80 % of blacks felt that the shooting raised important issues about race that needed to be discussed . How many white people agreed ? Only 37 % . And personally I have seen some white friends become defensive when race issues are raised . Why ? Because many view it as an accusation that they are somehow racist  or at least complicit in racism  as opposed to a starting point for a productive conversation . The question is how can we begin that talk about race that our nation desperately needs to have ? True , the line at Starbucks might not be the best place . But it has to start somewhere if we are going to close the racial gap that many , including myself , feel is growing .	Response mostly negative after Starbucks launches initiative to talk about race relations Dean Obeidallah : Starbucks might not be best place , but how do we start a talk about race ?
CNN  -- When you 're talking about Chris Hemsworth being named People magazine 's new Sexiest Man Alive , do n't make the mistake of calling him "  that guy from ` The Hunger Games . ' " No , Chris Hemsworth is the ripped Australian actor who 's made a name for himself as the hammer-wielding Thor in Marvel 's blockbuster movies . The Hemsworth who does star in "  The Hunger Games " franchise is actually Hemsworth 's younger brother , Liam . While the two siblings have competed for a role once before -- they actually both auditioned to play Marvel 's Norse god , with Liam being a serious contender -- there 's no beef between them about Chris landing at the top of People magazine 's "  sexy " list . "  Liam 's been good ; we 've been throwing sexy looks back and forth all week , " Hemsworth , 31 , said on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " Tuesday , where his People magazine cover was revealed . "  He 's been a real team player . " And what does Hemsworth himself think of his sexy status ? "  I 'm most excited about the ` alive ' portion of that statement , " Hemsworth joked . "  The sexy is a bonus , and I 'm flattered . " Aside from his hotness , here are a few other things you should know about the star : Before he was Thor , he was a TV star Down Under Chris Hemsworth earned his first acting credit in 2002 , and in 2004 he landed the role of Kim Hyde on the Australian soap opera "  Home and Away . " After starring on the series for three years , Hemsworth moved on to the big screen , landing a part in J.J. Abrams ' 2009 "  Star Trek " as George Kirk . He 's actually the middle Hemsworth brother There are two Hemsworth siblings that are currently dominating our movie screens , but there 's actually a third Hemsworth brother , Luke . He 's the eldest , and is three years older than Chris . "  We grew up surfing and stuff , " Liam , 24 , told Details magazine of their upbringing in Melbourne , Australia . "  That 's why we can laugh  at the movie industry  . This business is ridiculous . " He 's married to Spanish actress Elsa Pataky Just as Chris Hemsworth 's reputation as Hollywood 's newest heartthrob was taking off , he settled down and tied the knot with Spanish actress Elsa Pataky in 2010 . When his wife learned that she 's married to the "  Sexiest Man Alive , " she thought "  it was pretty funny , " Hemsworth told People . "  We had a good laugh about it . " Perhaps that 's because , in the Hemsworth household , Pataky still reigns as "  the sexiest thing in the world , " Hemsworth said . He 's a major family man Chris and Elsa have been steadily building a family since they wed in 2010 . In 2012 , the couple welcomed their first child , daughter India Rose , and in March 2014 they added twin boys to their brood . With his movie commitments , Hemsworth has admitted that it is n't easy balancing fatherhood with his superhero duties . "  It makes it harder and harder to leave and go to work , " he told People of being a dad last year . "  I enjoy being at home a lot more than I ever have . " He 's not only about Marvel movies So far , Hemsworth has starred in two "  Thor " movies -- 2011 's "  Thor " and 2013 's "  Thor : The Dark World " -- and he has a third sequel on the way . That 's not even counting the times he suits up to star in Marvel 's "  Avengers " movies . Between that demanding schedule , Hemsworth is squeezing in other dramatic work . In 2013 , he starred as British race car driver James Hunt in "  Rush , " and in 2015 he 'll appear in Ron Howard 's action adventure , "  In the Heart of the Sea , " and a comedy called "  Vacation . "	Chris Hemsworth is People magazine 's Sexiest Man Alive for 2014 The Marvel star has become a box office hit as Thor He 's also a father and older brother to "  Hunger Games " star Liam Hemsworth
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored twice as European champions Barcelona secured the Club World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Brazil 's Santos in Yokohama Sunday . Messi opened Barcelona 's account and added their fourth and final goal in a one-sided match against their South American counterparts . Xavi and Cesc Fabregas scored their other goals in a first-half which saw Pep Guardiola 's men 3-0 ahead and in total control . It is their second Club World Cup title after 2009 and the 13th trophy won since Guardiola took charge at the Camp Nou in 2008 . "  We 've got a core of very talented players and the secret of our success is simple , " he told the official FIFA website . "  We study our opponents closely , use space well , keep control of the ball and move it around very quickly . My players are real competitors and I 'm sure they 're going to want to keep on going and win more trophies . " The match was billed as a showdown between Santos ' Neymar , who inspired their semifinal win over Kashiwa Reysol , and Argentina 's Messi . Villa injury mars Barcelona semifinal win But the Brazilian teenager was kept quiet and uncharacteristically wasted two second half opportunities . By contrast , Messi was at his irrepressible best , and set up by Xavi on 17 minutes made no mistake with a chipped finish . Xavi then struck after a fine run by Dani Alves and Barcelona were 2-0 up and cruising . Barely half and hour was on the clock when former Arsenal star Fabregas beat Rafael Cabral at the near post , with Xavi again the instigator after an impudent backheel from Messi . Barcelona were able to coast through the second half as Santos enjoyed their best spell , but it was fitting that Messi added his second with eight minutes left . Earlier Al Sadd , who lost 4-0 to Barcelona in the semifinals , beat Japanese champions Kashiwa Reysol 5-3 on penalties to take third place at the annual intercontinental tournament after the match had ended scoreless .	Barcelona beat Santos 4-0 in Club World Cup final in Japan Lionel Messi scores twice for European champions Xavi and Cesc Fabregas also on target in one-sided final Al Sadd beat Kashiwa Reysol in third-place playoff
CNN  -- The captain of the Italian national football team , Fabio Cannavaro , has hit out at his treatment at the hands of the world 's media after being cleared of doping by the Italian Olympic Committee  CONI  . Fabio Cannavaro has been cleared of doping by the Italian Olympic Committee . The Juventus defender , who led his country to World Cup victory in 2006 , failed a drugs test two days after treating a wasp sting with a cream containing cortisone on 28 August . The case against the 36-year-old , whose insect-allergy means that untreated stings could prove fatal , was dropped by CONI 's anti-doping prosecutor Ettore Torri after documentation detailing the situation was provided by his club . Torri has a notorious reputation for his hard line stance against doping in sport , having previously charged those who argued positive tests were the result of legitimate circumstances . After the results were announced , Cannavaro criticized how the story had been reported by many areas of the press . "  You get stung by a wasp and then find yourself in the newspaper as if you had been doping , " Cannavaro said . "  Some newspapers and television channels went too far -- this is the second time in my life that I 've found myself gratuitously in the newspapers for a story like this . "  I hope this story does not follow me beyond today . My career has always been distinguished by respect for the rules , " the footballer told Gazzetto dello Sport . Cannavaro was previously cleared of a similar charge in 1999 , when he was videoed inserting a drip into his arm before he went onto to help Parma beat Marseilles to win the Uefa Cup . "  I did n't have any doubt -LSB- about the outcome -RSB- . "  I am sorry that a matter of this kind stirred up such a fuss . "  My personal history and my career show my respect towards sports and the ethical principles which support it , " Cannavaro added . Italy sealed their place at the 2010 World Cup with a 2-2 draw against Ireland on Saturday , despite Cannavaro 's absence through suspension . Italy play Cyprus at home on Wednesday and have been buoyed by the news that talismanic forward Francesco Totti has said he would consider coming out of retirement for the World Cup . The injury-prone 33-year-old Roma captain retired from international play after lifting the world Cup in Germany . But he told Gazzetta dello Sport : "  It depends on coach  Marcello Lippi 's  choices and my condition . I owe  Lippi  a lot . "	Fabio Cannavaro is cleared of doping by the Italian Olympic Committee  CONI  . The Juventus defender led his country to World Cup victory in 2006 Case was dropped by hard line anti-doping prosecutor Ettore Torri Cannavaro criticizes how the story had been reported by world 's press
CNN  It 's probably no surprise to anyone who has flown through Atlanta that the city 's airport is still the busiest passenger airport in the world . Some 94.4 million passengers went through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in 2013 , a decrease of 1.1 % from 2012 , according to Airports Council International 's latest passenger traffic results for 2013 . Beijing Capital International Airport was in second place with 83.7 million passengers in 2013 , an increase of 2.2 % over 2012 . London Heathrow Airport remained in third place with 72.4 million passengers , an increase of 3.3 % , according to ACI , the worldwide association of airports . Tokyo International Airport  Haneda  , Chicago O'Hare International Airport and Los Angeles International Airport were in fourth , fifth and sixth places respectively , rankings that remained unchanged from 2012 . Dubai jumped from 10th to seventh place with 66.4 million passengers last year and a 15 % increase in traffic . "  With many major economies remaining in a fragile state , 2013 can best be characterized as a year of unstable recovery for the global economy , " said Angela Gittens , ACI 's director general , in a Wednesday press statement . "  Despite this challenging operating climate , worldwide traffic surpassed the 6 billion passenger mark in 2013 , " Gittens said . "  This represents an enormous feat for the airport industry as we commemorate the 100th anniversary of commercial aviation in 2014 . " Paris dropped from seventh to eighth place , Dallas/Fort Worth was ninth and Jakarta , Indonesia , was in tenth place . #ATL24 : Behind the scenes at the world 's busiest airport Passenger traffic grew around the world last year , with the world 's airports serving 6.3 billion passengers in 2013 , up 4.6 % from 2012 , according to the report . Atlanta 's airport also ranked first in airplane movements  takeoffs and landings  , with 911,000 movements last year . O'Hare came in second with 883,000 movements and LAX was third with 696,000 movements . Rounding out that list were DFW ; Denver ; Beijing ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; Las Vegas ; Houston and Paris . Hong Kong 's airport is still the busiest cargo airport in the world , transporting nearly 4.2 million metric tons of cargo last year . Memphis , Tennessee , home to FedEx , came in second with 4.1 million metric tons . Shanghai was third with 2.9 million metric tons .  One metric ton is 2,205 pounds . The ACI World Airport Traffic Report was based on reports from nearly 2,000 airports in 160 countries worldwide .	The United States is still home to world 's busiest airport Worldwide air passenger numbers increased to 6.3 billion in 2013 The top six airports in the world remained the same as last year Dubai jumped three spots to finish in seventh place
Editor 's note : Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the San Diego Union-Tribune editorial board , a nationally syndicated columnist and a regular contributor to CNN.com . Read his column here . Ruben Navarrette Jr. says President Felipe Calderon 's war on drugs remains a noble battle for the soul of Mexico . SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- It has nothing to do with Michael Jackson or Sarah Palin , but there 's a big story brewing south of the border to which Americans should pay close attention . Like a monster that refuses to die , Mexico 's once-disgraced Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , made a convincing comeback in last weekend 's midterm elections . The PRI recaptured its majority in the 500-member Chamber of Deputies and won five of six governorships up for grabs . The rival National Action Party , or PAN , which had controlled the legislative branch since 2000 , suffered heavy losses . German Martinez , president of the PAN , resigned this week after taking responsibility for the electoral failures . Political observers on both sides of the border are calling the elections results a no-confidence vote in the Mexican economy and a significant rebuke to President Felipe Calderon 's admirable but all-consuming war against the drug cartels . Calderon -- who is in the PAN -- is halfway through a six-year term , so he was n't on the ballot . The presidency is next on the ballot in 2012 , and observers think that the fact that the PRI aced its midterms sets the party up nicely to accomplish something that seemed unthinkable just a few years ago : retake the top job that it held for much of the 20th century -- 71 years , to be precise -- through corruption and intimidation . In 2000 , the PAN 's Vicente Fox broke that streak and reintroduced democracy in Mexico . Calderon squeaked out a narrow victory against a third-party candidate in 2006 . The Harvard-educated lawyer and economist immediately and bravely took the fight to drug lords across the country , unleashing the military in a conflict that has so far killed more than 10,000 Mexicans with no end in sight . And there are now serious issues -- as spelled out this week in The Washington Post -- involving allegations of torture , forced disappearances and other abuse by the Mexican military as it seeks to retaliate for the killing of soldiers and other terrorist acts committed by the drug cartels . The Obama administration , which has pledged to support Calderon 's drug war , would no doubt like to put an end to this alleged behavior before paying out the remainder of the $ 1.4 billion in aid to Mexico that Congress approved in the Merida Initiative . The trouble is that President Obama has been reluctant to make human rights demands of an adversary such as Iran , which could make it hard to lean on a friend such as Mexico . And as Mexican human rights activists point out , the U.S. government is in a difficult position to preach against torture given that it is accused of using it in Iraq , Afghanistan and at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Still , Calderon 's war remains a noble battle for the soul of Mexico . And there 's evidence that the drug cartels are feeling the pinch . Unable to move their product to customers in Canada and the United States , the cartels are growing desperate . The Calderon government is seizing so much of the product and arresting or killing so many drug traffickers , that profits are slipping . The drug lords are forced to import more guns from the United States at higher prices and channel more drug shipments to Mexican customers , who pay lower prices than the cartels could charge Americans if the drugs were making their way north . This is bad news for the traffickers . But it 's great news for the Mexican people , even if they do n't know it . Judging from reports in the Mexican press , many Mexicans -- while supportive of the drug war -- think it ultimately will fail , and they 're tired of the violence . Many fault Calderon for , in a popular metaphor , "  stirring the hornet 's nest . " Meanwhile , although the PRI did n't explicitly campaign on a platform of being anti-drug war , the implied message was that returning the party to power could return tranquillity and security to Mexico . Good luck with that , amigos . Guess what ? The hornets are n't going back in the nest . Calderon should get to the bottom of allegations of military abuse and punish any offenders . But he should also press ahead . And , if the PRI tries to get in the way by , say , limiting the resources to fight the drug war , then Calderon should paint the party as trying to appease the cartels at the expense of Mexico . The PRI was so preoccupied with gaining power as it did in the past that it forgot that what leadership is really about is taking responsibility for the future . Here 's its chance .	Mexican leader Felipe Calderon may face defeat in 2012 after PRI makes comeback Some Mexicans fault Calderon for stirring up violence with war on drugs Calderon should address problems and press ahead , Ruben Navarrette Jr. says Evidence points to drug traffickers feeling the pinch , Navarrette says
CNN  -- A sheriff 's deputy in central Arizona was shot Friday afternoon by a suspected drug trafficker , authorities said . The Pinal County deputy , who was not immediately identified , contacted authorities after being wounded in the desert , saying he had been shot by an illegal immigrant with an AK-47 , said Lt. Tammy Villar , a sheriff 's spokeswoman . The deputy radioed that he had encountered five men , some wielding long guns and handguns , and said they were carrying a large amount of marijuana . At one point the deputy lost radio contact with authorities , leading to a search by foot and by air for him and the shooter , according to CNN affiliate KNXV . Video from the scene shows that the deputy was located while sitting in desert brush , surrounded by cactus . He was able to walk to a helicopter that airlifted him to a hospital . A spokeswoman at Casa Grande Regional Medical Center confirmed that the deputy was being treated there Friday evening . He was in good condition with stable vital signs , conscious and comfortable , she said . KNXV : Deputy stopped five suspects The deputy was shot in the left abdomen and suffered a superficial wound , law enforcement sources said . The search for the shooter continued into the evening . The shooting comes amid a national debate over Arizona 's tough new immigration law , which allows police to demand proof of legal residency . Arizona lawmakers say the law is needed because the federal government has failed to enforce border security with Mexico , allowing more than 450,000 illegal immigrants to move into the state . KPNX : Deputy expected to survive Pinal County is between Phoenix and Tucson and has been described as a key transit point for illegal immigrants and drug traffickers . Sheriff Paul Babeu said an estimated 80 percent of illegal immigrants pass through his county along the way to other locations . Earlier this week , a CNN crew spent 12 hours on patrol with Pinal County deputies . In that time , the deputies captured more than 50 suspected illegal immigrants and about 2,000 pounds of marijuana . Deputies in the department routinely patrol for illegal immigrants and smugglers , and it is not uncommon for them to be in the field alone , officials said . It was not immediately clear what led the deputy to engage with the shooter Friday . The shooting is sure to heat up the debate around the new Arizona law . Critics say the law is unconstitutional and will lead to racial profiling , which is illegal . But Republican Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and others who support the law say it does not involve profiling or other illegal acts and will cut down on illegal immigration . "  Frankly this is just a very horrible story , but we should not generalize , " Alfonso Aguilar , former chief of the U.S. Citizenship Office , told CNN 's Rick Sanchez when news of Friday 's shooting broke . "  We should focus on the criminality of the drug traffickers ... not scapegoat undocumented immigrants who do not pose any threat to society . " Brewer on Friday signed a bill that makes changes to the immigration law , saying the changes will ease concerns about racial profiling . The law , which will go into effect in 90 days , has already drawn at least two lawsuits and condemnation from the Mexican government and other Latin American nations . Prominent entertainers , including Shakira and Linda Ronstadt , also have spoken against the law . Some critics are calling for a boycott of Arizona , urging tourists to stay away and that no one do business with companies in the state . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Pinal County deputy contacts authorities after being wounded in a remote area Pinal County has been described as a key transit point for illegal immigrants Deputies routinely patrol for illegal immigrants and drug smugglers
Nashville , Tennessee  CNN  -- Aspiring entrepreneur Abigail Franklin began selling clothes from a truck because she was looking for a way to stay in one place . That might sound odd until you learn she is a wardrobe stylist based in Nashville who tours the world with musical acts . It was 2010 , and she had just married her husband , a sound technician she met while touring with Bon Jovi , when she decided to set down roots . Given her two decades of experience dressing male performers including Prince and members of Creed , she set her sights on opening a menswear store . When she could n't find a location that fit her budget , she went into business with Nashville fashion designer Kyah Hillis . Drawn to the opportunity to keep startup costs low , they decided to take a chance on mobile retail , which was catching on in Nashville after starting a few years earlier on the West Coast . People buy tacos and barbecue from retrofitted trucks and campers and some even live in them , so it was likely just a matter of time before entrepreneurs started using them to sell clothes , jewelry and shoes . "  We can bring our products to you instead of waiting for you to come to us , " said Franklin in an interview in her truck last week , a former Snap-On-Tools truck from Indiana she found on Craigslist . It took about $ 25,000 to get "  The Trunk " up and running in spring 2012 , with Hill 's dresses and jewelry on one side of the 10-by-5-foot retail space and Franklin 's selection of men 's hats and grooming products on the other . People follow the Trunk 's movements on Twitter and on its website . On any given day , it could be a music festival , a tailgate , a restaurant parking lot or outside a Bon Jovi concert when the band plays in Nashville . Named so it could accommodate a rotating cast of products , brands or designers , Franklin sees it as a "  medicine chest " of opportunities . "  It just made sense . There 's less overhead , and we can usually cover it in one day , " she said . "  I love the possibilities of the truck . We can use it to sell clothes or whatever we want . " Most people launch mobile boutiques as faster and cheaper alternatives to traditional brick and mortar retail , said Jeanine Romo , who launched Le Fashion Truck with business partner Stacey Steffe in Los Angeles in 2010 . Usually , there 's no lease involved and monthly expenses are lower than they would be to run a store . Before inventory , Le Fashion Truck 's monthly costs run from $ 1,500 to $ 2,000 for generator , liability and auto insurance , cleaning supplies and storage rent , for starters . That pales in comparison to rent alone for a retail space , which could start at $ 7,000 in Los Angeles , Romo said . As budding entrepreneurs look for new ways to stand out from the crowd , interest in mobile retail appears to be growing . Romo and Steffe started the West Coast Mobile Retail Association in 2011 to unite and support mobile boutique owners . It now has 32 members , some of whom have taken active roles in proposing legislation and working with cities to develop regulations for mobile retail . In response to growing numbers of inquiries from outside the West Coast , the WCMRA expanded to become the American Mobile Retail Association , which has 60 members from across the country and new inquiries coming in each day , Romo said . "  It 's just a new way of doing business . It 's creative , it 's interesting , it 's the now , " she said in a phone interview . Most of the boutiques carry women 's clothing and accessories and gifts in the vein of what you might find on Etsy , but some trucks are expanding into shoes and sneakers , records , even flowers . But , it 's labor intensive , physically and otherwise , the pair has learned . When they 're not on their feet setting up and breaking down the 10-by-5-foot retail space , or checking the generator , they 're looking for new places to show or ensuring their permits , licenses and knowledge of local codes are current . Recently , through WCMRA , they proposed new permit legislation . "  There 's still no business plan template for this kind of business , so it 's all happening on a case-by-case basis , " Romo said . "  The rules are still being written and figured out and the owners of mobile boutiques are at the forefront of the action . " The trucks are also becoming springboards for online boutiques and occasionally an actual storefront . It cost Vanessa Lurie of Portland , Oregon ,  known for its truck-friendly policies  about $ 2,000 to gut , paint and re-panel a 1969 Cardinal Deluxe trailer formerly used for hunting excursions and transform it into a two-rack vintage boutique with a tiny dressing corner in 2010 . By July 2012 she had nearly enough capital to open a store in Portland by the same name , Wanderlust . Through the trailer , she learned how to run a retail business while generating revenue to invest in a real store . She worried at first that not having the novelty of the trailer would make it hard to distinguish herself from other vintage stores . But , she has found that having a permanent location makes it easier for her to build a loyal customer base that knows where to find her , she said . "  They 're just really different experiences . People were so amazed by the trailer itself and the setup . You 'd get into these really funny situations when people had to use the teeny dressing room , " she said . Though she misses the "  intimacy " of the trailer , she can carry more inventory now and become involved in the business community , she said . "  Now , it seems like I 'm a little more established . People know where to find me , and I have a lot more regulars . I 'm a business owner and people in the community embrace me for that . " Lurie , 30 , still plans to use the trailer on a more selective basis , like festivals and fairs , of which Portland has a lot in the spring and summer . Franklin is also looking forward to spring in Nashville . Unlike its West Coast counterparts , who enjoy mobile retail-friendly weather most of the year , "  The Trunk " had to hibernate for winter ; it gets cold in Nashville , after all . When "  The Trunk " reopens in 2013 , Franklin plans to expand offerings for women since they make up the majority of customers , she said . Being at the mercy of inclement weather is one downside to mobile retail along with hoping customers will find you , she said . Brick and mortar stores rely on the same good fortune , of course . But a truck can pick up and leave if business is n't good . Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter Would you frequent a mobile retailer ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Aspiring entrepreneurs launch fashion trucks as cost-effective alternatives to brick and mortar stores "  We can bring our products to you instead of waiting for you to come to us " Most mobile retail trucks sell Etsy-type clothing and crafts ; some offer shoes , records
Washington  CNN  -- With full military fanfare -- gun salutes , fife and drum corps , brass bands , a flyover and presidential praise -- the nation bid farewell to its top military man and honored his successor Friday . Adm. Mike Mullen has been Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman , the president 's top military adviser , since October of 2007 . Army Gen. Marty Dempsey takes his place . "  As the new secretary of defense , I am confident of the future because we have the strongest military force in our history -- and it is strong because we can replace one great warrior with another , " Leon Panetta said during the 90-minute Hail and Farwell ceremony on the Fort Myer parade ground across the river from Washington . . It was n't just the October sun that brightened the day for Mullen . It was also the lengthy praise from the president and from the military he had served for 43 years , as well as the day 's latest success in the terrorism fight -- the successful take-down of al Qaeda leader Anwar al-Awlaki . Obama pointed to Mullen 's leadership , from all the advice he provided in the Oval Office about the nation 's two wars , to his crucial testimony to Congress that the country should end its ban on gays and lesbians serving open in the military . "  Mike , as you look back at your four consequential years as chairman and your four decades in uniform , be assured : Our military is stronger and our nation is more secure because of the service that you have rendered . " Mullen , the son of a Hollywood publicist , is a master of self-deprecating humor . He drew laughter from the crowd when he told a story of how he had been mistakenly identified at a party as the former general , and now CIA director , David Petraeus . And he said that White House meetings went better if participants did n't criticize the president 's baseball team , the Chicago White Sox . "  And he really likes it when you laugh at his jokes . It just makes the meeting go better . " Mullen said . Mullen never misses a chance to make a point , hammering a favorite theme , that the American public must become more connected to its military personnel when they come home , giving them a chance , a job , an education . "  Welcome them back to those places , not with bands and bunting or yellow ribbons , but with the solemn recognition that they have done your bidding , they have represented you well , they have carried the best of you and of this country into battle , " Mullen said . "  They have done things and seen things and bear things in their souls that you can not know . " Panetta praised Mullen 's hard work and dogged persistence . "  His leadership , his influence , his honest candor , his compassion and his outspoken concern for our troops have set an exceptionally high standard for the responsibilities and performance of a chairman of the Joint Chiefs , " Panetta said . Dempsey becomes Panetta 's and Obama 's right hand man in navigating the withdrawal from Afghanistan and the hard choices about budget cuts . "  Marty 's strategic vision is the right one for this time of transition as we craft a joint force that can defeat the wide range of complex security threats we face today , and into the future , " Panetta said . "  In a speech he gave while leading the Army 's Training and Doctrine Command , Marty said that the pace of change in today 's world requires that we look at the future differently than we have in the past . Instead of trying to leap ahead decades into the future as we design our military , we must build a force able to handle the challenges we know it will face today , and one that can adapt to the future . " Mullen oversaw two wars plus the U.S. role in the Libyan conflict during his four-year term . But in recent weeks he found himself in a final skirmish inside the Obama administration itself over his statements that the extremist Haqqani network along the Afghanistan border was "  a veritable arm " of the Pakistani intelligence service . He chose not to comment directly on that , saying only that in his advice to his successor , "  I urged Marty to remember the importance of Pakistan to all of this , to try and do a better job than I did with that vexing and yet vital relationship . " Mullen said Afghanistan will be Dempsey 's biggest challenge . "  In seeing this critical transition through to its completion , in making sure that the security gains we have made are not squandered by the scourge of corruption or the lack of good governance that still plagues the country , our strategy is the right one , " Mullen said . "  We must keep executing it . " The new chairman , the first Army general elevated to chairman since 2001 , had the last word . "  Although you 're a sailor and I 'm a soldier , in the tradition of the horse cavalry , I want you to know that I will be proud to tell people that I rode with Mike Mullen during some of the most challenging times in our nation 's history . "	Adm. Mike Mullen honored as he steps down as Joint Chiefs chairman Obama : "  Our nation is more secure because of the service that you have rendered . " Mullen urges American to become more connected to military personnel Army Gen. Marty Dempsey is the new chairman
CNN  -- President Barack Obama met with leaders of several Russian social activist groups Friday , an event that likely touched on the sensitive subject of gay rights in the nation amid tensions over Syria . Earlier this year , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law passed by parliament that bans the public discussion of gay rights and relationships where children might hear it . Violators can be fined and , if they are foreigners , deported . Obama , who has advocated gay rights and same-sex marriage , has said that "  nobody 's more offended than me " by the Russian law . In connecting with the nine activists , Obama spoke about his own foray into politics . "  I got my start as a community organizer , somebody who was working in what would be called an NGO in the international community , " he said . "  I got elected president by engaging people at a grass-roots level . " He further called the activists ' work "  critically important " to open society . "  I 'm very proud of their work , " Obama said . "  Part of good government is making sure we 're creating a space for civil society . " Critics say the Russian law is so vague that anyone can be prosecuted for wearing a rainbow T-shirt or holding hands in public with someone of the same sex . At the event Friday in Russia , Obama met with representatives of groups that support a range of causes , including media freedom , protection of the environment and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights . The controversy over the law is one of several disputes between the United States and Russia , including the question of possible military action against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Moscow 's decision to shelter National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden . Obama and Putin met briefly Thursday at the Group of 20 summit meeting in St. Petersburg , Russia , shaking hands and exchanging a few words . Officials said the two leaders could have a longer meeting on the margins of the event . Obama had previously canceled a summit meeting with Putin scheduled around the G20 event after Russia gave temporary asylum to Snowden , whom the United States wants to prosecute for leaking documents about NSA surveillance programs . It said at the time that considerations on a variety of issues went into the decision to cancel the meeting .	President Barack Obama is in St. Petersburg , Russia , for the G20 summit meeting He has criticized a Russian law limiting public discussion of gay rights The U.S. and Russia also disagree on issues such as Syria and Edward Snowden Obama and Vladimir Putin briefly exchanged words on Thursday
CNN  -- A time capsule hidden for more than a hundred years at one of Boston 's most popular tourist attractions was opened on Friday in Boston . According to the Bostonian Society , which maintains the 1713-built Old Massachusetts State House , the rectangular copper box containing a variety of artifacts from 1901 was sealed inside one of two iconic statues -- a lion and a unicorn -- that have been a familiar site atop the Old State House for a couple of centuries . The Bostonian Society did n't -- or could n't -- fully divulge the 113-year-old time capsule 's contents , explaining that "  the process of extracting documents that are old and probably fragile will need to be slow and careful . " But a Boston Globe article from February 24 , 1901 , detailed what went into the box , which the story predicted would "  prove interesting when the box is opened many years hence . " According to the Globe , the box included the photographs and autographs of local statesmen such as Massachusetts Gov. Winthrop M. Crane and Boston Mayor Thomas Norton Hart , as well as news clippings of the day from several city newspapers and even a "  letter to posterity from the reporters of the Boston Daily newspapers assigned to City Hall . " It also included a photograph of the "  5th Massachusetts Regiment on its way to Framingham to be mustered in as U.S. volunteers for service in the war against Spain , " as well as "  campaign buttons for McKinley , Roosevelt and John D. Long for vice president . " The box was sealed inside the lion 's head by Samuel Rogers , a local coppersmith who was part of the crew renovating the nearly 200-year-old State House . Although the occasion was detailed in the city 's largest newspaper , the Bostonian Society said its current staff was unaware of the time capsule until they received a letter from a descendent of Rogers alerting them to it .	Time capsule hidden since 1901 in Boston is discovered It holds photographs , campaign buttons and news clippings The copper box is found in a statue atop the State House
CNN  -- Every syllable that could have possibly been uttered on Rosen v. Romney , the latest offshoot of the demonstrably dopey Democrat-fabricated "  War on Women " has already been said . So this post is not a reiteration of what every common-sense person knows , regardless of their party affiliation : First and foremost : Ann Romney is a quiet hero , a woman of indomitable fortitude and the epitome of a proud and productive modern woman ;  2  President Barack Obama 's policies hurt women equally , if not worse than , all Americans .  3  Whether they work in or out of the home , women have more contact with the real-world everyday problems the president 's policies have made worse -- from the rising cost of daily staples -- including but not limited to , energy , groceries and health care premiums -- to the plummeting value of their homes and retirement , to a job-stifling recovery with the velocity of a belly crawl . Rosen : Ann Romney and working moms And the liberal Potemkin Village philosophy has long been exposed : Liberal feminism is not -- and never has been about -- promoting and effectuating policies that provide options and opportunity for all American women ; it has always been about divisive identity politics and mindless , spineless group think . What has been less explored is how Obama Democrats and apparatchiks lack a fundamental ethic of good campaigns ,  not to mention , good people  : loyalty and dare I say it ... fairness . There are plenty of vicious , hateful , vacuous liberals who regularly vomit venomous , vile diatribes against anyone remotely associated with a conservative thought . Hilary Rosen is not one of those liberals . High ranking among those kind of loudmouth liberals are some of her "  Kumbaya " comrades who drop-kicked her under an 18-wheeler for uncharacteristically using poorly chosen punditry one-tenth of 1 % as egregious as their putrid hourly utterances . Opinion : Not another Mommy War Rosen is a liberal to be sure , but in my work with her on CNN and when she is a substitute host for Arianna Huffington on our radio show , "  Both Sides Now , " she is consistently a civil and articulate advocate of her philosophy . She has even been known to concede a capitalist point now and then ! Rosen is a big girl and knows politics ai n't beanbag , but she deserved some face-saving space and time to come to the only right conclusion -- to apologize to Mrs. Romney for saying she "  had never worked a day in her life " -- which were she her own client , she would have demanded immediately , as she is one smart cookie . Yet before the commercial break , the Obama high command was in high dudgeon . Let 's do a little exercise in decoding Obama-world : Have you ever seen them horsewhip a blundering man with the ferocity they laid into Rosen ? A bit of irony in the War on Women world , no ? Just for comparison 's sake to make my point about the character of an operation , when I made a notoriously stupid blunder  one of too many to count  in the Bush 41 campaign , and the chattering classes ' hairs were ablaze demanding my immediate tar-and-feathering , President Bush himself called me and told me to keep fighting , and to make just a tad fewer wild throws ; he put out the word that our own staff was to lay off . This is all insider stuff , and likely of little interest to the wider CNN audience , but here is the point , which every political veteran will recognize : The character of a campaign flows from the top ; it is a reflection of the values of the leadership . While relentlessly extolling how caring and fair it is about every last citizen , when it came to its own foxhole sister , the Obama team showed its true character . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Matalin .	Democratic strategist Hilary Rosen said Ann Romney had never worked a day in her life Rosen apologized , and Obama campaign quickly dissociated itself from her remarks Mary Matalin : Rosen right to apologize , but ferocity of campaign response excessive She says White House should have given Rosen time to apologize on her own
MacDILL AIR FORCE BASE , Florida  CNN  -- No piece of equipment is more crucial to a soldier in the field than his rifle . And America 's most elite troops are about to get a new series of rifles designed for their unique and dangerous missions . CNN was given an exclusive look at two new rifles for an elite group of U.S. troops . "  The difference is , I 'm gon na have a weapon that 's gon na fit the situation , " an Army Ranger staff sergeant said . Special Operations Command  SOCOM  is about to start training its SEALs , Green Berets and other Special Operations troops in the use of Mark 16 and Mark 17 rifles . Within a year , the new rifles should be in action against terrorists and insurgents in Iraq , Afghanistan and hot spots the public may never hear about . The usually secretive SOCOM gave CNN an exclusive chance to see and even fire the new weapon recently at its headquarters near Tampa , Florida . Watch a preview of the new weapons " The contractors working with SOCOM to develop the weapon say it is more versatile and more accurate , jams less and lasts longer than the current rifle used by many Special Operations troops , the M-4 . The Mark 16  Mk16  fires a 5.56 mm round , the same size used for decades in M-16s and M-4s . The Mk17 fires a larger 7.62 mm round that is used in some U.S. military machine guns , but it 's not the same round as in the AK-47 , the world 's most widely used assault rifle . Both of the new rifles are designed to kill regardless of the situation . "  Whether that 's a soft target , a guy without body armor , or whether that 's an enemy force within a vehicle that you need to shoot through a window or the side of the vehicle and you want to ensure that round is not deflected , " said Tucker Campion , a retired Navy SEAL who now is a civilian contractor working on the new rifles . "  We want a round that , when it hits the enemy soldier , provides the maximum amount of damage . " Even though they fire different-size bullets , each rifle is largely interchangeable with the other . By changing only a few parts , including the bolt and the barrel , a soldier can switch from a gun that fires the lighter 5.56 mm round to one that shoots the heavier 7.62 mm round in a matter of minutes . That 's just one example of the rifle 's versatility . Each gun comes with three interchangeable barrels , and each gives the troops a specific advantage . "  If you were going to clear an urban environment , buildings , rooms , you 'd probably throw the short barrel on there , " the staff sergeant said . CNN is honoring the Ranger 's request not to identify him , because in battle , anonymity is crucial for Special Operations troops . "  If you 're in Afghanistan and you 're walking in the mountains and the hills and all that , and your distance is going to be a lot greater to the enemy , and you 're probably going to want to throw the longer barrel on there so you get that extra reach , " the Ranger said . Even though the rifles fire the same bullets as existing weapons , they are designed to be much more accurate . "  If you look at a current inventory assault rifle , you get 350 to 400 meters , " Campion said of their range of accuracy . "  Put a long barrel in  the new rifle  , and now you 're at 6 to 7  hundred meters  . So we 're extending the standoff between us and the enemy . " A longer standoff means an American can shoot an enemy soldier from farther away ; thus , the American is safer . One of the main goals was to design a gun that lasts longer . Campion says the M-4 is designed to fire 6,000 rounds over five years . But the Mk16 and Mk17 were designed for Special Operations , who are likely to fire 6,000 rounds in less than one year . The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long . The design changes that make the Mk16 and Mk17 last longer also make them more reliable . Nothing is worse for a GI in battle than for his rifle to jam at the wrong moment , but it happens with all kinds of guns . These new rifles are designed to reduce those jamming problems as much as possible . The new rifle also comes in a Mk13 model , which includes a grenade launcher mounted below the barrel . To those who will use the rifles in the field , what they need first and foremost from the new weapons is success . E-mail to a friend	Military will train an elite group of troops with versatile new rifles Mark 16 , Mark 17 rifles designed for their unique and dangerous missions Usually secretive Special Operation Command gave CNN an exclusive look The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long
CNN  -- From the outside , the DC-10 jet parked on the airport runway looks like any ordinary plane . But if you step inside , you 'll notice something is not quite right . Instead of rows of seats , you 'll find a fully equipped operating theater ; rather than uniform-clad flight attendants , you 'll see a group of doctors in blue coats gathered around a microscope . This is the world 's only "  Flying Eye Hospital " -- a converted plane that has been landing at airports in the developing world for the last 30 years . Its mission is to treat people suffering from blinding diseases -- many of whom are children . But it 's not just about treatment ; the plane is also designed to train local ophthalmologists . Cameras inside the operating room broadcast eye surgeries to a 48-seat classroom at the front of the plane , where local doctors watch to learn new skills and techniques . A two-way audio system lets the observers ask the surgeons questions while they operate . Inspiring students In October 2013 , the Flying Eye Hospital landed in Cameroon , and its doctors visited the Yaounde Central Hospital in the country 's capital . It was a revealing experience for everybody present , said Dr. Emilienne Epee , senior lecturer of ophthalmology at the University of Yaounde . "  Officials , lecturers and senior staff were exposed to what is available and what can be done in a realistic way , easing the advocacy for ophthalmologists , " she said . Epee added that the visit got many medical students interested in ophthalmology , and she hopes that this will increase the number of ophthalmologists in Cameroon . However , the country still faces many problems when it comes to eye health . "  Equipment is an issue and for the time being we do not have the latest or high-tech facilities in our services , " said Epee . "  Nevertheless we can attend to the basic need and avoid blindness with what is available to us . " Read this : Birth advice by text message ORBIS , a U.S.-based non-profit organization that works in developing countries worldwide to prevent blindness and treat visually impaired people , is the organization behind the remarkable plane . "  It 's truly remarkable to see people regaining their eyesight every day , " said Flavia Draganus , communications manager on board the Flying Eye Hospital . "  When we take the patches off after the surgery we see them smile because they can see again , although they thought they 'd never be able to . " An estimated 285 million people worldwide are blind or visually impaired according to the WHO -- 90 % of them live in low - and middle-income countries , yet 80 % of them could be treated or cured with the right medical care . Flying Eye Hospital doctors treat blinding diseases like cataracts , glaucoma , trachoma and diabetic retinopathy ; many of them are easily treatable with the right medical care , which developing countries often lack . During their stay , doctors also leave the plane to go to local hospitals to train doctors with the hospitals ' existing equipment . Bruce Johnson , director of aircraft operations at ORBIS , said : "  The main deficits in the eye care industry in the developing world are a lack of ophthalmologists and the right equipment as well as very few specialist hospitals . Also , often parents ca n't afford the surgery for their children . " Johnson has been with ORBIS for nine years and has been on dozens of overseas programs . "  We can take our hospital anywhere to reach people in remote regions that do n't have access to the right eye care treatment , " he said . The organization says the Flying Eye Hospital has so far carried out 925,000 surgeries and trained 92,000 doctors . Local knowledge It is the training that offers long-term hope for better eye care . "  There is a huge appetite for training among doctors in the developing world , as we 've recently seen on a trip to Cameroon , " Draganus said . "  We leave knowledge behind and make sure that these doctors sustain the skills even after we left . " ORBIS has been asked to build a pediatric eye care unit as part of the planned Yaounde Vision Institute . The institute would mark a step forward for eye health care in Cameroon , but a lack of training nationwide remains a challenge . Dr Henry Nkumbe is an ophthalmologist based in Yaounde , and secretary general of the African Ophthalmology Forum . He said : "  No center in the country has the necessary skills set and equipment to regularly perform corneal grafts , advanced glaucoma surgeries . So Cameroon , through out-of-pocket payments by patients or covered by the Ministry of Health budget , spends a lot on medical evacuations abroad , for specialist eye care services currently not available in Cameroon . " Nkumbe added : "  At present at most 25 % of people needing cataract surgery in Cameroon do indeed get it . " More than 30 years ago , the American ophthalmologist Dr. David Paton created ORBIS based on the idea of using aviation to deliver medical education around the world . In 1980 , United Airlines donated a plane to the project and after it was converted into a fully functional teaching eye hospital , it went on its first trip to Panama in 1982 and has so far visited 78 countries worldwide . A program in each country lasts around two to three weeks and there are up to 24 people on board including doctors , nurses , anesthesiologists and aircraft mechanics . In 2010 , FedEx donated an MD-10 aircraft , which is currently being turned into the next flying hospital . Johnson said : "  I never imagined that there are so many people out there that need treatment and whose blindness can easily be prevented , with just the right care . " Read this : The free water helping hydrate Africa Read this : Flying doctor takes to the skies after sister 's death Read this : How African doctors can cure medical ` brain drain '	The world 's only Flying Eye Hospital is a jet converted into a fully equipped eye hospital Eye specialists treat patients and train local doctors to ensure long-term benefit It has flown to 78 countries and trained thousands of doctors Flying hospital treats diseases such as cataracts and glaucoma
One name stands out on the guest list of thousands of youth at a conference in Ecuador this week : Elian Gonzalez . Fourteen years after he made headlines as the subject of a bitter international custody battle , Gonzalez spoke to CNN on Tuesday . It 's his first trip abroad since the U.S. government removed him at gunpoint from his relatives ' home in Miami and , after a legal battle , sent him back to Cuba to live with his father . Gonzalez , who turned 20 last week , was just 6 years old when he was found clinging to an inner tube after the tiny boat he was traveling in from Cuba sank on the way to the United States . Gonzalez 's mother and nine other people in the boat drowned . He had harsh words for the United States on Tuesday as he recalled his mother 's deadly journey . "  Just like her , many others have died attempting to go to the United States . But it 's the U.S. government 's fault . Their unjust embargo provokes an internal and critical economic situation in Cuba , " Gonzalez said . "  But , despite that , Cuba , even with all its problems has progressed over the years . The progress we 've made is all thanks to Cuba 's courage , our dignity , our continued fight for a more just model . " Gonzalez is in Quito , Ecuador , for the World Festival of Youth and Students , a left-wing conference attracting more than 10,000 people from all over the world to discuss global struggles against imperialism . He told CNN en Español that he has been asked to speak at the conference , but is n't quite sure what his topic will be . "  My topic could range anywhere from the lifting of the unjust blockade on Cuba to the freedom of the ` Cuban Five . ' The main reason we 're here is because we want a revolutionary progressive movement that leads to socialism , " he said . The five Cubans imprisoned in the United States are convicted on charges of espionage , but are considered heroes in Cuba because many believe they prevented acts of terrorism on the island . After his rescue in 1999 , Gonzalez was placed with relatives in Miami , who wanted to keep him in the United States . But Gonzalez 's father , Juan Miguel , fought to bring him back to Cuba . Then-Cuban leader Fidel Castro led massive protests in Cuba demanding Gonzalez 's return . The case of the telegenic boy became a flashpoint between supporters and opponents of Castro 's revolution . As the two sides fought the high-profile case in court , U.S. immigration officials decided to put Gonzalez in the custody of his father , who had come to the United States to argue for Elian 's return . His relatives in Miami refused to go along , and armed U.S. federal agents then raided the home of Gonzalez 's uncle and seized the boy . Some experts at the time worried Gonzalez would suffer a lifetime of trauma as a result of the dispute , or become a political pawn for the Cuban government . After Gonzalez 's return to Cuba , the government there celebrated a political victory but largely kept Gonzalez out of public view and surrounded by government bodyguards . But the case had an undeniable impact on Gonzalez 's life . Fidel Castro attended his 7th birthday party . His father went from being a waiter to being a member of the country 's national assembly . Now he studies engineering at a military school in Cuba and appears to be emerging as a new spokesman for the Cuban government . When asked by CNN en Español to describe what his life has been like since he left Miami , Gonzalez said "  magnificent . " In Cuba , he said , everywhere he goes he feels the love and support of his fellow Cubans . "  I have n't suffered any consequences because of what happened . It has not affected me psychologically , but it has been hard for my family , " Gonzalez said . "  Those were tough times . "	Elian Gonzalez tells CNN he 's happy in Cuba He blames the U.S. embargo for his mother 's death "  Their unjust embargo provokes a critical economic situation , " he says Gonzalez , now 20 , is in Ecuador for a youth conference
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- She stood by her husband throughout the contentious 2008 presidential campaign and during heated health care reform debates during his presidency . First lady Michelle Obama listens to remarks during a health care forum at the White House on Friday . Now , as the debate is reaching a fever pitch , first lady Michelle Obama is weighing in on the issue by focusing on how health care can affect families . "  What she 's doing is putting a personal and human face on the issue ... there 's nothing more crucial , " said Washington Post columnist Sally Quinn . "  Everybody gets sick , and everybody has someone in the family that gets sick . " "  I think if you can humanize it and personalize it , it suddenly brings it home to people -- especially those who are screaming and yelling about the government taking over , " Quinn said . On Friday , the first lady , a former hospital administrator , spoke about the issue to a crowd at the White House , highlighting her own family 's experience with health care . In one touching moment , Obama recalled when daughter Sasha exhibited signs of potentially deadly meningitis when she was 4 months old . "  We did n't know what , but he -LSB- the doctor -RSB- told us she could have meningitis , so we were terrified . He said get to the emergency room right away , " she said . "  Fortunately , things worked out . " "  But it is that moment in our lives that flashes through my head every time we engage in this health insurance conversation . It 's that moment in my life , because I think about what on earth would we have done if we had not had insurance . " Mrs. Obama not only faced the issue as a mother , but also as a daughter . "  My father has multiple sclerosis . He contracted it in his 20s . ... He was able to get up and go to work every day , even though it got harder for him as he got sicker and more debilitated . And I find myself thinking what would we had done as a family on the south side of Chicago if my father had n't had insurance . " Watch more of Michelle Obama 's message " Quinn says that personal story is critical in the health care debate -- something that has been lacking in the president 's message so far , which has often been deemed by pundits as too policy-oriented and too surgical in nature . "  What she 's doing is she 's humanizing the issue . And I think that has been missing in their -LSB- White House -RSB- campaign , " she says . "  He 's been so focused on the details and the strategy and the money that the individual problems and issues have seemed to have gotten lost in the fray . " Gloria Borger , a CNN senior political analyst , agreed . "  I think she 's always been a great asset to him , " she said . "  She can help in this health care debate by not getting involved in the minutiae of the bills , but essentially emphasizing the reason we need health care reform . And that 's what she will stick to . " Michelle Obama was a lightning rod -- both good and bad -- throughout her husband 's presidential campaign . Now , in her role as first lady , she has garnered greater support among American voters from both parties . A national survey by the Pew Research Center for People and the Press in April found that the first lady 's positive ratings have increased since her husband took office . The poll found that 76 percent of Americans had a favorable opinion of her , which is up from 68 percent in January . "  Much of the change has come among Republicans , especially Republican women , " the organization noted . "  About two-thirds of Republican women -LSB- 67 percent -RSB- have a favorable impression of Michelle Obama , a gain of 21 points since January . " But a first lady 's involvement in health care reform is nothing new . In the early '90s , first lady Hillary Clinton spearheaded the Clinton administration 's push for reform , holding meetings , testifying before congressional committees and , in general , taking charge of the issue . "  Hillary Clinton was the architect of health care reform , " Borger said . As for whether Michelle Obama is mirroring Clinton 's role , the answer from both Borger and Quinn is absolutely not . "  I do n't see any parallels at all . ... The Clintons came in , and they had run on the platform of buy one , get one free , a co-presidency and all of that . And she took over this huge thing herself . Bill was n't doing it , " Quinn said . She said the president , not Michelle Obama , was the was the one who pushed health care reform in his early domestic agenda . "  He promised in his campaign , and then he 's the one that did it . This is not Michelle 's plan . She has n't been doing the town meetings and the national press conferences , " she added . Borger said that the first lady is playing a completely different role . "  It 's a much more supportive role , and it 's a role out of the policy arena , but more in the arena of just why we ought to think we need reform . "	First lady Michelle Obama delivers remarks on health care reform Friday Obama recalls personal health stories about her daughter and father Analysts say her personal touch on the thorny issue could help her husband
MEXICO CITY  CNN  -- The death toll in a plane crash that claimed the life of Mexico 's interior minister and two other high-ranking officials has risen to 13 , Mexico City prosecutor Miguel Angel Mancera said Wednesday , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . The scene of Tuesday night 's plane crash in Mexico City was one of panic and confusion , a witness says . The small plane carrying Interior Minister Juan Camilo Mourino and seven others crashed in central Mexico City on Tuesday night . A witness described "  moments of panic and confusion " after the crash , as burning people asked for help and others ran from the scene . The crash injured 40 people on the ground , said government spokesman Marcelo Ebrard . All eight passengers and crew on board the plane were killed , the spokesman said . Two of the dead are women , Mancera said . Also among the dead were Jose Luis Santiago Vasconcelos , a former deputy attorney general , and Miguel Monterubio Cubas , the director of social communication , President Felipe Calderon said in a televised address Tuesday night . In Mexico , the minister of the interior oversees domestic affairs , particularly national security , law enforcement and the war on drugs . It is Mexico 's second-most-powerful post . Vasconcelos was one of Mexico 's top experts on the fight against narcotraffickers and was said to have a price on his head . "  I want to express my deepest condolences to the families of the victims and my absolute support during this difficult time , " Calderon said . Mourino , he said , "  was one of my closest colleagues and one of my best friends . ... With his death , Mexico loses a great Mexican . " At least 12 cars were burned and two buildings were damaged , Notimex said . Watch video footage of the aftermath of the crash " No cause for the crash was immediately given , but Calderon assured the nation that the results of the investigation will be made public . The Learjet 45 did not explode in the air , said Luis Tellez , secretary of communication and transportation . When there is an explosion in the air , Tellez said at a news conference Wednesday , pieces of the airplane are scattered over a wide area . But the wreckage in this instance was limited to a small area , he said . Tellez said Wednesday the pilot did not report an emergency , Notimex said . An audio recording released Wednesday of what Mexican officials said was dialogue between the pilot and the airport control tower did not appear to have an emergency call from the aircraft . The recording could be linked to off the Notimex Web site . The plane was traveling from the north-central city of San Luis Potosi to Mexico City , Calderon said . The cities are about 220 miles  355 km  apart . The Learjet was built in 1998 and carried identification call letters of XCVMC , Tellez said . Agustin Arellano , director of the federal agency that oversees Mexican airspace , said the aircraft 's flight path , altitude and velocity were within accepted standards for a landing at Mexico City 's Benito Juarez International Airport . The information was retrieved from the airplane 's flight data recorder , Arellano said at the news conference with Tellez . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it has sent a team of investigators , led by senior aviation accident investigator Joe Sedora . The team includes technical advisers from the NTSB , the Federal Aviation Administration , Learjet and Honeywell International , it said . Mourino had just given a speech in San Luis Potosi , detailing the administration 's efforts to combat drug traffickers , kidnappers and other criminals . When Calderon took office in December 2006 , Mourino said , the new president focused on combating crime . "  It was decided to combat criminal groups with all available power in order to confront them , to reduce them and to fulfill the essential mandate of all authority , which is none other than to guarantee peace , tranquility and security for its citizens , " Mourino said in his speech . Calderon has unleashed federal police and soldiers in several states across Mexico and tightened controls on money laundering and corruption among local and municipal police forces , which have been infiltrated by drug traffickers . The effort has resulted in widespread carnage , with more than 3,000 deaths this year . At the scene of Tuesday 's crash , taxi driver Raymundo Bernal , 28 , told Notimex that he witnessed the event . "  I heard a strong roar and then saw four people who were burning and asking for help while the rest ran and the tops of trees were burning , " he said . "  The ambulances took 10 minutes to arrive , but several of the people who were burning were not moving , and what followed were moments of panic and confusion . " More than 100 federal police secured the area , while the military took control of the airport at San Luis Potosi , Notimex said . Mourino , 37 , studied in the United States , receiving an undergraduate degree in economics from the University of Tampa . He did post-graduate studies in accounting and finance from the Universidad Autonoma de Campeche , his government biography says . After serving in municipal government in Campeche , Mourino was a regional coordinator for Vicente Fox 's successful presidential candidacy in 2000 . He later served in the Mexican federal congress and in the Cabinet . He was chief of the president 's office from December 2006 to January 2008 .	NEW : U.S. agency sends investigative team to help Death toll in Mexican plane crash rises to 13 , report says Mexico 's interior minister and two high-ranking officials among those killed Interior minister is country 's second most-powerful post
CNN  -- This was not how it was supposed to end . The past week had been a procession -- the next few days were supposed to end in a coronation . With the future King of England in the Royal Box , the man who wore the Wimbledon crown so proudly allowed it to slip on Centre Court . Andy Murray , the first British man to win the tournament in 77 years , was not just thrown out of his court , he was brushed aside by a man threatening mutiny at the top of the men 's game . Grigor Dimitrov has hinted at performances like this before -- but this was the announcement his potential had always promised to deliver . The Bulgarian , 23 , for so long hailed as the heir apparent to 17-time grand slam winner Roger Federer , is ready to finally erase the tag which has haunted him since he first came to prominence -- that of "  Baby Fed " . Ranked 13 in the world , Dimitrov gave a performance which left nobody in doubt that he is a serious challenger for the title following a 6-1 7-6 6-2 win over the defending champion . Never before has Dimitrov gone further than the second round at the All England Club -- now he is just one victory away from a grand slam final . But the signs had been there . Dimitrov , who won the Queens Club title - a warm-up tournament before Wimbledon - has been improving with each and every match . He will now play his first ever grand slam semifinal against Novak Djokovic -- the 2011 champion and the tournament 's top seed . Djokovic , a six-time grand slam champion was given a real scare by Croatia 's Marin Cilic before eventually prevailing in five sets -- 6-1 3-6 6-7 6-3 6-2 . Also safely into the final four is the man who many have likened Dimitrov to -- Roger Federer . The veteran of the All England Club booked a ninth semifinal appearance after beating fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka 3-6 7-6 6-4 6-4 . The Australian Open champion was seen by the doctor during the match and faded after a strong start as Federer 's supreme ground strokes began to find their range . Federer , a seven-time Wimbledon champion , said he was pleased to be in the mix after a disappointing 2013 tournament when he was beaten in the second round by Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky . "  I 'm just really pleased I 'm back strong here at Wimbledon , " he told reporters . "  Last year I did n't even come close so I was very deflated . " He will face Milos Raonic in the other semifinal , after the No. 8 seed from Canada disposed of Rafa Nadal 's conqueror , Nick Kyrgios , 6-7 6-2 6-4 7-6 . Djokovic 's game will be firmly tested against Dimitrov -- a man playing with confidence , style and a whole lot of swagger . Born in Haskovo , Bulgaria , Dimitrov trained at the same tennis academy in Spain as Murray , albeit not at the same time . The two are known to be friends off the court -- not that there was any sentimentality on show as Dimitrov wielded his racquet like a magician holds his wand . He began at a rapid pace and never allowed Murray to find a foothold from which he could launch a fightback . "  I 'm very disappointed with the way I started . I felt that gave him confidence at the beginning . It 's a lot easier to settle down when you 're two sets up , " Murray , the world No. 5 , told the BBC . "  It was n't a great day . I felt fine in the warm-up but got off to a bad start , which was the disappointing part . "  It was n't good enough . There is time to come back , but I did n't take my opportunity in the second set . "  He played a very solid match , making few mistakes and a lot of returns . All the percentages were in his favor . I just wish I 'd made it tougher for him . " A year ago , it was all so different . Murray , the man who had cried his way into the nation 's hearts after his 2012 final defeat by Federer , dispatched Novak Djokovic in straight sets on to become the first British man to the win the singles title since Fred Perry in 1936 . If the first week of his defense was anything to go by , the expectation was that Murray would reach the semifinal stage at the very least . He had cruised through his opening four rounds without dropping a set -- a complete contrast to his opponent Dimitrov , who had been forced to scrape and fight through a five-set contest in the third round with Ukraine 's Alexander Dolgopolov . As those with British flags painted on their faces and draped in the Union Jack took their places on Centre Court , a Murray defeat was perhaps the last thing on their minds -- somewhere between a shortage of strawberries and a drought of Pimms . But after sharing the two opening games , their hero failed -- spectacularly . Dimitrov won five games in a row to take the first set in 25 minutes and leave those fervent fans in a state of shock . Those who have followed Murray at Wimbledon over the past few years are used to the rollercoaster nature of his campaigns . But that famous fighting spirit , that belligerence which makes his such a competitor , appeared to have deserted him . Even in the second set where he immediately broke back to level at 4-4 after losing his serve , the belief that Murray would then go on and level the match never materialized . Instead , it was Dimitrov who held his nerve in the tiebreak , winning it 7-4 to take a stranglehold on the tie -- one which he never looked like relinquishing . And so it proved . Showing little or no sign of being nervous or overawed by the occasion , Dimitrov broke not just Murray 's serve -- he broke his spirit . There was an inevitability about the result and Dimitrov could celebrate when Murray placed his final shot into the net . "  I 'm excited . It 's never easy coming to play against Andy , especially with the home crowd , " Dimitrov told the BBC . "  As soon as we were warming up , I said his game was n't at the highest level , while at the same time I felt confident . The second-set tie-break was a key moment for me . "  This was one of those days where I was pretty steady throughout the whole match . It 's a tough feeling when you know someone outside the court but then you come to play them in the match . " Dimitrov will now go onto face either last year 's finalist Djokovic or Croatia 's Marin Cilic in the next round . For those who celebrated Murray 's victory last year -- well , they 'll just be hoping they wo n't have to wait another 77 years for their next Wimbledon party .	Defending champion Andy Murray beaten by Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov Dimitrov crushes Briton 6-1 7-6 6-2 in quarterfinal clash on Centre Court Bulgarian will face Novak Djokovic in semis after No. 1 seed beats Marin Cilic Seven-time champion Roger Federer to face Milos Raonic in other semifinal
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Attacks on military posts and police stations in Iraq claimed at least 21 lives Thursday . At least three Iraqi soldiers were killed and eight others wounded when a suicide bomber driving a mini-truck loaded with explosives hit an Iraqi military post in the town of Shirqat , police in Tikrit said . The town is located about 300 kilometers  186 miles  north of Baghdad . Hours later , two parked car bombs targeting Iraqi army patrols exploded within 30 minutes of each other in Falluja . The blasts killed two Iraqi soldiers and wounded 10 others , police and hospital officials said . Falluja is a Sunni town , about 60 kilometers  37 miles  west of Baghdad . In a separate attack , shooting and roadside bomb explosions in northeast Baghdad killed 16 people , including six Iraqi soldiers and three policemen , and wounded 14 others , officials said . Clashes erupted between Iraqi security forces and insurgents in the Sunni neighborhood of Adhamiya at about 8:30 p.m. Thursday , wounding 10 people , officials said . Iraqi security forces imposed a curfew in neighborhood and searched for the attackers .	NEW : Curfew imposed in Sunni neighborhood after fighting Blasts occur in Shirqat , Falluja and the Adhamiya neighborhood All of the attacks targeted military and police , police posts
CNN  -- After an eventful 12-plus months that began with him being named Time 's Person of the Year and ended with his blistering critique of the Vatican bureaucracy , Pope Francis got a chance to celebrate on Wednesday -- by presiding over Christmas Eve Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica . The Mass , typically one of the biggest events on the Roman Catholic calendar , was attended by 8,000 people inside the Basilica while another 3,000 followed along on screens set up in St. Peter 's Square . This year , a drone outside and various 3-D cameras inside recorded the Mass. . Pope Francis personally requested a performance of Mozart 's Mass in C minor for the service , according to a Vatican spokesman . Israeli soprano Chen Reiss sang "  Et Incarnatus Est " from the Mozart composition . On the Vatican Radio website , Pope Francis said that "  Et Incarnatus Est " is "  unbeatable and brings you to God . " Manfred Honeck , music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , conducted the orchestra of the Accademia di Santa Cecilia in Rome . It is the second Christmas Mass since Francis , born Jorge Mario Bergoglio , became pontiff . During his Homily , the Pope said that though time has been marked by hatred , oppression , violence and wars , God was there all along , waiting . "  Through the course of history , the light that shatters the darkness reveals to us that God is father and that his patient fidelity is stronger than darkness and corruption . This is the message of Christmas night , " he said , according to an English translation of his remarks . Since becoming pope , Francis has stayed busy and remained an extremely popular , respected figure worldwide . In recent months , for instance , he urged religious tolerance during a visit to Turkey and played a key role in a historic breakthrough in U.S.-Cuba relations . His conversational tone , warm demeanor and rapport with children and others have continued to win Francis admirers . But he has also garnered critics , including among Catholic conservatives , for his positions -- such as a push to make the church more welcoming for gays and lesbians and his proposed solution for divorced and remarried Catholics who want to receive Communion . Despite his high position , Francis has n't always been successful : Bishops ended a tense , two-week summit in Rome in October without agreeing , for instance , on how to minister to gays and lesbians . Such pushback has n't stopped the Pope 's efforts to change the church , however . In his annual Christmas address Monday to the Vatican bureaucracy , the Curia , he criticized its members ' "  illnesses " ranging from the "  disease of feeling immortal " to vainglory and excessive planning . "  Dear brothers , such diseases and such temptations are naturally a danger for each Christian and for each Curia , " the Pope said . " ... We have to cure ourselves of these . " Bishops will be held accountable for not protecting youths Beginning of tough period for Francis Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this story	NEW : Pope says God 's "  patient fidelity is stronger than darkness and corruption " Christmas Eve Mass expected to draw 11,000 faithful to the Vatican Pope Francis personally requested a piece by Mozart for the Mass Service comes days after he sharply critiqued the Vatican bureaucracy
CNN  -- The world 's first road capable of turning sunlight into energy officially opened for traffic Wednesday in the Netherlands . It 's actually a 230-foot-long bike path in the town of Krommenie . The road is a test route developed by the company SolaRoad . "  SolaRoad is a world first that will put the Netherlands on the map as a leader in sustainable innovation , " said Henk Kamp , the Dutch minister of economic affairs , at the opening . The path is made of concrete modules with solar cells and covered with a thin layer of tempered glass . The energy created from the road can power things like street and traffic lights or households , according to company officials . Testing will continue for three years to further develop solar roads , officials said .	The world 's first road to convert sunlight into energy opens in the Netherlands It 's a small patch of a bike path made of modules that include solar cells The developer will use it as a test route for three years Energy created by the road can power traffic and street lights or households , officials say
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The widower of actress Brittany Murphy , found dead in his home Sunday night , was scheduled to undergo heart bypass surgery this summer , a spokesman for the actress ' mother said . British screenwriter Simon Monjack , 39 , was pronounced dead after the Los Angeles Fire Department was called to his Hollywood home for a medical emergency , police said . There were no signs of foul play or criminal activity in the death , Los Angeles Police Sgt. Alex Ortiz said . Roger Neal , a spokesman for Murphy 's mother , Sharon , said Monjack delayed the heart surgery until after a fundraising gala for the Brittany Murphy Foundation in September . Murphy , his wife of less than three years , died just five months ago . Sharon Murphy found Monjack unconscious in his bedroom and called the fire department , a family friend said . An autopsy is scheduled to be conducted Tuesday , according to the Los Angeles County coroner 's spokeswoman . Sharon Murphy , who shared the house with Monjack , "  loved him like a son " and is devastated by his death , Neal said . It is the same Hollywood Hills home where Brittany Murphy lived . Murphy , 32 , died in December from a combination of pneumonia , an iron deficiency and multiple drug intoxication , a coroner said . The drugs involved were legal and used to treat a respiratory infection , according to an autopsy . The often bubbly , free-spirited actress appeared in films such as "  Clueless , " "  8 Mile , " "  Do n't Say a Word " and "  Girl , Interrupted . " She also lent her voice to animated works , including the movie "  Happy Feet " -- in which she also sang -- and a regular role on the animated TV series "  King of the Hill . " Monjack and Murphy were married in May 2007 . The couple had no children . The foundation 's gala , which still may be held , was organized to raise money for children to study music , dance and other arts , Neal said .	NEW : Simon Monjack postponed bypass surgery , spokesman says NEW : Autopsy scheduled for Tuesday Police say no signs of foul play in death of British screenwriter His wife , actress Brittany Murphy , 32 , died in December
CNN  -- It says a lot about how jovial a person was , and how fondly that person is liable to be remembered , when your first thought upon hearing of that person 's death is a clear memory of a loud , long , infectious laugh . Tom Magliozzi , who died Monday at age 77 , was exactly that sort of guy . If you ever listened to Tom and younger brother Ray , 65 , bantering on NPR 's long-running "  Car Talk " radio show , you know the laugh . And if you do n't , why in the world not ? These two siblings -- equal parts auto mechanics , students of the human condition and sit-down comics -- first appeared on public radio locally , with a program from Boston 's WBUR in 1977 . They and their show went national on NPR in 1987 , the same year Philadelphia 's "  Fresh Air " with Terry Gross , the program to which I contribute as TV critic and occasional substitute host , also went national on NPR . Yet I never met Tom or Ray , and never even phoned their call-in show to be advised , harangued and entertained . It was enough just to listen each week -- so much so that , though I did n't know Tom personally , I feel like I did , and I feel a genuine loss at the news of his death from complications from Alzheimer 's . And I 'm guessing , if you 're taking the time to read this , you feel exactly the same . The two men stopped generating new "  Car Talk " episodes in 2012 . By then though , they 'd generated such a backlog that the best archived shows could be repeated without any drop in momentum -- just without the ability for listeners to call in . And not even that seemed to matter , because the callers on those old shows , and the way Tom and Ray -- aka Click and Clack , the Tappet Brothers -- interacted with them was more than entertaining enough to make up for it . Apparently , that will continue to be true . Ray has been quoted as saying he would like the shows to continue as a tribute to his brother . Selfishly , I 'd like them to continue , too , because the running of my weekend errands always went a little smoother when "  Car Talk " was on my car radio . Smoother , but not faster , because I 'd often stay in the car listening , long after arriving at my destination , just to hear how Tom and Ray dealt with their callers , and especially with each other . Their automotive advice usually was sound , even if it sounded off the cuff and occasionally even flippant . But the two of them -- especially Tom , who was quick with a joke and quicker with a probing but good-natured personal question -- were equally adept at sharing advice outside the car frames . Any time a caller began a plea for help with "  My husband says ... , " or "  My girlfriend hates it when I ... , " you knew you were in for an overtime session , sitting there listening to the two brothers dispense advice and laughter in fairly equal measure . It 's clear , from a listener 's perspective , that they loved people , loved each other and loved being on the radio . Listen to them for hours , or for years -- or for decades , as I have -- and I challenge you to find one moment where either of them sounds remotely stiff or nervous . Even when reading those tongue-twisting , tongue-in-cheek closing credits or working their way through the ultra-complicated puzzles of the week  I 've yet to solve even one  , they 're loose , laughing , and having fun . That 's not common on public radio . And it 's a real gift . Listening to them was like eavesdropping on a raucous family conversation , because that 's exactly what was happening . The laughs the "  Car Talk " siblings brought to public radio could be assessed historically , if you wanted to go that way and place Click and Clack in a media context . Like Garrison Keillor 's "  Prairie Home Companion " on American Public Radio , "  Car Talk " took itself frivolously -- and pioneered such later public radio comedy confections as NPR 's "  Wait , Wait ... Do n't Tell Me ! , " distributed out of Chicago . It 's neither coincidence nor a surprise that both shows are produced by the same man , Doug Berman , who clearly sees the value of a good laugh . On radio , of course , you do n't need to "  see " a good laugh . Just hear it . And Tom 's laugh was one of the warmest , loudest , most delightful laughs of all . I sure will miss it .	Tom Magliozzi , one half of jovial , iconic "  Car Talk " radio duo , has died David Bianculli says like many , he feels a genuine loss at the news Brothers dispensed sound advice on cars and life with infectious laughter , he says Bianculli : Their show was pioneering , ahead of the loose , funny shows that would follow
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- A 15-year-old boy who was burned over 65 percent of his body in October , allegedly by a group of teenagers he knew , has been readmitted to a Miami hospital after he had trouble breathing , a hospital spokeswoman said Monday . Michael Brewer "  had complications with his breathing and is now back in the ICU , " said Lorraine Nelson , spokeswoman for Jackson Memorial Hospital . Brewer was admitted to Jackson Memorial 's Holtz Children 's Hospital on Sunday night and is in serious condition , she said . It was not known whether Brewer 's condition was related to his severe burns . He was released from Jackson Memorial 's burn unit December 22 , more than two months after the October 12 incident . "  He had been doing very well . He had been going to physical therapy and doing well , but things happen , " Nelson told CNN . At the time he was discharged from the burn unit , Dr. Louis Pizano , associate director of the burn center , told reporters , "  From what happened in the beginning , we would have predicted probably six months , at least , in the hospital . And it is miraculous . " Brewer had three skin graft surgeries during his stay in the burn unit and was on a ventilator for almost the entire first month . Three teenagers have been charged as adults with attempted murder in connection with the incident . Detectives said eyewitnesses told them that 16-year-old Jesus Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Denver Jarvis , 15 , allegedly poured alcohol over him , and that Matthew Bent , also 15 , allegedly encouraged the attack . Detectives said Mendez admitted that he set Brewer on fire and that he made a "  bad decision , " according to an arrest transcript . The three face a maximum sentence of up to 30 years in prison if convicted . Two other boys who were allegedly involved , a 13-year-old and 15-year-old , have not been charged in the attack . A court-appointed psychologist who examined two of the five boys allegedly involved in the attack told CNN they are competent to proceed and assist their attorney . Detectives believe that Brewer owed Bent $ 40 for a video game . When Brewer did not pay , police said , Bent stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle , then was arrested when Brewer reported him to the police . The next day , police believe , the group sought out Brewer . Witnesses reported the group called him "  a snitch " as they set him on fire . Witnesses have said Brewer jumped into a pool to put out the flames .	Michael Brewer had trouble breathing "  and is now back in the ICU , " hospital says No word on whether his condition is related to burns on 65 percent of his body He was burned October 12 , released from hospital burn unit December 22 after skin grafts Three teens charged as adults with attempted murder in connection with burning
Arkansas Realtor Beverly Carter went to show a home in the city of Scott on Thursday . Then , she vanished . On Sunday , a court issued an arrest warrant for Aaron M. Lewis , 33 , in her disappearance . Police did n't say how they linked him to Carter . Lewis is still at large . Lewis had been in a traffic accident , and police went to scene , said Pulaski County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Lt. Carl Minden . Lewis was taken to the hospital and , once there , left . Dozens of volunteers -- maybe as many as 200 , according to authorities -- spent their Sunday searching for the missing woman in the Little Rock area . They will resume their search Monday . Her last phone call to her husband came Thursday afternoon , telling him the address where she would be . When hours went by with no further word from her , Carl Carter says he "  knew something was wrong . " This mysterious disappearance of the 49-year-old resonated among fellow Realtors , who posted their own fears on a Facebook page set up for sharing information about her case . Carl Carter reported his wife missing that same Thursday , according to the Pulaski County , Arkansas , Sheriff 's Office . Before calling authorities , Carl Carter went to the address of the home Beverly Carter was showing and saw her brown Cadillac parked there , the Sheriff 's Office said . Noticing the property was open , the husband entered and searched for his wife without success , according to the Sheriff 's Office . There has been activity on her cell phone since she disappeared , Minden said . Beverly Carter , who according to her employer 's website has been married for 34 years and has four grandchildren , was last seen wearing a black sleeveless shirt and red capris . The search has focused on an area of flat farmland and swamp around the Arkansas River , Minden said . The Sheriff 's Office has asked all owners of large tracts of land in the Scott area to search their properties . "  I feel like I 'm in a fog , or a horrible nightmare from which I ca n't awaken , " Beverly Carter 's son , also named Carl , wrote on a Facebook post . "  She needs us , and we must continue to pray  and  brainstorm ways to find her . " The elder Carl -- Beverly 's husband -- told CNN affiliate KARK that "  I would just like to have my wife back . " The social media hashtag #FindBeverly has gained steam , and the Facebook page about her disappearance was followed by more than 18,000 people as of Sunday evening . The Facebook page is filled with prayers for Beverly and her family , but also is a sounding board for Realtors from across the country on the issue of safety in their profession . "  I have been a Realtor for 36 years , and it gets more dangerous all the time , " wrote Patricia Schmitz Manos , who described her method for sharing information about her location with family while showing homes . Another Realtor , Sharon Lynn Jarrell-Fleming , emphasized how she never shows a home alone . "  Partner up with an agent in your office for showings ... if someone is out to harm you they will if you 're alone , " she wrote . "  Buddy system ! " Others argued for Realtors to carry guns while showing homes . Others favored pepper spray or other deterrents . "  This is always a fear I 've had , " Nancy Israel Valene wrote . "  I am praying you find Beverly . She is me , she is you , and she is the entire Realtor community nationwide . Who could have imagined that this is a dangerous job ? Not me . "	Volunteers will resume their search for the Realtor on Monday Police issue arrest warrant for Aaron Lewis , who is still at large Arkansas resident Beverly Carter went missing while showing a home Her disappearance has raised the issue of safety in the profession
Washington  CNN  -- They are the size of marshmallows and the colors of peppermint twists . And because some small children think they might be treats , laundry detergent gel packs -- which recently hit the market -- are proving to be a potential home hazard . Authorities in the United States and in the United Kingdom say there has been an uptick in phone calls and hospitalizations resulting from children who have swallowed or otherwise been exposed to the gel packs of highly concentrated laundry detergent , perhaps believing them to be candy . U.S. poison hotlines have received 2,950 calls concerning exposures to children 5 and under so far this year , with 734 calls in August alone . Not all exposures are poisonings or overdoses . No deaths have been reported . Powerful magnets in toys raise risks from swallowing "  Because they are colorful and squishy , they are attractive to children , " warns the American Association of Poison Control Centers . "  They can look like candy or something fun to play with . " But the capsules contain strong alkaline cleaning agents that can destroy tissue and cause intense inflammation and swelling , according to the authors of an article in the British Medical Journal . Some children who swallowed the packets have become very ill and required hospitalization , the poison controls group said . Some children have experienced excessive vomiting , wheezing and gasping . New York City 's poison hotline received its first call about the gel packs in April , and has received about 40 more since then , most from hospitals , said Health Department spokeswoman Chanel Caraway . "  It is something new that we 're seeing , " Caraway said . "  These are basically brand new to the market and once they started hitting the market is when we started seeing  reports of exposures  . " In May , the U.S. poison centers highlighted the issue , urging parents to store concentrated detergents out of reach of young children . And the American Cleaning Institute  ACI  , an organization representing producers and distributors in the cleaning products industry , advises consumers to store the detergents "  out of reach and out of sight of children . " ACI : Doing Laundry -- The Safe Way On its website  www.cleaninginstitute.org  , the organization has guidance on safe use and storage of "  single unit dose laundry detergent packets . " Included is the phone number -- 1-800-222-1222 -- to call to reach a poison center in the United States . "  Detergent manufacturers are re-emphasizing the importance of keeping single unit dose laundry detergent packets out of the reach of children , in the wake of recent reports about children accidentally ingesting these products , " Brian Sansoni , ACI vice president , told CNN Wednesday . "  We are obviously very concerned whenever these situations occur . " ACI : Safe Laundry Practices In the United Kingdom , the National Poisoning Information Service received 647 phone calls and almost 4,000 online searches about the eating/swallowing of the contents of liquid detergent capsules , from health care professionals in the last year , according to an article published Wednesday in the British Medical Journal . In the UK , doctors are calling for improved safety warnings and childproof packaging for the "  liquitabs " after a cluster of five incidents in which toddlers inadvertently swallowed the capsules , the Journal reports . The cases were reported in the "  Archives of Disease in Childhood . " All five children were admitted to one hospital in Glasgow , Scotland , as emergencies with four requiring intubations for several days to treat swelling . In one child , the swelling was so severe it required surgery . "  All the children recovered , but ... the incidents had ' a catastrophic impact on the child and family , ' " the Journal reported .	In August alone , U.S. poison centers got 734 calls regarding children and detergent gel packs U.S. poison hotlines have received 2,950 calls so far this year Parents are urged to store concentrated detergents out of reach of young children If a child has ingested a packet , call your local poison center at 1-800-222-1222
CNN  -- Should unauthorized disclosures of classified information be praised or condemned ? The events of recent weeks -- and the disclosures of Edward Snowden in particular -- have propelled this question to the forefront of public debate . Unfortunately , the responses have been polarized , with some hailing leakers as patriots , and others condemning them as traitors . Some have cited the Founding Fathers to make the case that Snowden was justified in revealing secrets . As is often the case , the truth is more complicated . The first thing to bear in mind is that employees such as Snowden volunteer to be entrusted with classified information . When they disclose secrets , they are violating the trust that they have asked to be placed in themselves . And they are public employees  even if they happen to be contractors rather than permanent employees  . The Snowden Index : A glance at opinions about the NSA leaker This means that when they disclose secrets , they are disobeying not only their supervisors , but also the public , whose representatives have enacted laws and regulations relating to the handling of classified information . Finally , it is not personal secrets that these employees are revealing but state secrets . As such , their actions endanger their fellow citizens when they undermine security operations . In sum , when a government employee makes an unauthorized disclosure he is violating trust , disobeying the law and potentially endangering others . These are points worth absorbing before cheering on leakers and whistle-blowers as "  patriots . " This does not mean that an employee can never be justified in making an unauthorized disclosure . An employee could uncover activity so heinous that he feels confident that citizens and overseers would want to know about it so that they could punish the wrongdoers . This could be activity that is obviously criminal or clearly immoral . An example would be the inhumane practices employed at Abu Ghraib prison , whose disclosure led to the prosecution of wrongdoers rather than the complainant . The recent disclosures do not meet this standard though -- Snowden does not claim to have exposed criminal activity . Well , has he uncovered activity that is clearly seen as immoral by his fellow citizens ? This is questionable since polls suggest that at least half the country favors secret electronic surveillance and disapproves of his actions . Is it enough that Snowden thinks that the National Security Agency 's program is morally wrong ? This argument is obviously problematic . For if Snowden is allowed to break the law whenever he likes , then why should n't others ? Should we allow a fiscal conservative in the military to reveal a nuclear weapons programs he deems too expensive ? Should a Secret Service officer who supports Greenpeace be allowed to disclose the use of a decoy Air Force One because the increased carbon emissions hurt his conscience ? What these hypotheticals make clear is that when officials break the law they must be able to give reasons why we the public would want the secret exposed , not why they would want the secret exposed . Perhaps it will be argued that Snowden thought the program violated the Fourth Amendment . It is worth asking : What happens when an employee becomes aware of a secret policy or operation whose lawfulness might be unclear to him , perhaps because the law is vague or because he worries that overseers are unaware of the activity in question ? Under these circumstances , the employee would be justified in bringing his concern to the attention of higher-ups . Should he fear retaliation , he might even be justified in approaching law enforcement or even lawmakers . But once he knows that lawmakers and federal judges have also consented to the secret activity in question  as in the PRISM case  , then the employee 's options are considerably narrower . If the policy or operation violates his conscience , then he ought to resign . But if he now decides to disclose the secret policy or operation , then he must accept the legal consequences . Why ? Because by subverting the decisions of the president , Congress , and the courts , the employee has undermined the authority that the people have vested in these representative institutions . Therefore to refuse now to submit to the law , to flee overseas , as Snowden has done , is to show contempt for democracy and the rule of law . If an employee believes that he has broken the law for reasons that his fellow citizens will understand , then he ought to be willing to take his chances before a jury  as in the Bradley Manning case  . The moral limits outlined above will be rejected by those who praise unauthorized disclosures . They will insist that unauthorized disclosures advance democracy and American values because transparency is democratic and secrecy is un-American . But this argument can not be taken seriously . After all , there are things that the public itself may not want to know , which is why our elected representatives have enacted laws and regulations prohibiting the unauthorized disclosure of classified information . Or are our public officials only allowed to keep secrets when unelected and unaccountable government contractors agree that they may ? If that is what we believe , then why have a president ? Or hold elections ? Indeed , why have a Constitution ? Just let the contractors run the show . Opinion : Edward Snowden is a hero It is also worth recalling that the Constitution was not written solely to promote transparency . There are other important values that must also be taken into account , such as the need for what the Framers called "  energy " in government , i.e. , the capacity to act speedily and secretly in the national interest . This point is often forgotten by those advocating on behalf of employees who make unauthorized disclosures . "  Has Thomas Jefferson 's notion that the bedrock of democracy rests on an informed citizenry become as ` quaint ' as the Geneva Conventions ? " Coleen Rowley recently asked on CNN . Rowley might be surprised to learn that in May 1784 , Congress overwhelmingly approved a resolution declaring all diplomatic correspondence be "  considered , at all times , as under an injunction of secrecy , except as to such parts of them as Congress shall , by special permission , allow to be published or communicated . " The mover of the resolution was ... you guessed it , Thomas Jefferson . And what about Meriwether Lewis and William Clark 's expedition , which was , as Stephen Knott notes in "  Secret and Sanctioned , " only one of the many covert operations undertaken by Jefferson and his successors ? Proponents of transparency also love to cite James Madison , the Father of the Constitution , who once said that "  a popular Government , without popular information , or the means of acquiring it , is but a prologue to a farce or a tragedy . " What they do n't realize is that these words come from a letter that Madison wrote to Lt. Gov. William Barry commending Kentucky 's appropriations for public education in mathematics . To see what Madison really thought about secrecy it is worth recalling the case of David Howell , Rhode Island 's delegate to the Continental Congress , who leaked to the Providence Gazette news of a friendly overture from Sweden . Howell leaked the news , which had been recorded in the Secret Journal on Benjamin Franklin 's request , because he believed it vindicated his stance that the United States would be able to mend its war-ravaged finances by raising new loans in Europe , and that Congress therefore did not have to impose a 5 % import duty that Rhode Islanders opposed . Claiming to have informed his constituents of "  such things as they have a right to know , " Howell subsequently defended his action before the Continental Congress as an exercise of "  the freedom of speech . " Sound familiar ? Guess how his colleagues -- our revered Founders -- reacted . Howell 's response , Madison observes in his "  Notes of Debates , " provoked "  universal indignation , " because his colleagues viewed his actions as having betrayed the Swedes and presented the public with a distorted picture of the United States ' financial dealings that could not be corrected without revealing "  many delicate transactions . " Not surprisingly , then , Howell 's defense of his action was formally condemned -- on Alexander Hamilton 's motion -- as "  highly derogatory to the honor and dignity of the United States in Congress . " To be clear , the fact that secrecy has long been seen as being in the public interest does not give officials carte blanche to do as they like . Secrecy needs to be balanced against important civil liberties . The central question is : Who should do the balancing ? The reason the Constitution entrusts the business of balancing values to the three branches is because the officials in charge are chosen by the people and are in a position to check each other , especially with respect to secret policies or operations that it would be self-defeating to make public . So when an individual decides to short-circuit or circumvent this careful arrangement , he must only do so when there is reason to believe that representatives from all three branches have allowed grave wrongdoing to go unchecked . Otherwise , an unauthorized disclosure is nothing more than an effort to impose one 's own narrow political view on one 's fellow citizens . In such a case , it is the leaker , not state secrecy , that poses an "  existential threat " to American democracy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rahul Sagar .	Rahul Sagar : Edward Snowden took on a heavy burden when he leaked U.S. secrets He says Snowden could have gone to higher-ups or resigned over policies he opposed Sagar : Snowden usurped the role properly played by three branches of government Framers of Constitution such as Madison , Jefferson opposed leaking of secrets , he says
Beverly Hills , California  CNN  -- Two loud booms jolted awake the music industry executive in her fifth-floor room of the Beverly Hilton hotel . The time was 3:30 p.m. Saturday . The thuds seemed to be coming from the room below . The voice of a man , loud and urgent , followed . It was only later that she learned the news : Whitney Houston , a guest in the room below hers , had died . Cause of death : Unclear . Time pronounced : 3:55 p.m. , February 11 , 2012 . Age : A mere 48 . The shock and grief from fans worldwide was immediate : Houston 's pipes and presence , her grit and glamour had made her an icon . Fans : Whitney Houston 's music spanned an era For a decade and a half , she ruled the charts : 170 million albums sold , including seven back-to-back multi-platinum ones . Numerous No. 1 hits , including the biggest-selling U.S. single of all time , "  I Will Always Love You . " Emmys , Grammys , Billboard Music awards . Dozens of them . While her luster dimmed in recent years as she battled drug addiction , Houston was in the midst of a comeback . A few shows here and there , mostly abroad , and a movie in the works . She had appeared healthy and beautiful in recent days , said the music executive -- who did not want to be identified because she did n't want reporters hounding her . Just days before , the exec had seen Houston swimming in the hotel pool with daughter Bobbi Kristina . They looked happy , she said . What exactly happened Saturday afternoon now awaits a coroner 's examination . Police and fire officials were called to Houston 's room at 3:43 p.m. , after Houston 's bodyguard found her unconscious body . Medics tried reviving her , but failed . There were "  no obvious signs of criminal intent , " said Beverly Hills Police Lt. Mark Rosen . Medics removed her body from the hotel room early Sunday morning and an autopsy has been scheduled . But the county coroner 's office could not say when . "  I just ca n't talk about it now . It 's so stunning and unbelievable , " said singer Aretha Franklin on hearing the news . "  I could n't believe what I was reading coming across the TV screen . " Saturday night , fans mourned Houston 's death in different ways inside and outside the Beverly Hilton . Grief flows at hotel where Houston died Outside , grieving fans laid roses and flickering candles on the front and back entrances of the sprawling complex . Some sang songs . Others played her music videos on their smartphone . "  Everyone has their own demons , and some overcome them and some never do , " said Tya Conerly , referring to Houston 's history of drug abuse . "  Sometimes life gets the best of us . " Inside the hotel , music industry 's biggest names gathered in elegant attire for an annual pre-Grammy party that had been long planned by Houston 's mentor , Clive Davis . "  I do have a heavy heart , and I am personally devastated by someone so close to me for so many years , " Davis told the gathering of artists and entertainers , that included Tony Bennett , Gladys Knight and Britney Spears . "  My heart goes out to her daughter Bobbi Kristina and her mother , Cissy . " He then asked for a moment of silence . "  We dedicate this evening to her , " he said . Stunned celebrities mourn Whitney Houston Houston had been scheduled to attend the festivities . She had performed as late as Thursday night at a pre-Grammy event in the area , a raspy rendition "  Jesus Loves Me " with singer Kelly Price . The organizers of Sunday 's Grammy Awards said they have retooled the show to pay respect to Houston , with the help of singer Jennifer Hudson . "  It 's going to be something respectful , " said Ken Ehrlich , executive producer of the show . "  It 's not going to be a full-blown tribute . That 's too early and it 's too fresh at this moment . It 's going to be something respectful to Whitney 's memory . " But musician Paul Shaffer said he thinks the whole show will double as a tribute to Houston . "  Here is music 's happiest night combined with such a sad note , " he said . "  You got to be some kind of philosopher to make some kind of sense out of this . I certainly ca n't . " Sorrow at church where Houston got her start Houston was born in Newark , New Jersey , on August 9 , 1963 , the daughter of gospel singer Cissy Houston . Her cousin was Dionne Warwick ; her godmother Aretha Franklin . "  You could n't find a more auspicious template for great expectations , " said music critic Gene Seymour . In the mid-1980s , Davis spotted Houston in a New York nightclub and signed her on the spot . For the next quarter century , he steered her career and served as her mentor . "  I saw a depth and a range and soul ... that rarely ranks at the top level , " he said Thursday . "  And that 's why we 've been working together ever since . " Houston 's career : A regal rise , a tragic fall Her string of Billboard No. 1 hits included "  Saving All My Love for You , " "  How Will I Know , " "  The Greatest Love of All , " "  Where Do Broken Hearts Go , " and "  I Wan na Dance With Somebody  Who Loves Me  . " In 1991 , Houston 's commanding performance of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " at the Super Bowl , just days into the first Persian Gulf War , electrified audiences and became the gold standard for performing the national anthem , according to many music critics . The next year , she released the soundtrack to her movie "  The Bodyguard , " one of the top 10 biggest-selling albums of all time . Her cover of Dolly Parton 's "  I Will Always Love You " for the soundtrack has been interpreted by many but rarely duplicated . TIME.com : Houston 's ten most memorable songs She appeared in several more films in the 1990s , including "  Waiting to Exhale . " In 2000 , Houston earned her sixth Grammy for best female R&B performance and , a month later , she was named female artist of the decade at the "  Soul Train " Music Awards . But by then , her battle with drugs -- cocaine and marijuana -- and her tumultuous marriage to singer Bobby Brown were taking their toll . The couple appeared together in the mid-2000s on the reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " and had one child together , Bobbi Kristina . HLNtv.com : What about Bobbi Kristina Brown ? They divorced in 2007 . Brown performed at a "  New Edition " concert Saturday night in South Haven , Mississippi . "  The atmosphere felt bittersweet , " said iReporter Moshiu Knox , who attended the concert with his wife . "  Bobby was crying during his performance and at one point had to walk off stage . ... The crowd was emotional and tears were flowing all over the arena . " Video of the concert show Brown asking the audience to pray for the couple 's daughter . "  If you find the time , can you say a prayer for me because I 'm going to need it , " he says . In a 2009 interview with Oprah Winfrey , Houston recalled how her mother arrived one day at her doorstep with sheriff 's officers and a court order in a drug intervention . "  My mother  says , ' I have a court  injunction  here , ' " Houston said . "  Either you do it my way , or we 're just not going to do this at all . We are both going to go on TV , and you 're going to retire . ' " She entered rehab and took a long hiatus . Her 2009 release , "  I Look To You , " was her first in seven years . "  I just took a break , which sometimes you have to , " Houston said . "  You have to know when to slow that train down and kind of just sit back and relax for a minute . " TIME.com : Houston 's life in photos She recently returned to a movie set for "  Sparkle , " a remake of the 1976 hit that was loosely based on the story of The Supremes . It is scheduled to be released nationwide in August , her first movie role since 1996 's "  The Preacher 's Wife . " Music mogul Simon Cowell said Houston 's death is one of those events where you remember what you were doing when you heard the news . "  It 's that significant , " he said . "  I 'm so sad for her . She was undoubtedly one of the greatest superstars of all time , one of the greatest voices in our lifetime we 're likely ever to hear . " CNN 's Holly Yan reported from Atlanta and Denise Quan from Beverly Hills . Michael Martinez , Phil Gast and Alan Duke also contributed to this report .	NEW : Paul Shaffer : "  Here is music 's happiest night combined with such a sad note " Clive Davis ' annual pre-Grammy party takes place at the same hotel Houston was found Houston was scheduled to attend the party A tribute is expected at Sunday night 's Grammy Awards
Youth unemployment is not a new subject to make the headlines  see Spain and Greece  but it is has become a particularly acute problem for Jordan . Those aged between 15 and 24 make up a large percentage of the working age population in the Middle East nation of nearly 8 million people and have been particularly hard hit in recent years . According to April figures from Jordan 's Department of Statistics , 36.6 % of 15-19 year olds and 27.9 % of 20-24 years olds in the country are out of work . Events in the surrounding region have hardly helped in this regard . First , the Arab Spring hit investment . Then , the Syrian civil war sparked a refugee crisis . The Jordanian government says approximately 1.2 million Syrians have fled the country and entered into Jordan , many of whom are looking to work and provide for their families . A further 29,000 Iraqi refugees have registered in Jordan , according to the UNHCR , and this number could rise if the ongoing destabilization and march of ISIS continues . CNN 's John Defterios sat down with Jordan 's labor minister , Nidal Katamine , to discuss the scale of these issues and what measures need to be put in place to tackle them . He began by asking whether the current conditions make it nigh on impossible to decrease unemployment in the medium term . Nidal Katamine  NK  : The problem is when you have a sudden increase in population into the country vis-a-vis the refugees we are receiving from Syria and prior to that the economic situation going on via the Arab Spring ... that has increased the foreign labor force in the country . Hence your strategies have to be all the time readjusted . It 's very tough to keep or maintain a strategy that would reduce figures in view of this very unusual phenomenon . John Defterios  JD  : Is the west or industrialized world not doing enough to assist in this transition because of the Syrian crisis and again the bubbling of the Iraqi crisis ? NK : To be frank with you the west is looking into it and trying to do something but in effect they 're not really doing enough to support Jordan in this disaster as it were . This is a disaster that is happening in the region and Jordan is taking the thrust of it . We 've been trying to reach out to donors and to the rest of the world . We 've received a lot of promises and pats on the back but unfortunately we have not really received real support . We 're very , very disappointed at this stage . As a minister of labor I made this clear last year to the ILO , the International Labour Organization , and I plead for assistance . Ultimately , you need to help the people on the ground here who require training or who requires to be adjusted within a new society and also not to influence the existing labor society that they are hosted in . JD : If you have nearly one out of four youth unemployed and you have a Syrian refugee or an Iraqi coming in what happens ? Do they undercut the existing wages that are there and is this the tension that is on the street . NK : Let me give you an idea of the scale of the problem . Imagine if the whole of Canada just visited the USA . This is how it is now for us vis-a-vis the Syrian refugees alone , let alone the neighboring countries like Egypt ... it is very tough for us . It is affecting our labor force . Unfortunately , those who are living in Jordan as refugees , they are looking for any work that could cover their expenses . Therefore their reduced wages is attracting the labor market and obviously that is definitely influencing the figures in Jordan . JD : The private sector has been complaining for years that they do n't like what comes out of the education system , that they have to retrain the workers . Should they stop complaining and be more active at the front line of the challenge ? NK : I think in Jordan we have not succeeded in the past to do the proper match . Even the developed world is facing problems . I feel that for example the body that is responsible for unemployment in the rest of the world is always the ministries of labor which should not be the case . Each ministry in relation to its own specific task should be responsible for that particular sector of unemployment . For example , the ministry of health should be responsible for the unemployment figures and they should be doing the mismatch or the match between the graduates of the sector and how could they actually fill into the jobs of the market . So , I think there is an overall comprehensive picture that should be looked into rather than just looking it from an aggregate point of view . JD : I 'd like to talk to you on a personal level . You are a father of three , two of  your children  are training to be solicitors or attorneys in the UK . Would you welcome them back and say there is enough opportunity in your own market ? NK : I would definitely like them to carry on working in Jordan . Wherever you go there is a challenge for every individual . Even if you want to go and find a job in the UK you still have to compete with a lot of challenges and compete with a lot of those who probably have better qualifications than yourself . Therefore , even in Jordan you still have to compete and I think it 's only making Jordan stronger to try to present themselves to the labor market to represent themselves with more communication skills and more experiences . I do n't think I should worry about them finding a job in Jordan if they are qualified .	Jordan has high rates of youth unemployment Arab Spring and conflict in Syria have exacerbated situation Jordan looking to work with partners and introduce programs get more into work
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- It was classic Clinton . It was Sen. Hillary Clinton 's big night but before her speech even began , former President Bill Clinton reached out in his box and firmly embraced a young African-American man . Clinton gripped the young man tightly ; to millions watching on television , it was clear he could feel Mervyn Jones Jr. 's pain . As he sat down for his wife 's headlining address , Bill Clinton 's silent embrace of the 25-year-old son of recently deceased Ohio Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones resonated loudly . Rep. Tubbs Jones , of course , was a solid and loyal Clinton supporter , standing by the Clintons even when many other black leaders were shifting their support to Barack Obama . Then , in her speech , Sen. Clinton herself took a moment to mention Tubbs Jones and her son . "  Steadfast in her beliefs , a fighter of uncommon grace , she was an inspiration to me and to us all , " Clinton said . "  Our heart goes out to Stephanie 's son , Mervyn Jr. " The public moment of recognition was the result of years of friendship . " I remember the first time President Clinton ran for office -LSB- in 1992 -RSB- , " Jones Jr. told CNN . "  He came to Cleveland . I must have been 8 years old . "  My mother got the chance to meet him . ... They have been best of friends ever since , " he said . And , perhaps , it was also a reminder that if you stand by the Clintons , the Clintons will stand by you . Tubbs Jones endorsed Hillary Clinton for president in April 2007 but with Sen. Barack Obama 's success during the primaries , many African-American superdelegates came under pressure to back Obama instead . Tubbs Jones , however , held steadfast even as others in her position switched their allegiance . "  I 'm going to be with her until she says , ` Stephanie , I 'm no longer in this fight . You 're free to do something else , ' " Tubbs Jones told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in March . "  In politics , all you have is your word , " she added . She passed that same sense of commitment on to her son . "  If you give somebody your word , you 're going to go ahead and do it , " Jones Jr. said the day after Hillary Clinton 's address to the Democratic National Convention . "  Otherwise , it 's not worth anything . " "  The same goes in politics , " he added . "  If you do n't have your word , you do n't really have anything to stand on in politics . So , that 's one thing I did learn -LSB- from my mother -RSB- at a very early age . " When Sen. Clinton asked Jones Jr. to sit with her husband during what was perhaps her most important speech to date , he agreed . "  She always said that if you do n't stick by somebody in the bad times , you never know how good the good times are going to be , " Jones Jr. said , explaining his mother 's view of loyalty . Tubbs Jones , 58 , died suddenly a week ago of a brain aneurysm . She was in her fifth term in the House of Representatives and was the first African-American woman to represent Ohio in the House . What would Tubbs Jones have thought of Sen. Clinton 's call Tuesday for Democrats to unify behind Obama ? "  She would 've been standing up , hooting and hollering saying , ` Wow . That 's exactly what we needed . Way to be a team player , ' " Jones Jr. said . In what some political analysts were calling the first speech of her second campaign for president , Hillary Clinton did her part on stage . And , in the box , her husband held on tightly to the son of an old friend and sent a message of his own that may resonate as an important moment in the long-term resurrection of the Clinton brand in American politics .	Bill Clinton 's silent embrace of Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones ' son resonated loudly Tubbs Jones , 58 , died suddenly a week ago of a brain aneurysm The public moment of recognition was the result of years of friendship
Washington  CNN  -- Republican K. Carl Smith is African-American and he knows that the GOP 's racial reckoning wo n't come from 100-page reports from party headquarters with carefully worded prescriptions about "  outreach " to "  demographic partners . " Instead , the type of sea change needed to shake the GOP 's image as a party of old , white and culturally-insulated men will require the type of profound grassroots shakeup that might make some in the GOP uneasy . "  You got your establishment Republicans who want to keep things the same , " said Smith , an Army veteran who grew up in Alabama during the Civil Rights era . "  The status quo needs to go through some , I wo n't say diversity classes , but I 'll say liberty classes and learn about helping people on the bottom of the ladder . " He said the party also has to deal with small but noisy elements that co-opt any message of inclusiveness if it wants to win the "  propaganda battle . " Full CPAC coverage When Smith , founder of the Frederick Douglass Republicans , tried to share his message while leading a panel at last weekend 's Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland , he found himself face to face with that fringe . Smith said one young attendee said Douglass , an abolitionist , should have thanked his slave masters for giving him food and shelter and that segregation was n't such a bad policy . The Republican National Committee knows it has major work ahead as it tries to make inroads with racial minorities , young voters and women . The group released a 100-page report analyzing its losses in the 2012 presidential election as well as seats in the House . GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney lost big among Latinos , African-Americans and Asians . "  The report notes the way we communicate our principles is n't resonating widely enough , " RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said . "  Focus groups described our party as ` narrow-minded , ' ` out of touch , ' and ` stuffy old men . ' " "  It all goes back to what our moms used to tell us : It 's not just what we say ; it 's how we say it , " Priebus continued . Republicans want to change perception of ` stuffy old men ' Romney 's hardline stance on immigration , including his endorsement of a policy of "  self-deportation , " may be one reason why he won just 27 % of Latino voters -- a lower percentage than the last two GOP presidential candidates . But Romney is n't the only Republican politician who has used that type of rhetoric . Similar comments from other GOP politicians coupled with the occasional pronouncements of President Barack Obama as "  lazy " helps to cement for minorities an impression of the Republican Party as out of touch and out of sync with minority communities , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . Outreach and naming minorities to committee positions is great , Gillespie said , but the party has much harder work ahead . Party leaders will have to work to better understand the minority groups they are reaching out to . In the case of African-Americans and Latinos , that will mean recognizing the fact that a strong sense of "  linked fate " means many members of this group may be loathe to take a hardline position on cutting entitlement programs , immigration or changing the Voting Rights Act because someone they know may be adversely affected , Gillespie said . "  If prominent Republicans are signing amicus briefs supporting dismantling affirmative action , African-Americans and Latinos will have a problem with that , " Gillespie said . She added that the GOP also wo n't win broader minority support "  in the budget talks advocating dismantling programs that disproportionately help people of color while keeping programs that are perceived in helping the well off . " "  It 's going to take some platform changes , " Gillespie said . "  The identity politics they decry is something minorities hold dear . That 's a compromise some people will be unwilling to make . " The RNC report underscored this point . Opinion : GOP has power where it counts - the states "  If Hispanic Americans perceive that a GOP nominee or candidate does not want them in the United States , they will not pay attention to our next sentence , " it states . In one of its few policy recommendations , the report counsels Republicans to "  embrace and champion " comprehensive immigration reform . Lionel Sosa , a veteran Latino GOP strategist who has helped advise candidates since 1980 , put it more bluntly . "  Token efforts , such as tamale parties , will no longer work , " Sosa told CNN last year . "  Winning will require more than outreach . It will require inclusion . " "  Latinos , African-Americans and people of other races must be represented in the important decision-making strategies of any given campaign , whether it be for a Democrat or Republican . " For his part , Smith holds out hope that the GOP 's attempts to bring more minorities into the Big Tent will align the party 's views with those of Douglass , his personal hero who he says shared Republican values . But he 's looking for more than platitudes about inclusiveness . The party , Smith said , has got to tie principles about self-reliance and getting weaned off government dependence to efforts to help people become entrepreneurs and gain a stronger economic foothold . "  The Republican Party has to be sincere , otherwise the outcome is not going to work and it 's going to fail , " Smith said . 5 things post-CPAC : New faces , old music and winners/losers	Republican outreach to minority cited as a priority in new report The GOP will have to work hard to gain trust , voters in minority communities Previous GOP policy positions on immigration , entitlements a hurdle for some minorities Some platform changes may be needed in order to win over more minority voters
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Conflicting accounts emerged Thursday over whether the extremist group Al-Shabaab has signaled a desire to negotiate with Kenya amid a Kenyan military offensive targeting the group . "  They want to talk , " said a Kenyan official who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to talk to the media . A spokesman for the Kenyan government , however , disputed that account and said Kenya would n't talk with Al-Shabaab even if the group did want to negotiate . "  Al-Shabaab has not contacted Kenya in any way , " said the spokesman , Alfred Mutua . "  There are no plans whatsoever for Kenya to negotiate with Al-Shabaab . Kenya does not negotiate with outlawed groups . " He said Kenyan troops have enjoyed success since crossing the border into Somalia to pursue Al-Shabaab , which the United States and several Western nations view as a terrorist organization . "  They are running scared . I think they are busy running for their lives , " Mutua said . "  They do n't have time to talk . " Kenyan troops struck several Al-Shabaab training sites in Somalia early Thursday , a military spokesman said . The militant group , which includes many rival factions with different leaders , operates from Somalia . The group 's leaders were said to be reaching out for possible negotiations two weeks after Kenyan troops stormed into Somalia to hunt for Al-Shabaab , which Kenya blames for recent kidnappings of foreigners in the nation . But Sheikh Mukhtar Robow Ali , Al-Shabaab 's second-in-command who is also known as Abu Mansur , told supporters protesting in Mogadishu against the Kenyan incursion that if Kenya struck targets in Somalia , the militant group would strike back . Kenya has said its forces aim to take the Somali port city of Kismayo , described by the United Nations as a key stronghold and source of cash for Al-Shabaab . The United Nations estimates the group collects up to $ 50 million a year from businesses in Kismayo , about half of its annual income . Robow urged what he said were Al-Shabaab-trained fighters in Kenya to take action in return , with the Kenyan port of Mombasa a target . " Carry out attacks with heavy losses on Kenya , " Robow said . "  If Kenya closes the sea port in Kismayo , attack its banks , its port , its foreign guests and wherever there is a high-value target . " Kenyan officials have declared self-defense justifies crossing the border with Somalia , saying a recent spate of abductions threatened its security and constituted an attack . Kidnappers have seized two aid workers and two European tourists in the past month . "  We have looked at what is going on ... and decided that unless we move in now , Al-Shabaab is not diminishing , it is becoming bigger and bigger , " Mutua said . The war on terror can not be won without dismantling the group 's power , he said . Efforts to flush out the terror group will take a "  couple of months , if that , " Mutua said , adding that "  weeks " would be a more ideal time frame . Analysts and diplomats have raised concerns over the incursion , saying it gives the terror group a reason to strike Kenya . "  If there is anything we have learned in the last couple of decades is that foreign intervention , especially military intervention , does n't work in Somalia , " said Rashid Abdi , an analyst for International Crisis Group . "  I definitely understand Kenya 's anxiety about the terror threat emanating from Somalia ... but I think there is more that Kenya could have done inside the country . " While noting Kenya 's "  right to defend itself , " the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi said it was not part of the decision to send troops to Somalia . "  The United States did not encourage the Kenyan government to act nor did Kenya seek our views , " said Katya Thomas , the embassy 's press officer . "  We note that Kenya has a right to defend itself against threats to its security and its citizens . " Somali President Sharif Ahmed thanked Kenya on Wednesday for helping battle the extremist group two days after he accused the nation of overstepping its boundaries . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	NEW : An Al-Shabaab commander says its militants will strike Kenyan targets in return A Kenyan government spokesman denies Al-Shabaab overture Another Kenyan official said Al-Shabaab wants to talk Kenyan forces entered Somalia two weeks ago to pursue Al-Shabaab
EW.com  -- Truly , " D -- in a Box " is the gift that keeps on giving for the Lonely Island , the nom de fake rap of "  Saturday Night Live " star Andy Samberg and his BFFs , "  SNL " writer-directors Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer . EW.com : Andy Samberg to host Shark Week . Can he top Craig Ferguson ? Since that brilliant , indisputably instructive R&B satire first appeared in 2006 , the trio -- along with featured players like Rihanna , T-Pain , and a very game Justin Timberlake -- has had remarkable success in the notoriously difficult genre of " funny music , " hitting a neat balance of parody and sweet-natured homage  peppered with plenty of references to their respective junk  . Now , two years after "  Incredibad , " a debut that collected many of the group 's greatest , previously televised hits , comes "  Turtleneck & Chain , " a perfectly acceptibad follow-up . EW.com : ` SNL ' skit men The Lonely Island reveal new album cover , guests Justin Timberlake , Rihanna , Nicki Minaj and more On " Motherlover , " honorary Islander Timberlake returns for a deeply filthy , proudly MILF-y ode to " pushing that way where you came out as a baby , " while the triumphantly goofy " I Just Had Sex , " with Akon , manages to be both outrageous and entirely plausible radio bait . EW.com : Michael Bolton returns to ` SNL ' after 20 years : Best thing he did in between appearances ? Rihanna , Nicki Minaj , a sleepy , maybe-not-in-on-the-joke Snoop Dogg , and " major cinephile " Michael Bolton  !  all make appearances -- but it 's the chameleonic core trio that truly surprises . At one point , over a classic , adrenalized hip-hop beat , Samberg and Taccone trade fierce criminology rhymes with a swagger that 's downright serious . Until , of course , one notices the title : " Trouble on Dookie Island . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The group is Andy Samberg , Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer On " Motherlover , " Justin Timberlake returns for a deeply filthy , proudly MILF-y ode Rihanna , Nicki Minaj , Snoop Dogg , and Michael Bolton all make appearances
CNN  -- Among the places that Sen. John McCain , a prisoner of war in Vietnam , visited during his visit to Tripoli this week was Jdeida prison . McCain said he wanted to see detention facilities firsthand . A fair system of justice -- absent for decades under strongman Moammar Gadhafi -- is an important step toward building a new Libya , the nation 's Western allies have said . McCain found overcrowding and a backed-up judicial system . Still , he said he found it encouraging that Libya 's new leadership had allowed him and three fellow Republican lawmakers inside the Jdeida . As of September 27 , the two wings of Jdeida prison were housing about 1,500 detainees , according to Human Rights Watch , which over a one-month span inspected eight prisons in Tripoli and 12 smaller detention facilities . The group spoke with 53 detainees to compile a picture of what happens when a nation goes to war with itself ; when Libyans fight Libyans and the thirst for vengeance runs deep in the veins of people who have suffered for so long . After Tripoli fell in August , militias took over providing security in the Libyan capital . But without strong central authority , the armed fighters have been able to act on their own accord . Thousand of people have been arrested without proper legal review , Human Rights Watch said . These militias and other security groups aligned with the National Transitional Council have punished those suspected of murder and rape so severely that some of their actions could amount to torture , the rights group said in a report published this week . Those interviewed told Human Rights Watch that they were beaten and given electric shocks . Some showed their scars as proof of their claims . One man wept openly in telling his story of abuse . A detainee identified as Ahmed said this : "  They took an electric cable and started hitting me with it . They did n't use electricity , but they said that if I did n't talk , they would ... They hit me with a butt of the Kalashnikov . They kicked me in the face and in the chest . One scratched me with the knife  bayonet  of the Kalashnikov . " Human Rights Watch said none of the detainees have ever faced a judge . "  After all that Libyans suffered in Moammar Gadhafi 's jails , it 's disheartening that some of the new authorities are subjecting detainees to arbitrary arrest and beatings today , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch . "  The NTC owes it to the people of Libya to show that they will institute the rule of law from the start , ' Stork said . An element of race was also disturbing . Many of those arrested were dark-skinned Libyans and sub-Saharan Africans accused of having fought for Gadhafi , who had been known to make use of such mercenaries . Abdulatif , a dark-complected Libyan , offered this account to Human Rights Watch : "  The rebels were taking turns . There were too many to count . Every day , there was a new face . They zapped me with an electric stick on my legs and on my arms . They did that twice . They asked me questions when they did this ... . They asked me again and hit me . I said ` No , I swear I did n't , ' so they started electrocuting me . They wanted me to confess but in the wrong way . They hit me every day . They used falaga  beating on the bottom of the feet -RSB-  and hit me on my back , all over my body , and slapped my face . They did this three times . " Mahmoud Jabril , Libya 's de facto prime minister , recognized the problem and said it needed urgent attention . "  Prisoner abuse of any kind is not acceptable , " he told Human Rights Watch . "  We joined the revolution to end such mistreatment , not to see it continue in any form . " The global rights monitoring organization urged Libya 's leaders to bring militia and security units under unified control and set clear standards for conduct .	Human Rights Watch spoke with detainees in Libyan jails The detainees described beatings and electric shocks The rights group is urging Libya 's new leaders to make justice a priority It stresses rule of law in making a fresh start in Libya
CNN  -- Since the early days of pop music , the music industry has been searching for the secret formula to writing a successful song -- for that special alchemy that separates a Grammy-winner from a dud . For a period in the 1970s and 80s , the self-styled King of Pop Michael Jackson seemed to have stumbled upon it , but somewhere along the line he , too , seems to have misplaced it . Hit Song Science claims to be able to predict whether a song will be a pop hit But now a piece of software claims it can compute whether a song has chart-topping potential , and a number of record companies and musicians are using Hit Song Science  HSS  to gauge whether they have a hit on their hands . The software , developed by Barcelona-based Music Intelligence Solutions , works by breaking down more than 60 elements of a song , including melody , harmony , tempo , pitch , octave , beat , rhythm , fullness of sound , noise , brilliance and chord progression , and compares it against a database of over 3.5 million past commercial hits . The program organizes songs into clusters with similar-sounding equivalents and then rates the song on a scale of one to ten , with a score of 7.3 being deemed likely to do well in the music charts . Curiously , clusters of songs do not necessarily contain songs that sound the same to the human ear , but from a mathematical perspective they share similarities . HSS analyzed music from Norah Jones ' first album before she broke through and the program 's algorithms placed her in a cluster with Linkin Park , Aerosmith and JayZ . If you have ever wondered why you sometimes find yourself humming along to some smooth jazz on the radio when you consider yourself a strict thrash metal fan only , then perhaps HSS has discovered the scientific answer . Besides Norah Jones , the program also predicted success for Mika , while "  Turn Your Car Around , " a song penned by Ben Novak , a singer-songwriter from New Zealand , was rated as a potential hit by HSS , who recommended it to Sony Music in the UK . It eventually ended up as a vehicle for ex-Blue band member Lee Ryan and scored a respectable UK chart position of 16 in 2005 . Record producer Carlos Quintero , director of Orixe and Jamm Records in Spain , believes that the software has a high accuracy rate . "  I was very skeptical when I was told about it for the first time , " he says . "  I thought it was science fiction . "  But when we choose a tune for an artist and we like it and feel it will be a hit , the surprise is that 85 percent of the time the tracks we have chosen get a positive analysis from the software . " The emergence of hit prediction programs such as this -- New York-based Platinum Blue Music Intelligence provides a similar service -- raises concerns that the creative element of writing music would be eroded by breaking it down into mathematical algorithms . But Quintero claims the program in no way writes a song , it simply tells you whether it has the potential to be a hit . He says he mainly uses the software to tweak and refine songs so that he can maximize his chances of scoring a high chart position . "  There was a particular case where we had to revise the song as at first it was n't completely right . Using the software , we managed to make it work , " he explains . "  The problem with the software is that it can only indicate whether a song is suitable or not . It 's up to the producer , the technical team and the artist to make it suitable in the first place . " Quintero has since become a member of Music Intelligence Solutions ' advisory board , so he is bound to have a positive take on the service . Jimena Llosa , General Manager EMEA of Music Intelligence Solutions , claims the company has thirty to forty clients in the record industry in Europe and the U.S. , but she says she can not reveal who they are , citing privacy issues . CNN attempted to contact several record companies in London , but A&R departments claimed they had not heard of the service , suggesting either a certain coyness to admit using it or that it is not as widely used as Music Intelligence claims . The software can also be used as a way of recommending new music to audiences . In Spain , cellular phone company Orange is using the technology in its New Talents enterprise . Listeners can enter in their favorite songs and the program will suggest songs they might enjoy according to its cluster system . Óscar Sainz is one musician who has profited from this new way of connecting musicians with an audience . A national tennis monitor by profession , he struggled to make an impact in the music industry despite the best efforts of Pablo Pinilla , one of Spain 's most successful music producers . But since the Orange initiative his career has taken off and he is now selling well through Orange and touring the country . "  A machine or at least mathematical or scientific formulas that could analyze the parameters that a song needs to be a hit ? The truth is I doubted it at first , " he says . "  My first instinct was it must be a con . "  Do n't ask me what parameters they use , or formulas , or machines they use , because I do n't know . But it works . " But the software has its skeptics . Jim Elliot , writer and producer of Kylie Minogue 's new single "  2 Hearts " is unconvinced about the accuracy of the program . He entered tracks from her new Album "  X " and they were , unsurprisingly , rated as potential hits . But he also entered a little-known , unreleased , song by 70s band Gong that included cows mooing , and it was also rated as a potential chart-topper . He thinks that the program negates the unpredictability of human behavior . "  The fact is that it 's the human errors introduced in the music-making process that are always the most interesting , " he says . "  Who would have thought Lily Allen would do so well ? I doubt anyone would have predicted that . "  It 's so hard to categorize music . There 's a real danger of doing that . If you are writing and producing music you can try to fit it to certain formulas but it 's so abstract that it has to be free -- and then something good will happen . " With just one fifth of their musicians making a profit for today 's record companies , executives are always searching for new ways to narrow the risk margin . Hit Song Science may become a useful string in their bow in the elusive art of predicting a hit . Otherwise they will have to keep relying on tried and tested -- and more human -- methods , such as gut instinct . E-mail to a friend	Barcelona company claims its software can tell if a song will be a pop hit Hit Song Science analyzes song 's melody , harmony , tempo , beat Software can not write hits , just predict whether they will find success Company says A&R departments are using it to tweak tracks for the top
CNN  -- Customers of Dish Network 's satellite television service were unable to access many channels on Tuesday . The nationwide outage was caused by a "  satellite anomaly , " a Dish spokesman told CNN . Affected service was limited in many cases to high-definition service , he said . Technicians worked overnight to resolve the problem and expect service to be restored by tomorrow morning , the spokesman said . Another spokesman said Wednesday that the issues had been resolved on schedule and that the outage was n't major . Tom Tait , a Dish customer who lives in Santa Clarita , California , said he had trouble getting through to telephone support lines and accessing the company 's website . Dish was actively responding to customers from its Twitter account . The company has about 14 million subscribers to its satellite TV network . Dish is currently expanding the scope of its business , having recently acquired Blockbuster in a bankruptcy auction for $ 320 million and is moving into mobile data services .	Many of Dish Network 's HD TV channels were unavailable Tuesday A Dish spokesman said technicians are working overnight to restore service Dish has about 14 million subscribers
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The Moammar Gadhafi loyalists who had been holding journalists in Tripoli 's Rixos Hotel for five days "  essentially just capitulated " upon realizing that most of the rest of the city had fallen to rebels , CNN 's Matthew Chance said after his release Wednesday . Their release ended what some were beginning to fear was a hostage situation for the three dozen journalists who had been kept inside the blacked-out hotel as fighters loyal to the National Transitional Council fought their way into the Libyan capital . Chance , a senior international correspondent for CNN , said "  the reality slowly dawned " on their guards that Gadhafi 's government was collapsing . "  They really believed that Gadhafi was coming back , that he was beating the rebels , " Chance said after his release . "  That 's what the government line has been on this all along . " But as the rebels advanced through the city and overran Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound on Tuesday , "  It became more and more obvious that there was nothing really outside of the hotel that was in Gadhafi 's control . " Wednesday , the guards handed over their weapons and told the journalists , "  We 're going to let you go , " Chance said . The release was coordinated through the International Committee of the Red Cross , which , along with the BBC , provided cars to drive them out . CNN producer Jomana Karadsheh said the men who held them "  really did not know what the scenes on the streets of Tripoli were like . " Shortly before the guards gave up , she said , one guard asked a companion , "  You were out there -- tell me , what 's really going on ? Is it what they are telling us ? " Chance called the experience a "  nightmare , " saying the journalists wept with relief after their release . The "  die-hard Gadhafi loyalists " who held them thought they were NATO spies , he said . On Tuesday , one shouted "  I suppose you 're happy now that they 're killing Libyans , " he said . The reporters had been bandying about "  all kinds of paranoid scenarios " about what would be done to them , like being used as human shields or executed "  by some lunatic hard-liner , " Chance said . But in the end , all were released unharmed . "  Everybody 's been hugging each other , " Chance said . "  People who have been living cheek-to-jowl for the past five days , sleeping in the corridors , wondering whether we were going to make it -- it 's all very emotional , " he said . iReport : Are you in Libya ? Share photos Chance had described on Twitter the process of going free , piling into a car with other journalists , and driving away from the hotel that had become a virtual prison . "  I can see the NTC rebels . We are nearly there ! " he wrote , followed a moment later by : "  Rixos crisis ends . All journalists are out ! "	NEW : Guards "  really believed Moammar Gadhafi was coming back , " Chance says The Rixos Hotel was one of the last pockets of Gadhafi control in Tripoli The experience was a "  nightmare " for about 35 journalists trapped there The International Committee of the Red Cross sent cars to take the reporters out
CNN  -- Crafting has come a long way since your grandmother 's orange crocheted afghan throw . Today , handmade is big business . Perhaps this is nowhere more evident that on Etsy.com , a U.S.-based website that describes itself as an "  online crafts fair , " where you can buy and sell just about anything you can dream of that 's handmade . Etsy made its sellers a combined $ 314.3 million last year in gross merchandise sales and more than $ 146 million so far this year . The site has grown from about 200,000 active sellers in 2008 to 800,000 sellers , today , in 150 countries around the world . "  There is an added value for the buyer that comes from having a real interaction with the real human being that created each object , " Etsy spokesman Adam Brown said . "  You wo n't find this at a shopping mall . " Etsy makes money by charging sellers a listing fee of 20 cents for each item and receiving a 3.5 % commission on the price of each sale . It is free to become a member and sell items on Etsy . It 's even spawned its own spoof blog , regretsy.com , that is described as "  the fail blog of handcrafts . " And more than a few folks have chucked their day jobs and started crafting full time . Husband-and-wife team Stephen and Betsy Carr of Asheville , North Carolina , have done just that to sell their handmade jewelry on Etsy and say they 've made the right choice . "  We 're creative people , and it feels incredibly satisfying to have made this creative life for ourselves , " Betsy said . In the United States alone , crafting is a $ 29.2 billion-a-year industry with its own trends and niches , according to craftster.org . Conan O'Brien , the Smurfs , homemade cases for high-tech gadgets and one-of-a-kind clothes are among the hottest items right now in this creative universe . And if you 're searching for something different or that 's not mainstream , you probably wo n't have problems finding that , either . Conan as muse Conan O'Brien is more than a late-night talk show host , he 's a crafting muse . Fans of the comedian have been inspired to create illustrations , paintings , mixed media , digital art and edibles that look like the late-night star , and this work is sometimes showcased on his TBS television show and on his website . "  While we had never actively solicited artwork or crafts from fans , we were seeing so much incredible stuff posted across the Web , and were inspired to build ` Coco MoCA - The Museum Of Conan Art ' , an Internet gallery to celebrate these fantastic artists ' talent , " said John A. Wooden , general manager and executive producer of Team Coco Digital . The team has been very happy with the new museum of art and routinely display pieces of its work on Conan 's TV show , Wooden says . It may not be the Smithsonian or The Metropolitan Museum of Art , but this growing collection of art is creating a new avenue for artists to show off their work and building a lot of excitement in the arts community . No need to be a rock star or an "  A " list celebrity to appear on Conan 's show anymore . Fandom gets crafty Coming soon from a crafter near you : Harry Potter shoes , Smurf-themed clothing and so much more . Pop culture is always trendy in the arts and crafts world and constantly changes with the times . Throughout this year , indie crafters are expected to be influenced by film releases like "  The Smurfs , " and "  Red Riding Hood " and fan favorites "  Twilight " and "  Harry Potter , " according to data and trends collected from the 1.3 million visitors a month who go to the craftster.org website . Consumers who ca n't get enough of these pop culture icons have plenty of artistic options to choose from this year , both online and at art and craft shows . So if you 're in the mood to dress up like Red Riding Hood or decorate your home with candles that look like "  Twilight " characters , you wo n't be hard-pressed to find what you need . "  Fantasy of any sort is perfect for inspiration and getting creative juices flowing , " said Talia Roselli , a spokeswoman for craftster.org . "  When crafters ca n't find products in the marketplace that represent their love for their favorite characters and fantasy film narratives , they make them . " Art as iPhone accessories Say goodbye to a bland-looking iPod charger and hello to one that best fits your personality and style . Blending traditional crafts with modern technology is hot in 2011 . Artists will be inspired throughout the year , according to Roselli , to make cases for items like smartphones , iPads and Kindles , to name a few . "  We attribute this demand for unique tech accessories in large part to the highly personalized experience of using today 's mobile technology , " Roselli said . "  People want their devices to have a look and feel that reflects their personality . " So if an iPod charger that looks like your favorite novel is what you 've been craving , then you 're in luck . Rich and Brenna Neeley of Orange County , California , are among the artists on Etsy.com that cater to this niche of craft items . They sell iPhone and iPod chargers that look like new and vintage books . Brenna says her personal iPhone charger is a small book of poems that has sentimental value . "  Every time I plug in my device , it makes me smile , " she said . "  It 's more about how it makes me feel than what it does ; the charging function is just a necessity of life these days . " And if books are n't your passion , then no need to worry . There are many other craft items you can buy for your favorite gadget , and if you ca n't find what you are looking for , many artists advertise the option of customizing a design for you . Fashion throwbacks Retail and thrift stores are not the only game in town when it comes to clothing purchases . If you 're looking for a new way to dress to impress , then a one-of-a-kind creation may be for you . Pleating , smocking and detailed embellishments in a style that mixes the 1940s and 1970s will be trendy throughout 2011 for crafters . "  It 's a beautiful blend of old and new that we 're seeing , " Roselli said . Dressmaker Amanda Archer of Chicago sells her collection on Etsy and says she has always been drawn to vintage clothes and is pleased this style is popular . "  My designs always have a feel of retro and whimsy , but I also try to modernize my designs and think about what I would feel comfortable wearing without feeling like I 'm in a costume , " she said . Color choices reflect this mix of old and new , too , so if you 're a fan of bright colors , then this is the year for you . Roselli says what 's trending with indie clothes makers is an aged , natural color like a dusty brown or gray , complemented by a bold , rich color like honeysuckle , plum or yellow to brighten and modernize a garment or accessory .	Conan O'Brien , Etsy.com part of hottest trends in crafting right now In 2010 , the U.S. craft and hobby industry was at $ 29.2 billion 56 % of U.S. households craft at least once a year
CNN  -- Two former presidents reflected on their greatest regrets in office Monday , each looking back to issues that continue to plague the nation years later . Former presidents and political rivals Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush now share philanthropic efforts . Former Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton appeared together at a question-and-answer forum before the National Automobile Dealers Association in New Orleans , Louisiana . Asked his biggest regret after leaving office , Bush said he now wonders whether he should have tried to get Saddam Hussein to leave office at the end of the first Gulf War in 1991 . He told the gathering , "  I 've thought a lot about it , but at the end of Desert Storm , the question was should we have kind of kept going on that road to death and all this slaughter until Saddam Hussein showed up and laid his sword on the table , surrendered . And the common wisdom was he would n't do that . " But he said a conversation with an FBI agent who interrogated Saddam after he was captured has made him reconsider . Bush recalled their talk , "  I said , ` What if we just say he has to come to surrender , would he have done it ? ' And this guy said , ` I 'm absolutely convinced he would have . ' My experts tell me he would n't have . " Bush said , "  We ended it the way we said we would " as a military success , but noted a cleaner ending "  would have been perfect . " He added , "  If we had tried to get Saddam Hussein to come and literally surrender and put his sword on the table , I think it might have been avoided some of the problems that we did have in the future from him . " On a day that President Barack Obama dispatched George Mitchell to the Middle East as the latest U.S. envoy , Clinton discussed the failure to achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians . "  My No. 1 regret is that I was not able to persuade Yasser Arafat to accept the peace plan I offered at the end of my presidency that the Israelis accepted . "  If he had done that ... we had had seven years of progress toward peace . We had one year in 1998 , the only year in the history of Israel where not a single soul was killed in a terrorist act . The Palestinians had more control over West Bank then than they do today , " Clinton said . "  And if he had taken that deal , we would have a Palestinian state and we would have had , I think now , normal peaceful relations with Israel and all of its Arab neighbors . " Clinton said a deal would have helped the U.S. handle other issues in the region , saying , "  We 'd be much better positioned to deal with the problem of Iran , and we would have taken away about half the arguments of terrorists around the world by giving the Palestinians their state and creating a cooperative , positive interdependence in the Middle East , not a negative one . And so , I think that would have done more good to save more lives and help more people , and I wish I had been able to do that . " Clinton also said he regretted not doing more to "  stop the Rwandan genocide , " and succeeding on a new health care plan . He said "  presidents should share freely ... the mistakes they made " with historians , because it teaches lessons . He said he shared problems during the lunch with Obama and the four living presidents , saying , "  You want each new president to make new mistakes , not the same ones . " Clinton added , "  all of us know if you make enough decisions , you 're going to make a few of them are n't right . "	Middle East leaves George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton with some regrets Bush wonders whether he should have pressed harder for Saddam 's surrender Clinton looks back at Palestinian-Israeli peace process with some remorse Presidents should share their mistakes as a learning tool , Clinton says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate Wednesday passed legislation meant to update the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  . Mobile phones are one of the technologies that did not exist when the original FISA law was written . The vote was 69-28 . Below , CNN 's National Security Producer Pam Benson explains what is in the bill , why the bill is controversial , how the bill may affect Americans ' civil liberties and why privacy advocates object to it . Question : What is the purpose of FISA and why is it being changed ? Benson : FISA governs the way the United States gathers foreign intelligence through the interception of electronic communications . The law was enacted in 1978 , partially in response to the intelligence community and other U.S. agencies spying on Vietnam anti-war protesters and other Americans . The FISA law requires court orders when the target of any eavesdropping is an American citizen or individual living in the U.S. Warrants are not necessary if the target is overseas . Watch Bush call the bill ` long overdue ' " The law is considered outdated . New technologies such as e-mail , the Internet , cell phones and fiber optics have dramatically changed communications . The new technologies have raised legal issues that the original law did not address . For instance , the U.S. intelligence community can target phone calls of an Iraqi citizen overseas , but that person 's call to someone in Pakistan might be routed through a telecommunications switch in the United States . Under the current law , a FISA warrant would be required since the communication is passing through the U.S. -LSB- Some say -RSB- the current law unnecessarily slows down U.S. intelligence officials as they track foreigners . The controversy over President Bush 's warrantless domestic eavesdropping program also prompted calls for change in the FISA law . The so-called Terrorist Surveillance Program was ordered by the president after the 9/11 attacks . It allowed for spying on the communications between U.S. residents and people overseas if it was believed one of the parties was linked to terrorism . Telephone carriers now face lawsuits for assisting the government in eavesdropping on suspected terrorists after 9/11 . The plaintiffs claim their privacy rights were violated when the companies provided communication records to the National Security Agency without a court warrant . Question : What are the key provisions in the FISA bill ? Benson : The bill explicitly establishes FISA as the exclusive means for authorizing electronic surveillance ; requires a court order for the surveillance of any targeted American , whether the person is in the United States or abroad ; -LSB- and -RSB- requires a secret court set up to oversee FISA issues to sign off on provisions for removing the name of any American inadvertently captured in a communication with a foreign target . -LSB- It -RSB- prohibits reverse targeting , which is when intelligence officials eavesdrop on a foreigner 's communications overseas as a means to spy on someone in the United States , and sets up a procedure for federal judges to determine whether a telecommunications company can be sued for providing the intelligence community access to its networks without a court order . Question : Under the proposed FISA bill , can Americans be spied on without a court warrant ? Are their civil liberties protected ? Benson : Under the new revised law , a warrant is required to spy on an American , including , for the first time , Americans who are abroad . If the intelligence community should unintentionally intercept a phone call or an e-mail involving an American , the agency involved must get a warrant if the person is of interest or take steps to erase that person 's name from any report . The court will annually review procedures for protecting communications , but it will not oversee individual cases . Opponents claim this represents minimal court oversight and enables the government to spy on innocent Americans ' phone calls and e-mails . The bill states that domestic electronic surveillance is authorized exclusively by the provisions of FISA . This is an effort to prevent the president from secretly authorizing warrantless eavesdropping , which some lawmakers and civil rights groups claim violates the public 's Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches . However , the bill does not address President George Bush 's claim that he has Article 2 constitutional authority as the commander-in-chief to order such activity during times of war . Question : Will telecommunications firms be prosecuted for helping the intelligence community conduct no-warrant surveillance of Americans ? Benson : Although the Bush administration had wanted the telephone providers who cooperated with the surveillance program to receive outright retroactive immunity , this bill sets up a process for judicial review . A U.S. District Court judge hearing a pending case will determine whether the telecommunications provider received from the government letters which indicated the president had authorized the warrantless surveillance and that the program was considered lawful . If so , the lawsuit will be thrown out . Opponents argue this is a sham and say that the telecommunications are essentially being granted retroactive immunity because Mike McConnell , the director of national intelligence  DNI  , testified at a congressional hearing that all of the telephone carriers did receive government certifications . Some Republican supporters have called this process a "  formality " and even Democratic proponents indicate it is likely that most , if not all , of the cases against the telephone companies will be dismissed . Question : Will there be periodic reviews of the law ? Benson : The new law expires in 2012 , enabling the next administration to review the program . In the meantime , the attorney general , the DNI and the inspectors general of the major intelligence agencies must provide periodic reviews of the surveillance program . The bill also requires the inspectors general of the agencies involved in the president 's warrantless surveillance program to conduct a comprehensive review and issue an unclassified report to Congress within one year .	NEW : Senate votes 69-28 to update of to intelligence law Wednesday NEW : Sen. Obama votes for bill ; Sen. McCain not in Senate for vote Technological changes require update of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Opponents object to the bill 's de facto immunity for telecom companies
Algiers , Algeria  CNN  -- Tensions erupted in another restive North African nation as security forces in Algeria on Saturday clashed with anti-government protesters who chanted , "  Change the power . " Police detained about 100 protesters in the nation 's capital of Algiers , according to the Algerian League for Human Rights . The league is one of the main opposition groups that organized the rallies -- unauthorized gatherings that came a day after embattled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down . "  We are here once again to tell this government that we want an Algeria  that is  democratic , " one protester told Reuters television . "  That 's why we are here today and we will always be , as this power is still here , we will be always here too . " More than 3,000 demonstrators , including activists , students , doctors , and parliament members , joined the rally but were blocked by more than 30,000 police officers , said league president Mustafa Boushashi . "  The police attacked the demonstrators , " Boushashi told CNN . "  Many activists were beaten and over a hundred were taken into custody , including the parliament members from the Rally for Culture and Democracy Party . " Khalil AbdulMouminm , the league 's general secretary , called the situation "  very tense on the ground " and said police were preventing protesters from assembling , with authorities blocking all entrances to the capital . "  We want this rally to break the wall of fear in the first place , " AbdulMouminm said . "  And to trigger change in order to reach our legitimate demands , like lifting the emergency law after all these years , liberating media , freedom of political expression . " Mubarak 's ouster -- fueled by 18 days of angry protests -- was preceded by last month 's overthrowing of Tunisian leader Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , helping stoke demands for reform in the Arab world . In the past few weeks , demonstrators in the region have protested against various issues , including unemployment , high food costs and corruption . The problems are similar to those that fueled uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia . "  Population growth and associated problems -- unemployment and underemployment , inability of social services to keep pace with rapid urban migration , inadequate industrial management and productivity , a decaying infrastructure -- continue to affect Algerian society , " the U.S. State Department says in a background note about Algeria . Earlier this month , Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika said he will end a state of emergency that has lasted nearly two decades , according to a report from the Algerian Press Service . Experts have said the announcement is a clear attempt by the Algerian leader to head off the kind of social unrest that toppled Ben Ali and Mubarak . The state of emergency was imposed in 1992 to quell a civil war that eroded the country 's resources and led to what the U.S. State Department says were the deaths of more than 150,000 people . "  The Algerian Civil War lasted well over a decade and pitted a corrupt military junta , which had ruled behind the facade of an elected government , against Islamists who effectively won a popular election in the early 1990s , and were then deprived of power , " a paper by the Centers for Strategic and International Studies said in December . "  When civil war broke out , violent extremist elements among these Islamists quickly came to dominate the fighting , while the military increasingly relied on equally violent repression . " However , opponents of the regime say the Islamist threat has long since diminished and that the law now exists only to muzzle critics of the government . Journalist Nassima Oulebsir contributed to this report .	Anti-riot police gathered at the scene , blocked entrances to the city The protests pushed for reforms in the north African nation Demonstrators in the region have protested unemployment , corruption and high food costs
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A gay man expelled from the Boy Scouts in 2003 said Monday he misses being a scout but has no regrets . "  There is no bitterness in my heart against these people , " Greg Lattera said in an interview following his court appearance . "  They are still an organization that gave me the core values as to who I am . " Lattera testified Monday at the federal court case filed by the Boy Scouts of America attempting to keep the $ 1-a-year lease for their downtown Philadelphia offices . The local chapter , Cradle of Liberty Council , was told by the city to pay $ 200,000 a year to lease the building or vacate the headquarters that have been located on city land since 1928 . The national scout policy that prohibits the hiring of gay men puts the local chapter in violation of the city charter and an ordinance outlawing discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and other grounds . The lawsuit contends the city 's ultimatum violates their First Amendment rights and that the city 's position is unconstitutional and violates the organization 's right to free speech and equal protection . Lattera was 18 when he attended a local meeting about gays and the scouting policy . The meeting was open to the press , he said . "  Here I ¹ m thinking this is a meeting about the policy and how I feel about it , " he said . "  I 'm in my uniform and next thing I knew was that I was on TV . " Two weeks later , on June 6 , 2003 , he received a letter ordering him to sever all ties with the scouts because they "  received information " that led to his dismissal . "  I broke down and cried , " said Lattera , now 25 , adding the scouts opened his eyes to the world around him and taught him life skills . "  It was like a part of me was taken away . " In court , Lattera answered questions about the 2003 meeting and the letter . At the time of his dismissal , Lattera was a camp counselor and held the rank of Life Scout , which is one step below the organization ¹ s highest rank of Eagle Scout . He joined the scouts at age 10 . Lattera , who declined to name his scout troop or reveal where he resides , said scouting is about more than a building . "  No matter what they say or do , it ¹ s not my choice , " he said . " ³ Scouting isn ¹ t the building . The troops will still be there in the morning . People make the scouts . " Closing arguments are expected Tuesday .	Local scout chapter fighting city ordinance against discrimination Scouts policy against gay men led to loss of chapter 's $ 1-per-year office lease Greg Lattera dismissed from scouts after appearing on TV following meeting on policy Lattera says scouts "  gave me the core values as to who I am " despite dismissal
CNN  -- When I was young , I thought my country was the best on the planet . I grew up singing a song called "  Nothing to Envy . " I felt very proud . I thought my life in North Korea was normal , even though when I was 7 years old , I saw my first public execution . My family was not poor , and I had never experienced hunger . But after my mother read me a letter from a coworker 's sister who said that her family was dying of hunger , I realized that something was very wrong in my country . A huge famine hit North Korea in the mid to late 1990s , and I began to see suffering , hunger and death around me . Watch Hyeonseo Lee 's TED Talk I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can say that during the dark years of the famine when I was a young girl , I went alone to China to live with distant relatives . I thought I would be separated from my family for a short time . I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years for my family to live together again . TED.com : Escaping the Khmer Rouge Since North Korean refugees are considered illegal migrants in China , I lived in constant fear that my identity would be revealed and I would be repatriated to a horrible fate back in North Korea . One day , my worst nightmare came true when I was caught by the Chinese police and brought to the police station for interrogation . Someone had accused me of being North Korean , so they tested my Chinese language abilities and asked me tons of questions . I thought my life was over , but I managed to control all the emotions inside of me and answered their questions . They let me go . It was a miracle ! TED.com : The voices of China 's workers After 10 years of hiding my identity and living in fear in China , I decided to risk going to South Korea . Even though adjusting to life in South Korea was not easy , I made a plan and started studying for the university entrance exam . Just as I was starting to get used to my new life , I received a shocking phone call -- the North Korean authorities intercepted some money that I sent my family through a broker , and as punishment , my family was going to be forcibly removed to a desolate location in the countryside . They had to get out of North Korea quickly . So I started planning how to help them escape . I took a flight back to China and headed toward the North Korean border . Since my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , through more than 2,000 miles in China and then into Southeast Asia . The journey by bus took one week , and we were almost caught several times . North Korea 's propaganda machine grips defector 11 years on One time , our bus was stopped and boarded by a Chinese police officer . He took everyone 's ID cards and started asking questions . Since my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought we were going to be arrested . As the police officer approached my family , I quickly stood up and told him that these were deaf and dumb people that I was chaperoning . He looked at me suspiciously , but luckily , he believed me . We made it all the way to the border of Laos , but I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe the border guards . Even after we got past the border , my family was arrested and jailed for illegal border crossing . TED.com : How to combat modern slavery After I paid the bribe and fine , my family was released after one month . Soon after , they were arrested and jailed again in the capital of Laos . This was one of the lowest points in my life -- my mind and body felt completely drained , and I felt like a failure . I did everything to help my family get to freedom -- and we came so close . And now my family was thrown in jail just a short distance from the South Korean embassy . I went back and forth between the police station and immigration office , desperately trying to get my family out ... but I did n't have enough money to pay the bribes . I lost all hope . At that moment , I heard a man 's voice asking me : "  What 's wrong ? " I was so surprised that a total stranger cared enough to ask . He would only give me his first name . With my broken English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without hesitating , the man went to the ATM and paid the rest of the money for my family and two other North Koreans to get out of jail . I thanked him with all my heart , and then I asked him , "  Why are you helping me ? " ... "  I 'm not helping you , " he said . "  I 'm helping the North Korean people . " I realized that this was a symbolic moment in my life . The kind stranger symbolized new hope for me and other North Koreans when we needed it the most . He showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are truly the rays of hope that the North Korean people need . Eventually , after our long journey , my family and I were reunited in South Korea . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hyeonseo Lee .	Hyeonseo Lee : When I was young , I thought my country North Korea was the best Lee : As I saw suffering , hunger and death around me , I made my way to China She says she helped her family escape North Korea with the help of a stranger Lee : North Korean people need the support of the international community
CNN  -- Josef Fritzl , the Austrian accused of keeping his daughter in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children , will plead guilty to rape and incest when his trial opens Monday , Fritzl 's lawyer told CNN . Josef Fritzl is expected to plead guilty to rape and incest on Monday , his lawyer tells CNN . However , Fritzl will deny other charge he faces : murder , enslavement and assault , attorney Rudolph Mayer said Sunday . The 73-year-old expects to spend the rest of his life in prison , Mayer added . Fritzl faces six charges in a closed-door trial . The trial is scheduled to last five days , but Mayer said it could be shorter . Fritzl was charged in November with incest and the repeated rape of his daughter , Elisabeth , over a 24-year period . But he was also charged with the murder of one of the children he fathered with her , an infant who died soon after birth . State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said Michael Fritzl died from lack of medical care . In all , Fritzl is charged with : murder , involvement in slave trade  slavery  , rape , incest , assault and deprivation of liberty , Sedlacek 's office said . If convicted , he could face life in prison . Austria does not have the death penalty . "  This man obviously led a double life for 24 years . He had a wife and had seven kids with her . And then he had another family with his daughter , fathered another seven children with her , " said Franz Polzer , a police officer in Amstetten , the town where Fritzl lived , at the time of his arrest . The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth 's daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill with convulsions . Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow Kerstin , then 19 , to be taken to a hospital for treatment . Hospital staff became suspicious of the case and alerted police , who discovered the family members in the cellar . Fritzl confessed to police that he raped his daughter , kept her and their children in captivity and burned the body of the dead infant in an oven in the house . Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins who died a few days after birth . When Elisabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 , she told police , her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room . Fritzl explained Elisabeth 's disappearance in 1984 by saying the girl , who was then 18 , had run away from home . He backed up the story with letters he forced Elisabeth to write . Elisabeth Fritzl and all but three of her children lived in the specially designed cellar beneath her father 's home in Amstetten , Austria , west of Vienna . The other three children lived upstairs with Fritzl and his wife ; Fritzl had left them on his own doorstep , pretending the missing Elisabeth had dropped them off . Under Austrian law , if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses , he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime . The charges he faces are : • Murder : The infant who died in 1996 died from a lack of medical care , the state prosecutor said . The charge carries a sentence of life in prison . • Involvement in slave trade : From 1984 until 2008 , prosecutors allege , Fritzl held his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in a dungeon , abused her sexually and treated her as if she were his personal property -- in a situation similar to slavery . If he is convicted , the sentence could range from 10 to 20 years in prison . • Rape : Between August 30 , 1984 , and June 30 , 1989 , Fritzl "  regularly sexually abused Elisabeth , " according to the prosecutor . The sentence could be from five to 15 years in prison . • Incest : Parallel to the rape charge . It carries a sentence of up to one year . • Withdrawal of liberty : Three of the children Fritzl had with Elisabeth were illegally held captive in a dungeon with no daylight or fresh air , according to prosecutors . That charge carries a sentence of one to 10 years . • Assault : Between August 28 , 1984 , and April 26 , 2006 , Fritzl repeatedly threatened Elisabeth and their three children with gas and booby traps as warnings in case they tried to escape , authorities allege . The sentence would range from six months to five years . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Man accused of keeping daughter in a cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children Josef Fritzl , whose trial starts Monday , will plead guilty , his lawyer tells CNN Prosecutors : Fritzl raped his daughter over 24 years , said she had run away Fritzl also accused of killing one of the children he fathered with daughter
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- The 21-year-old Peruvian woman Joran van der Sloot is accused of killing had a cranial fracture and other significant injuries to her face and neck and showed signs of asphyxiation , a court document obtained by CNN shows . Forensic luminol tests in the hotel room where her body was found showed blood on the floors , hallway and mattress , the document said . The body of Stephany Flores was in such a decomposed state that an autopsy was difficult to perform , the document said . The autopsy revealed Flores had used amphetamines , it said . Peruvian authorities have charged van der Sloot with murder . He also is the lead suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in Aruba but was never charged because of lack of evidence . Peruvian police said Monday they conducted a psychological evaluation of van der Sloot . The evaluation showed van der Sloot has a low tolerance for frustration and "  does n't value the female role , " according to excerpts from the report , which prosecutors gave to a judge . According to the document , van der Sloot "  does not tolerate when someone tries to contradict him . It generates in him a challenging attitude . " The report calls him "  emotionally immature , " which elicits strong changes in behavior that can send him out of control . "  He reflects a certain dominance over the opposite sex . He does n't value the female role , " the document states . It adds , "  He presents traits of an anti-social personality " and is "  indifferent towards others ' well-being . " Despite this , the report says , "  he does n't show any psychopathological trauma that impedes him from perceiving and evaluating reality . " Also Monday , Van der Sloot told the judge his rights and due process were violated after his arrest , his attorney told CNN . The judge will decide on the legality of van der Sloot 's incarceration by Wednesday , lawyer Maximo Altez said . If the ruling is unfavorable to van der Sloot , Altez said , he is prepared to appeal to the highest court . While in front of the judge , van der Sloot declined to give a formal statement on the facts of the case , according to the court . The reason he gave was he hopes the statements he allegedly gave to police that led to his imprisonment will be nullified . Van der Sloot 's decision will not hold up the legal proceedings against him , the court said . A Dutch newspaper article published Monday quotes van der Sloot as saying he was "  tricked " into confessing to the murder of Flores . Peruvian police told him that if he signed the papers they gave him , he would be transferred to the Netherlands , he told De Telegraaf in a jail interview . "  In my blind panic I signed everything , but never knew what was written on them , " he said . Altez -- who had said last week he was quitting as van der Sloot 's attorney , but has not -- has maintained that the judge in the case should strike down van der Sloot 's confession because he was not properly represented when he was interrogated . But Peruvian police have defended the interrogation , saying that van der Sloot 's confession was acquired legally . According to transcripts of his confession , van der Sloot said he elbowed Flores in the face before strangling her and then suffocating her with his shirt . The transcripts were provided to CNN by a police source who has not been named because he was not authorized to pass along the material . "  There was blood everywhere , " van der Sloot said in the transcripts . "  What am I going to do now . I had blood on my shirt . There was also blood on the bed , so , I took my shirt and put it on her face , pressing hard , until I killed Stephany . " Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . It was five years to the day from Holloway 's disappearance . After killing Flores , police say , van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested on June 3 . He was returned the next day to Peru . Van der Sloot told police in Chile a different story of how Flores died when he was arrested there , according to transcripts . He blamed the death on robbers who had waited for him at his hotel in Peru . But Peru authorities said they had overwhelming evidence pointing to van der Sloot , and when he was transferred to Peru , van der Sloot confessed to the crime , police said . Van der Sloot is being held in a high-security area of the Miguel Castro Castro prison where only two of 10 cells are occupied , and he has no contact with inmates in the general prison population . He is under guard 24 hours a day , authorities have said .	Stephany Flores had cranial fracture , autopsy report says Blood found in Joran van der Sloot 's hotel room Autopsy was difficult because Flores ' body was badly decomposed Test reveals Flores had used amphetamines
CNN  -- Two men were killed Friday in attacks on polio teams and their police escorts in Pakistan , authorities said . A policeman was killed and another injured when unidentified gunmen fired on a polio security team in Swabi , in northwest Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , District Police Officer Sajaad Khan told CNN . The officers were there to protect polio workers , who have come under increasing attack in the past year . The second victim , a polio worker , was shot dead by unknown men in Jamrud , in Pakistan 's tribal Khyber Agency , a political administration official who asked not to be named told CNN . Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan , who heads the Tehreek-e-Insaf  PTI  party , condemned the targeting of polio workers in a statement released by his party . Khan called on Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 's chief minister and the federal government to take "  strong action " to arrest those responsible and to provide security for polio workers . The PTI party holds the majority of seats in the coalition running Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 's provincial government . Militants have targeted anti-polio campaigns in Pakistan since U.S. intelligence officials used a fake vaccination program to help in their hunt for Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Under cover of the program , the CIA sought to collect DNA samples from relatives of the al Qaeda leader to verify his presence in a compound in Abbottabad . More than 20 polio workers have been killed since July 2012 . Some mullahs have also preached against the polio campaign , claiming falsely that the oral vaccine leaves Pakistani children sterile . Last year , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continued its campaign of drone strikes . Pakistan stepped up its eradication efforts after cases spiked in 2011 , but cases continue to be diagnosed . At least 16 cases of polio have been reported this year in Khyber Agency . Polio , which can cause permanent paralysis in hours , remains endemic only in Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . CNN 's Saima Mohsin and journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi contributed to this report .	A policeman who was providing security to a polio team is killed , police say Unknown gunmen also kill a polio worker in Khyber Agency , a local official says Polio workers have come under increasing attack in Pakistan in the past year
URUMQI , China  CNN  -- Several hundred people staged a new protest in Urumqi on Tuesday , demanding the release of relatives detained in connection with weekend demonstrations by ethnic Uyghur residents in China 's far western Xinjiang region . Ethnic Uyghur women grab the arm of a policeman as they protest in Urumqi on July 7 . The crowd of 200 to 300 -- mostly women and elderly -- quickly formed as local authorities were taking members of the media on a tour of a neighborhood that was heavily damaged during riots over the weekend , witnesses said . Riot police quickly moved in to defuse the standoff as the demonstrators shouted the names of family members they wanted released . The protest is the latest sign that tensions are still simmering in the Xinjiang capital , where violent demonstrations have left 156 people dead and more than 1,000 injured , according to the regional public security department . In southern China , police have detained 15 suspects in connection with an incident that may have spurred the deadly rioting in Urumqi , state-run media reported . There is speculation that Sunday 's protest , which took place in the predominantly Uyghur-populated Bazaar district , may have been a reaction to ethnic violence in southern China . The violence took place late last month at a toy factory in Guangdong province , where many migrants , including Uyghurs , have moved in search of work . A massive brawl reportedly broke out between workers of Uyghur and Han nationalities . Two Uyghurs reportedly died . The unrest in Urumqi had been brought under control with a massive presence of soldiers and anti-riot squads , the government said Tuesday . Curfews were in force in major districts of the capital . At least 1,434 suspects had been detained by Tuesday morning , the Xinhua news agency reported , citing government officials . "  The police have started interrogations with the suspects , " said Li Yi , a spokesman for the Communist Party in Xinjiang . Those convicted would be dealt with severely , he said . Watch more on violence in Xinjiang " In a rare public display of dissatisfaction , thousands of Uyghurs -- many of whom feel they are treated as second-class citizens by the majority Han Chinese -- took to the streets Sunday chanting and screaming , prompting a police lockdown of the city . State-run media reported that protesters attacked passersby , burned public buses and blocked traffic . The report did not say how many people took part or what their grievances were . But a witness in Urumqi told CNN that , soon after the protest started about 5 p.m. , hundreds of demonstrators "  grew into easily over 1,000 -- men , women and children , all ethnic Uyghurs -- screaming and chanting . " Police arrived quickly and tried to control the swelling crowd by erecting barriers in the street , but "  people pushed them over , " the witness said . "  They were throwing rocks at passing cars and buses . " As the violence escalated , hundreds of riot police arrived , the witness said . "  They used tear gas and fire hoses to disperse the crowd . I saw fire trucks , ambulances , armed personnel carriers and what looked like tanks . I heard random gunshots . " iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video , commentary Late Sunday , the witness said , Urumqi was in a lockdown , with hundreds of People 's Liberation Army soldiers in the streets . He reported seeing riot police chasing protesters into alleys and rounding up many of them . Xinjiang is home to many Uyghurs . China 's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights and limited autonomy . However , ethnic tensions run deep . Minority groups such as the Uyghurs complain that they are subjected to discrimination by the majority Han . See a map of Xinjiang " Tensions also ran high in Han communities in the capital on Tuesday as neighbors organized to protect themselves and their businesses . Groups of men carrying pipes , sticks and cleavers milled in front of shops before police dispersed them . "  The Uyghurs will attack any Han they see , " one man said . The World Uyghur Congress , a dissident Uyghur group based in Munich , Germany , condemned the crackdown on what it described in a written statement as Sunday 's "  peaceful protest " by Uyghurs . "  The Chinese authorities should acknowledge that the peaceful protest was sparked by the unlawful mob beating and killing of Uyghur workers at a Guangdong toy factory more than a week ago , " it said . "  The authorities should also acknowledge that their failure to take any meaningful action to punish the Chinese mob for the brutal murder of Uyghurs is the real cause of this protest . " It accused the Chinese authorities of having "  used tear gas , automatic rifles and armored vehicles to disperse the Uyghur protesters . During the crackdown , some were shot to death , and some were beaten to death by Chinese police . Some demonstrators were even crushed by armored vehicles near Xinjiang University , according to eyewitnesses . " Watch victims describe the riots in Urumqi " The government in Xinjiang blamed "  foreign forces " for Sunday 's rioting . "  The violence is premeditated , organized violent crime , " said Nur Bekri , chairman of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region , the equivalent of a governor . "  It was instigated and directed from abroad and carried out by outlaws in the country . " Bekri accused the World Uyghur Congress of spreading rumors and inciting anger that led to the rioting , in a speech carried by Xinjiang television . The World Uyghur Congress denied the charge . It is led by Rebuya Kadeer , a businesswoman of Uyghur ethnicity who was detained in 1999 and accused of harming China 's national security . She was freed on bail in 2005 and was allowed to leave for the United States for medical care . Bekri accused Kadeer of instigating the unrest via the Internet and said the fight at the Guangdong toy factory was exploited to incite ethnic strife . Internet service was hard to come by in Urumqi on Tuesday . Reporters ' BlackBerries could not send and receive messages . Computers could not access the Web at their hotels .	Hundreds protest mass arrests following ethnic unrest in China 's Xinjiang region Protesters -- mostly women and elderly -- shouted names of relatives being held At least 1,434 held by Chinese police following weekend Uyghur protests 156 people killed and more than 800 others injured in violence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan called 911 to ask for police help during an "  incident " at the Betty Ford Center , her lawyer said Wednesday . The statement from Shawn Chapman Holley came after the rehab center fired an employee who reportedly leaked details of a tussle with Lohan . Holley declined to comment on what happened in the incident , but added that "  it should be noted " that it was Lohan who called the police . Authorities in the Southern California city of Palm Desert confirmed Tuesday that they are investigating a claim that Lohan assaulted an employee at the center . Meanwhile , the employee , Dawn Holland , has hired a lawyer with an eye to filing employment and civil rights claims against the center . Holland was "  targeted , unmercifully interrogated , intimidated and threatened with her livelihood " by the treatment center , lawyer Keith Davidson said . The accusations have thrust the actress back into the spotlight . "  The incident involved Lindsay Lohan and another female adult -- a staff member at the location and was reported as a suspect in the investigation , " the Palm Desert Police Department said . "  The victim desires prosecution and the incident is being investigated as a misdemeanor committed not in the presence of a police officer . " The employee was fired after information was leaked to the media , the center said Tuesday . "  When patients come to the center for treatment , they come to a safe place where their identity is protected , where anonymity is safeguarded , " the center said in a statement . "  Regrettably , on December 21 , 2010 , one of our employees violated strict confidentiality guidelines and laws by publicly identifying patients in a media interview and by disclosing a privileged document.That employee has been terminated by the Betty Ford Center . " The center did not confirm that Holland is the employee in question . Lohan checked into the Betty Ford Center on September 27 , after it became clear a judge intended to send her to jail because of a failed drug test . The judge eventually ordered Lohan to stay in the drug rehabilitation program until January 3 instead of going to jail . If Lohan violates the rules of her rehab program or fails a drug test before her next court date in February , she will be sent to jail for 180 days , a Los Angeles Superior Court has ordered . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : The actress called police for help , her lawyer says Lindsay Lohan checked herself into the Betty Ford Center in September If she fails a drug test , she will be ordered to go to jail Palm Desert police say they are investigating a claim that Lohan and an employee were in a scuffle
Marseille , France  CNN  Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed , a French national police official told CNN on Saturday . Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , said Capt. Yves Naffrechoux of the High Mountain Gendarmerie . The plane crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps about 6 miles  10 kilometers  from the town of Seyne-les-Alpes . "  All the police investigators have left the  Germanwings  crash site , " he said . "  There is only a private security company ensuring security around the crash site so that no one can go there . " The security firm will guard the site until the remaining debris is collected and taken to secure locations for further analysis , if necessary , he said . The flight data recorder , or "  black box , " was found Thursday by a member of the recovery team . The cockpit voice recorder was found days after the crash . In addition , out of more than 2,000 DNA samples collected from the crash site , lab workers have isolated 150 DNA profiles , said Brice Robin , Marseilles prosecutor . The crash killed all 150 people on board . Brice Robin , Marseilles prosecutor , said authorities have found 470 personnel effects at the site . That number includes 40 cell phones , though all those were badly damaged . Robin cast doubt that any useful information could be retrieved from those phones , given their condition . Authorities say the flight 's co-pilot , Andreas Lubitz , locked the captain out of the cockpit and engineered the plane 's demise . Initial tests on the flight data recorder show that Lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane 's descent , according to the French air accident investigation agency , the BEA . It also has emerged that Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525 and that he had concealed from his employer recent medical leave notes saying he was unfit for work . Calls for crash avoidance technology CNN 's Margot Haddad reported from Marseille , and Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	"  All the police investigators have left the  Germanwings  crash site , " a police official says Private security company is ensuring no one goes on the site , official says Authorities say co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 on board
Archie Andrews has lived , died and gone through a zombie apocalypse . And now , the comic book character is returning to TV . Archie Andrews ' prior big foray onto the small screen was "  The Archie Show , " which aired on Saturday mornings in the late 1960s . Fox is now bringing him back , as early as next fall , in a live-action show called "  Riverdale " that promises to be pretty different from the traditional Archie comics we 're used to reading . And we wo n't even go into the ill-fated 1990 NBC TV movie . CNN spoke to writer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa , who also does the creepy "  Afterlife With Archie " comic books , about "  Riverdale " after the series was announced Thursday . CNN : How long has this idea been floating around ? Aguirre-Sacasa : It 's something we 've been talking about for a while . When -LSB- publisher -RSB- Jon Goldwater and I first met , we talked about live action -- we actually were thinking about doing it as a movie . We even got so far as selling it to Warner Bros. , but we soon realized that there were many , many different stories we wanted to tell , and actually it was probably more suited to a TV show . It 's been in the works for a few years , but the stars are finally aligning . Warner Bros. . Television , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . CNN : Will the characters be recognizable as the Archie characters we know ? Aguirre-Sacasa : Archie 's still gon na have red hair , Betty is still gon na have blond hair and Veronica 's gon na have dark hair . We are definitely not casting them retro-style to look like the comic book characters . They will definitely be contemporary kids . The pilot is set on the first day of school , after Archie was working for his dad 's construction company . He 's gon na be all buff and muscular , and that 's why all the girls fall for Archie . We 're tweaking the mythology a bit to answer questions people have had for 75 years . Jughead is still gon na wear that paper crown , it 's so iconic . We are explaining for the first time in 75 years why he 's wearing the crown . All these Easter eggs will have an explanation finally . They 'll look like their iconic selves but with an edgier quality . Jughead will be more like Donnie Darko . CNN : We hear the tone will be quite different from what we know . Aguirre-Sacasa : A lot of the subtext is bubbling to the surface . One of the big stories we 're telling in the pilot is that Veronica Lodge and her mother , Hermione Lodge , are moving to Riverdale because they 're fleeing a financial scandal that her dad is involved in . It 's very real world . Kevin Keller is a big character in the comic books . In the comics , he 's completely accepted as being gay , and there 's no question about that . In the show , we 'll look at what that really means for kids in a small town coming out -- who accepts them and who does n't accept them . Reggie has always been a frat boy douchebag , and we 've never gotten to the core of why that is , and we 're going to explore that , it has to do with Reggie 's relationship with his parents . We 're getting to the realness and the complexity of the characters . We 're not going to arbitrarily make it dark , but we 'll get real with these characters and make it a little bit weird , like "  Twin Peaks " or "  Blue Velvet , " which is one of my favorite movies . CNN : But will it still be funny ? Aguirre-Sacasa : There will absolutely be humor in this . The voice will have a sardonic , ironic edge to it . The characters will be witty and funny , and every story will be a quintessential "  Archie " story with a twist to it . The humor will always be part of the bread and butter . CNN : And the show will expand beyond the core characters ? Aguirre-Sacasa : Archie Comics have thousands of characters in their library . One of the example is how "  Arrow " introduced the Flash and spun "  The Flash " off . We thought it would be great to have Josie and the Pussycats as a rival band , and they can spin off their own show .	Archie Comics characters will return to television in a live action series The show will have as much in common with "  Twin Peaks " as the comics The show is aiming for next fall on Fox
CNN  -- Spain are an unstoppable force in European football . Sevilla beat Benfica in a penalty shootout to win the Europa League Wednesday with La Liga rivals Real Madrid or Atletico Madrid guaranteed to claim the Champions League crown . As an hors d'oeuvre to the mouthwatering final on 24 May , the Europa League provided plenty of drama . Sevilla edged out their Portuguese rivals 4-2 on penalties after a tense 120 minutes of play at the Juventus Stadium in Turin . The Spanish side joined an elite group of teams to have lifted the European trophy three times following their UEFA Cup wins in 2006 and 2007 . Benfica have now lost eight European finals -- and the club 's peculiar curse continues . After winning the European Cup for a second time in 1962 , then manager Bela Guttman was denied a pay rise and promptly declared the club would not succeed on the continent for 100 years . The so-called hex struck again as Benfica tried to lay their ghosts to rest on Italian soil . Jorge Jesus ' side had not lost a match on their way to Wednesday 's Europa League final while Sevilla had scored 22 goals on their rockier road to the showdown . Despite this goal-scoring prowess , football 's first European silverware of the season was decided on penalties after a goalless 90 minutes . Sevilla 's lively forward Carlos Bacca and Jose Antonio Reyes had a thrilling series of chances repelled . At the opposite end , Brazilians Lima and Rodrigo forged a potent twin threat for Benefica . Lima forced a fingertip save from Beto when he sent a fizzing long range effort in the Sevilla keeper 's direction but the Spaniard 's defense held firm -- and the match went into extra time . With another 30 minutes added to the clock , Lima and Bacca once again had the best of the chances . Bacca was put through on goal with a sensational pass from Sevilla captain Ivan Rakitic but the Colombian flicked his left-footed shot wide . It was the last real chance either side had to win the match in regulation play . Lima and Bacca may have struggled to find the back of the net in the final 's early stages but both scored as the penalties began in front of the roaring Sevilla fans . Benfica substitute Oscar Cardozo was the first to lose his cool . The experienced forward 's hesitant shot was easily collected by Beto . The curse struck again as Rodrigo 's stuttering shot was saved . Sevilla 's Stephane Mbia , Coke and Spanish international Kevin Gameiro all scored from the spot to see the European trophy join them on the flight back to Spain . Benfica now turn their attention to the Portuguese Cup final where the league champions hope to secure a domestic treble safe in the knowledge that at least on home soil the hex can not strike again .	Sevilla defeat Benfica 4-2 on penalties to win the Europa League in Turin The Spanish side join an elite group of teams to have lifted the European trophy three times Benfica 's European curse continues as the Portuguese club have now lost eight European finals Spain will win all European trophies in 2014 as Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid contest Champions League
CNN  -- Celebrity chef Paula Deen 's sons staunchly defended their mother Tuesday , saying allegations of racism are false "  character assassination . " "  Neither one of our parents ever taught us to be bigoted toward any other person for any reason , " Bobby Deen told CNN 's "  New Day " in an exclusive interview with Chris Cuomo . "  Our mother is one of the most compassionate , good-hearted , empathetic people that you 'd ever meet , " he added . "  These accusations are very hurtful to her , and it 's very sad . " In a recent lawsuit deposition , Deen admitted having used the "  N-word " long ago . The suit alleges discrimination and racism at two of Deen 's restaurants . But the Deen sons -- also chefs with TV shows , and part of their family 's restaurant businesses -- insisted the depictions of their mother are an effort by the plaintiff to get a chunk of the family fortune . "  I 'm disgusted by the entire thing , because it began as extortion and it has become character assassination , " Bobby Deen said . Official : Food Network will not renew Paula Deen 's contract Jamie Deen said it 's "  ridiculous , completely absurd to think there is an environment of racism in our business , and it 's really disrespectful to the people that we work with . We have strong , educated men and women of character that have been with us for five , 10 , 15 , 20 years . To think they would allow themselves to be in this position is simply baloney . It 's ridiculous . " When he was a child , Jamie Deen said , his parents taught him the story of his hero , baseball legend Hank Aaron . They explained that "  the challenges  Aaron  had to overcome because of his color was unacceptable . " Paula Deen 's fortune has taken a hit in recent days as the Food Network dropped her , as did Smithfield Foods , one of her key sponsors . There are questions now over whether other businesses including QVC and Walmart may cut ties with the star of Southern cooking . Paula Deen : From the frying pan to the firestorm The lawsuit Deen and her brother are being sued for alleged sexual and racial harassment by a former manager of Deen 's restaurants in Savannah , Georgia . Lisa T. Jackson 's lawsuit alleges that Deen and Bubba Hier committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five-year tenure at Deen 's Lady & Sons and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House eateries in Savannah . When Dean was questioned under oath for a deposition , she was asked whether she had used the "  N-word . " Deen answered that she had probably used the racial slur when talking to her husband about "  when a black man burst into the bank that I was working at and put a gun to my head . " iReport : Defending Paula Deen Asked whether she had used the word since , she responded , "  I 'm sure I have , but it 's been a very long time . " Jackson 's lawsuit also claims Deen wanted to plan a party in the style of a Southern plantation , staffed with black waiters dressed to resemble slaves . In her deposition , Deen said she was speaking of an experience she had had recently in which the wait staff was composed of black men in white jackets and bowties , and that she had said she would love for Hier to "  experience a very Southern style wedding " such as that . "  I did not mean anything derogatory by saying I loved their look and their professionalism , " she added . Transcript of Paula Deen 's testimony Deen 's lawyer rejects the lawsuit 's claims of racism . "  Contrary to media reports , Ms. Deen does not condone or find the use of racial epithets acceptable , " Bill Franklin said . "  She is looking forward to her day in court . " In a video online last week , Paula Deen , 66 , apologized to "  to those that I have hurt . " "  My family and I are not the kind of people the press are wanting to say we are , " she said . " ... Your color , your religion , your sexual preference does not matter to me . But it 's what 's in the heart , and my family and I try to live by that . " Bobby Deen said the "  N-word " was not part of their vocabulary at home . "  That word , that horrifying , terrible word that exists and I abhor it coming from any person -- ... we were n't raised in a home where that word was used . " Pastor friend says Deen ca n't be a racist Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	NEW : It 's "  absurd " to think there 's racism in the family business , Jamie Deen says NEW : In deposition , Paula Deen spoke of "  Southern style " event with black men in white jackets The Food Network and Smithfield Foods have dropped her Paula Deen has apologized in a video
CNN  -- Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , will be the next House Oversight and Government Reform Committee chairman , taking the gavel from California Republican Darrell Issa . "  I have great respect for Chairman Darrell Issa and ca n't thank him enough for his many years of dedicated service leading the Oversight Committee , " Chaffetz said in a statement . Chaffetz will serve as the House 's main investigator for President Obama 's last two years in office . Chaffetz said he is looking forward to working with ranking member Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland , who Issa often bickered with . In one of the few contested leadership roles , Chaffetz beat out two other members for the seat : Ohio Reps. Mike Turner and Jim Jordan . Chaffetz was nominated by the House Steering Committee , led by House Speaker John Boehner . The committee tapped 17 chairs today to lead the House , joining four previously announced chairman .	Utah Republican Jason Chaffetz will replace Darrell Issa Chaffetz will be the House 's main investigator of President Obama last two years in office
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown must stay locked up in the Los Angeles County jail for at least another week while his lawyer negotiates with the prosecutor about his probation violation , a judge said Thursday . Brown attended a hearing Thursday wearing an orange jail suit , just hours after a cross-country trip from Washington to Los Angeles on the federal government 's inmate transport system , informally known as "  Con Air . " "  He 's doing remarkably well under the circumstances , " Brown lawyer Mark Geragos told CNN . "  It 's a challenging situation to be in . " Geragos and Assistant District Attorney Mary Murray agreed to hold talks over the next week concerning Brown possibly admitting that he violated his probation . If that happens , it will be announced at a hearing next Friday . Otherwise , the judge will set a date for a trial on his probation revocation . "  I 'm hoping we get it resolved and we get it resolved quickly , " Geragos said after the hearing . Geragos said he would also file a motion to have Brown released from jail , which would be considered at the May 9 hearing . Brown , who turns 25 next Monday , spent most of the past week traveling back to Los Angeles following a delay in the start of his trial on a misdemeanor assault charge in Washington . U.S. Marshals , who took Brown from the Los Angeles County jail for extradition to Washington four weeks ago , handed him back to Los Angeles Sheriff 's deputies just hours before Thursday 's hearing , according to Deputy U.S. Marshal Laura Vegas . Brown 's probation for the 2009 beating of ex-girlfriend Rihanna Fenty was revoked after his Washington arrest . He 's spent the past six weeks in custody and previous five months in court-ordered rehab . The prosecutor said last week that she would "  strenuously object " to Brown being released because it appears likely Brown will be found guilty of the assault charge in Washington . Assistant District Attorney Mary Murray argued the only change since Brown was jailed in March is that his case has "  gotten worse . " The Washington judge who found his bodyguard guilty in the assault case also concluded that Brown was "  the initial aggressor " in the incident , Murray said . A Los Angeles judge refused a request last week to free the singer from custody so he could make his own way back from Washington . He and bodyguard Christopher Hollosy were arrested on assault charges in Washington for allegedly beating a man who tried to take a photo of Brown last October . The arrest led to a revocation of Brown 's probation , but he was allowed to enter a rehab program instead of going to jail . He was ordered to jail last month when he was kicked out of the rehab program for rules violations . Planes , chains and automobiles : Chris Brown 's miserable trip to trial "  I think it 's a little over the top to have him in custody on this misdemeanor when everybody saw the bodyguard 's trial and which was nothing more than a bloody nose , " Brown lawyer Mark Geragos told reporters in Washington last week . "  And you have got the bodyguard who was convicted and who readily admitted he was the one who did the punching.Â So all of this is much ado about nothing . " Chris Brown 's freedom at stake with 2 cases The delay in Brown 's Washington trial came after prosecutors refused to grant immunity to Hollosy so he could testify without jeopardizing his own case . On Monday , Hollosy was found guilty of assaulting a man on a Washington sidewalk before Brown 's trial was to begin in the case . The prosecutors cited Hollosy 's refusal to talk to them about his testimony as a major reason for the decision not to grant immunity . Their motion also said they suspected he might lie in his testimony to help Brown .	NEW : "  He 's doing remarkably well under the circumstances , " Brown lawyer says Judge : Chris Brown must stay in jail for at least another week Brown 's October DC arrest triggered 5 months rehab , 7 weeks in jail He turns 25 next Monday
The core of Trayvon Martin 's story has been told again and again in recent days -- about how the 17-year-old went out to a Sanford , Florida , convenience store , only to be killed on his way back to his father 's fiance 's home . Yet one month later , questions persist as to exactly how and why that happened . The man who admitted shooting the teen has not been charged in connection to the case , much to the dismay of Martin 's parents and thousands of strangers nationwide who 've rallied behind them . On Monday , the story continued to gain both complexity , and clarity , thanks to details of the account that Martin 's shooter gave to police after the shooting . George Zimmerman 's description is outlined in an Orlando Sentinel article that cited "  authorities " as the source of its information . The Sanford Police Department subsequently released a statement that , while condemning what it called "  unauthorized leaks , " confirmed the newspaper account "  is consistent with the information provided to the State Attorney 's office by the police department . " Events held around country in response to case Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer , told police he was on his way to the grocery store when he saw Martin , a black male , walking through his gated community , according to the Sentinel report . "  Something 's wrong with him , " he told a 911 dispatcher , according to the contents of a call released last week . "  Yep . He 's coming to check me out . He 's got something in his hands . " The teen started to run , Zimmerman said . When he said he was following the boy , the dispatcher told him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Shortly afterward , neighbors began calling 911 to report an apparent altercation , then a gunshot . The Orlando Sentinel report fills in some blanks , purportedly from Zimmerman 's perspective , of what transpired in the meantime . Zimmerman , according to the Sentinel report , later told police that he lost sight of Martin and was returning to his SUV when the teen approached him . The two exchanged words , according to Zimmerman , who said Martin then punched him in the nose . On the ground , Zimmerman said he was repeatedly punched and had his head slammed into the sidewalk , according to the Sentinel report . He began yelling , he told police . Previously released tapes of 911 calls included neighbors saying they had heard hearing screams -- though it was n't clear whether they came from Zimmerman or Martin . Mary Cutcher told CNN on Monday that she and Selma Mora Lamilla were in a kitchen nearby when they "  heard a whining , someone in distress , and then the gunshot . " They ran outside and , "  within seconds , " were about 10 feet away from Martin 's body , Lamilla said . "  Zimmerman  was standing over the body , basically straddling the body with his hand on Trayvon 's back , " said Cutcher , adding that they called three times to him before he finally asked them to call police . "  It did n't seem to me that he was trying to help him in any way . " And Martin 's girlfriend was on the phone with him prior to the shooting , according to a lawyer for the shooting victim 's family . Benjamin Crump said last week that the girl "  completely blows Zimmerman 's absurd self-defense claim out of the water . " What is evident is that , minutes after that Zimmerman 's first 911 call , police arrived at the scene . They found Martin "  laying face down in the grass , " according to a police report . A short time later , Martin was pronounced dead . As to Zimmerman , "  his back appeared to be wet and was covered in grass  and he  was also bleeding , from the nose and back of his head , " according to the same report . Zimmerman was questioned , but has not been charged in the case . This fact has triggered widespread uproar , with nearly three-fourths of Americans -- including 67 percent of whites and 86 percent of non-whites -- believing he should be arrested , according to a CNN/ORC International poll released Monday . Majority in poll call for shooter 's arrest Those attitudes were on display in more than dozen cities Monday . Many demonstrators wore hooded sweatshirts and carried Skittles candy -- just like Martin had , on the night he was killed -- from Atlanta to San Francisco in many communities , big and small , in between to show support for the victim 's family and denounce racism , profiling and laws that permit use of force in self-defense . In the central Florida city of Sanford , a regularly scheduled city commission meeting turned into a forum focused on the Martin case . Near its start , Rev. Al Sharpton presented a petition that he said had been signed by 2 million people calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . He was one of several speakers who called for answers and accountability for police officers who they felt bungled the case by not testing Zimmerman for alcohol and drug levels and not doing a background check on him -- even though they did both for the victim . "  The Sanford police department needs to be held accountable , " said an emotional Tracy Martin , Trayvon 's father . Martin 's family and supporters have said that they believe race played a role in the shooting . Zimmerman is a white Hispanic . His family says he has been mistakenly portrayed as racist . On Monday , Martin 's supporters continued to insist that Zimmerman should be held responsible for Martin 's death -- saying the teen would be alive today if Zimmerman had simply followed the 911 dispatcher 's instructions , to stay away . "  We 're dealing with a self-appointed watchdog who disobeyed the dispatcher 's instructions that he agreed to , " said Sharpton , during a press conference earlier Monday with Martin 's parents in Sanford . "  All else is irrelevant . " That includes , he added , reports that first surfaced Monday in media accounts and later confirmed by a family spokesman that Martin had been suspended after a search of his book bag turned up an empty plastic bag with marijuana residue . Martin , who lived in Miami , was visiting Sanford after receiving a 10-day suspension from school , according to a family spokesman . An empty plastic bag found in his book bag had marijuana residue , spokesman Ryan Julison confirmed . "  The only comment that I have right now is that they 've killed my son and now they 're trying to kill his reputation , " Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , said at a news conference . Crump , the family attorney , said authorities were trying to "  demonize " the teen . "  Whatever Trayvon Martin was suspended for had absolutely no bearing on what happened on the night of February 26 , " he said . Both of Trayvon 's parents will be in Washington on Tuesday , attending a House Judiciary Committee meeting with Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , D-Texas , according to a news release from the congresswoman 's office . A special prosecutor is investigating the case . A grand jury scheduled to begin deliberations on April 10 , but it is uncertain if the group will ever work on the case . The prosecutor , Angela Corey , said Monday on HLN that she has never used a grand jury to decide on charges in a justifiable homicide case . "  We do a thorough investigation . We make that decision ourselves , " she said . The two prosecutors assigned on the case worked through the weekend and will do their best to provide answers quickly , Corey said . They have not yet interviewed Zimmerman , nor does her office know where he is , she said . An attorney for the Martin family said Monday that any jury that sees the evidence in the case -- much of which she said was collected by investigators working on the Martin family 's behalf -- would convict Zimmerman . "  Clearly , the investigation in this case was either bungled , or ignored completely , " Natalie Jackson said of the initial police inquiry . Sanford authorities say they could not arrest Zimmerman under Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force to defend themselves anywhere they feel a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . The evidence police had at the time did n't allow for an arrest , police have said . In addition to the investigation led by Corey , the state 's governor has formed a task force to review the state 's "  stand your ground " law . The Justice Department is also investigating . Did you attend a rally for Trayvon Martin ? Share your images Sanford 's city manager , Norton Bonaparte , also has said he is seeking an outside review of the police department 's handling of the case . The neighborhood where Zimmerman was volunteering in the neighborhood watch program could also face a lawsuit , the National Association of Black Journalists said , citing Martin family attorney Daryl Parks . Parks spoke to the group 's board of directors over the weekend . There is evidence that the Twin Lakes homeowners ' association told residents who saw suspicious activity to call Zimmerman if they could not contact the police , according to the association 's statement . Meanwhile , a handful of members from the New Black Panther Party have offered a $ 10,000 reward for Zimmerman 's "  capture . " The group is distinct from the better-known Black Panther Party and is described by the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as a "  virulently racist and anti-Semitic organization . " The Rev. Jesse Jackson cautioned people not to try to capture Zimmerman , saying it would not only put them at risk of being arrested , but also because it would a distraction . "  The focus must be on Zimmerman himself and what he did , " Jackson said . Joe Oliver , a friend of Zimmerman 's told CNN on Monday that Zimmerman is in hiding and all his family members are worried for their safety . Even with the shooter 's account clear , authorities still are working to piece together the details from February 26 . "  Right now , we have too many unanswered questions , " Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said Monday .	A witness says Zimmerman was straddling Trayvon Martin , not helping him Rallies are held from coast-to-coast in support of Martin 's family and cause Zimmerman told police Trayvon Martin hit him before the shooting , a report says "  Right now , we have too many unanswered questions , " the attorney general says
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese police say the late aunt of a young boy whose eyes were gouged out is the prime suspect in the horrific attack , state media news agency Xinhua reports . The six-year-old boy , named by local media as Xiao Binbin , is still recovering in hospital after being found bloodied and in a drugged state with both eyes missing near his home in late August . He 'd been missing for four hours . Early reports suggested that Xiao may have been the victim of organ traffickers , claims police later denied . Now , authorities in Fenxi country , Shanxi Province , have named the suspect as the boy 's aunt Zhang Huiying , who killed herself last Friday after jumping into a well in the courtyard of her home . Police said Zhang 's DNA was found at the scene of her nephew 's attack . Blood stains belonging to the boy were also found on Zhang 's clothes . The boy told police that a woman with a non-local accent called his name and asked him if anybody in his home played mahjong before taking him to the field , according to quotes attributed to his mother , Wang Wenli , in state media . Local police immediately launched a manhunt for the suspect by offering a 100,000 yuan  $ 16,335  reward for information leading to the arrest of the suspect , whom they said was a woman , according to Xinhua . Soon after the attack , state broadcaster CCTV showed images of a boy with bandages over his eyes recovering in hospital while his stricken relatives cried at his bedside .	Chinese police name suspect as boy 's aunt Zhang Huiying Zhang died last week after jumping to a well near her home The six-year-old boy was found bloodied with missing both eyes in late August He told police a woman approached him , according to state media reports
CNN  -- Train wrecks are intrinsically spectacular , and Will Smith 's new movie offers a doozy . Two of them , in fact . Jason Bateman and Will Smith star in "  Hancock . " In the first , Jason Bateman 's genial public relations guy Ray is sitting in his car , snarled in traffic and oblivious to the locomotive bearing down on him until it 's almost too late . Fortunately for Ray , John Hancock  Smith  is on the case . Using his Superman-like powers , Hancock flips Ray 's car up and over in a neat backward somersault , safely out of harm 's way . At the same time he thrusts out his arm and stops the train in its tracks . While Ray is grateful , the guy in the car underneath his is n't so sure -- and the damage to the derailed train stretches back a half-mile or more . That 's the train wreck within the movie . The train wreck that is the movie is even more interesting . We all know that Will Smith "  owns " the July 4 weekend -- so much so , there are n't any other big openings this week  aside from the small-scale "  Kit Kittredge : An American Girl , " which began in limited release last week  . Since "  Independence Day " he 's virtually become synonymous with Big Summer Fun . And he makes it look so easy , too . "  Hancock " tinkers with that self-confidence a little bit . Apparently immortal and impervious to pain , Hancock fulfills the superhero 's brief -- he safeguards the citizenry of Los Angeles -- but he 's sunk well below complacency into an alcoholic stew of resentment and contempt for his public . When a young fan stirs him from a drunken stupor to chase some bad guys in the movie 's opening scene , Hancock sends him off with an insult : "  What do you want , a cookie ? " Later , he picks up an obnoxious kid who has pushed his luck too far and flings him into the stratosphere , catching him 30 seconds later with obvious reluctance . In short , this is not the agreeable Will Smith we know and love , and even in this summer of edgier , angrier action heroes  see also "  Iron Man " and "  The Incredible Hulk "  , Hancock may be the first full-blown jerk to front a blockbuster . iReport.com : Share your review of "  Hancock " But before you jump to conclusions , this is not the problem with the movie . Though the cynical , adult edge to the comedy may limit the film 's audience  it is rated PG-13  it also qualifies as a welcome change . Hancock 's reckless heroism -- and the wreckage he leaves in his wake -- inspires the film 's funniest stuff  which is why you 've probably seen it all in the trailers  . Cussing , pulling on a bottle of booze as he chases down bad guys and dressing like a wino , Smith has fun playing against type , and in possibly his best big-screen performance yet , Jason Bateman makes an engaging comic foil . Like "  Incredibles " patriarch Mr. Incredible before him , Hancock has alienated the authorities with his DIY approach to problem-solving . They even issue a warrant for his arrest . Ray -- who owes the guy his life and has invited him into his home to meet the wife  Charlize Theron  -- encourages Hancock to surrender himself , serve some time , address his alcohol and anger-management issues , and wait for soaring crime statistics to pave his early release . It 's when this scenario plays out that Peter Berg 's movie jumps the tracks . Writers Vincent Ngo and Vince Gilligan have concocted an outrageous , mind-boggling twist that comes so far out of left field you would need a crystal ball to see it coming . No spoilers here , but it does n't work , not in the short term and not in the big picture either . It 's as if we 've been whisked from one kind of movie -- a brisk , superficial but entertaining high-concept comedy -- and into the theater next door , where they 're showing some sort of tragic "  X-Men " knockoff . The last half-hour of this 92-minute movie is a fiasco . Berg 's shaky-cam technique does n't help , nor does a weak , inadequate villain  played by Eddie Marsan  . Still , it 's rare -- and startling -- to see a big-budget movie fall apart so dramatically . Whether it was inspired by ego or economics , more than anything the turnaround feels like a colossal collective failure of nerve . "  Hancock " will likely post strong long weekend figures , but just watch those numbers plummet as the word gets out . A superhero can overcome many things , but not a movie that goes off the rails . "  Hancock " is rated PG-13 and runs 92 minutes .	CNN.com 's Tom Charity : "  Hancock " starts strong , goes off rails Film about truculent superhero takes odd turn for last half-hour King of July 4 Weekend Will Smith , rest of cast tries hard , ca n't overcome plot
Most Americans believe the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 should continue , but roughly half the country thinks the arduous search is being conducted in the wrong place , according to a new national poll . The CNN/ORC International poll comes nearly two months after the March 8 disappearance of the plane carrying 239 people . The Beijing-bound flight took off from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . Nearly eight in 10 respondents , or 79 % , think there are no survivors . After failing to find any wreckage or debris on the ocean surface , authorities last week announced the suspension of aerial searches to focus efforts instead on 60,000 square kilometers of the ocean floor , a process that could take six to eight months . For eight weeks , an international coalition has been searching for the plane , focusing its effort in the southern Indian Ocean , where it is believed to have gone down . Slightly more than half of all Americans -- or 52 % -- believe that the general public will eventually find out what occurred , but 46 % say that the fate of the missing airliner will always remain a mystery . Hope transcends frustration in quest to bring families closure As to the possible causes of the plane 's disappearance , Americans have a open mind , with some sort of action on the part of the plane 's pilots or crew the most likely possibility . Some two-thirds of respondents say it is very likely  26 %  or somewhat likely  40 %  that the disappearance was due to actions taken by the pilots or crew members . Terrorists were likely involved in the disappearance , according to 57 % of the respondents . Separately , when asked whether mechanical failure or an accident was behind the disappearance , 52 % said that was likely versus 46 % who answered not likely . Fewer Americans -- about 42 % -- think hijackers may have been involved , while 9 % believe that space aliens or beings from another dimension were involved . Nearly seven in 10 , or 69 % , say that the search should continue -- the only question is where . About half of respondents , or 51 % , say the plane  or its wreckage  is located in the Indian Ocean in the general area where the search is taking place , but 46 % say the plane is somewhere else , far from the search site . Only 26 % of Americans say that the Malaysian government has done a good job managing the search and providing information to the general public . The survey , which is based on interviews with 1,008 adult Americans conducted by telephone from May 2 through May 4 , has an overall sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .	Nearly 80 % of respondents think there are no survivors in Flight 370 disappearance Most Americans believe the search should continue , but half think search is in the wrong place More than half of Americans believe the public will find out what occurred CNN/ORC International poll based on interviews with 1,008 adults from May 2 through May 4
CNN  -- One person was killed and three others were injured after a series of powerful tornadoes ripped through dozens of homes in central Arkansas on Wednesday night , officials said Thursday . Ward Baldridge , 79 , died when a tornado hit his home in Pearson , according to a CNN producer who is related to the victim . The house was leveled , and Baldridge , his wife and his grandson were blown hundreds of feet away , Alexis Ginsberg said . The victims were sucked out of the house by the winds and landed in a nearby field , she said , citing Baldridge 's grandson . The two survivors are in critical condition , she said . The first twister struck in Saline County at 6:28 p.m. Wednesday , the National Weather Service said . The tornado damaged 22 homes , an Arkansas Emergency Management spokeswoman said . A resident said she could hear the storm roaring as it approached the area . "  It was the awfulest roaring I ever heard in my life , " she told CNN affiliate KTHV . "  My house felt like it was fixing to crumble over me . " Is severe weather happening where you are ? Send videos and photos to iReport . Another tornado struck north of Saline in White County at 8:25 p.m. , the weather service said . That storm damaged nine homes and injured one person . The third tornado was the one that killed Baldridge . It struck in nearby Cleburne County at 9:05 p.m. , said Renee Preslar , spokeswoman for the Department of Emergency Management . Several homes were damaged or destroyed . Along with tornadoes , central Arkansas was raked by powerful thunderstorms and golf ball-size hail , the National Weather Service said . "  The storm seems to be shifting to the east , so the severe weather should be out of this area by -LSB- Thursday -RSB- , " said John Lewis , a senior forecaster with an Arkansas office of the National Weather Service . A tornado watch that had been in effect for Arkansas was lifted early Thursday morning . But a tornado watch was issued for most of Mississippi and parts of Tennessee and Kentucky , forecasters said . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : 79-year-old Ward Baldridge of Pearson killed Tornado watch lifted for Arkansas but remains for Mississippi Twisters struck Saline , White , Cleburne counties Three people injured ; dozens of homes damaged
CNN  -- Famous for honest self-portraits , Mexican artist Frida Kahlo said that she painted her reality and that her paintings carried a message of pain . Her life was full of it , both physical and emotional , and she used it to fuel her art . Frida Kahlo was born in this house and lived in it with her husband , Diego Rivera . Much can be learned about both her private and public life by visiting the home she shared , first with her parents and later with her painter husband , Diego Rivera . The bold blue house with red trim stands out in the quiet residential street of the Coyoacán section of Mexico City . It was painted that way because Kahlo and Rivera felt that the bright colors represented Mexican culture better than the original white paint . This home-turned-museum , known as La Casa Azul , is where Frida Kahlo was born , began to paint and died , making the house a witness to one of the most important artistic lives in Mexican history . The museum entrance leads to a large patio where pre-Columbian sculptures collected by Diego Rivera throughout his lifetime are scattered among the plants and fountains . The couple 's love for traditional Mexican art can be seen throughout the house , from the large fireplace designed by Rivera that dominates the first room , resembling a step pyramid like the ones built by the Mayas and Aztecs , to Kahlo 's paintings and the couple 's collection of smaller sculptures . Some of Kahlo 's most well-known works , such as "  Viva la Vida , " a still life of watermelons , are on display in the museum , but it is the personal objects that tell the most interesting stories . An entire room is dedicated to communist paraphernalia . Kahlo was very politically active and did not hide her political leanings . In fact , she and Rivera invited exiled Russian communist revolutionary Leon Trotsky and his wife to live with them in the late '30s . As visitors move through the museum , it is the remnants of Kahlo and Rivera 's private life that begin to tell their story . Part of the collection is a bed with a mirror attached to it , used by Kahlo in order to create many of her celebrated self-portraits . At the age of 18 , she was left bedridden for a few months when her spine was broken in a serious bus and trolley accident . It was during those months that Kahlo began to paint , to help pass the time and keep her spirits up . Also on view are several corsets that Kahlo had to wear during her lifetime because of lasting injuries from the accident , several surgeries and a childhood bout of polio . It was because she began painting that Kahlo met Diego Rivera , who was at the time a famous Mexican muralist . Kahlo wanted to know whether she had talent enough to make art a career , so she sought out Rivera to get his opinion . That was the start of their famously tempestuous relationship . They were married for the first time in 1929 , but after infidelities on both sides  including an affair between Kahlo and Trotsky  , they divorced in 1939 . They were married again a year later . She once commented on their relationship , saying that there had been two great accidents in her life , the trolley and Diego ; Diego , she claimed , had been the worst of the two . The house , which was witness to the birth of Kahlo on July 6 , 1907 , was also witness to her death July 13 , 1954 . Rivera put her ashes in a pre-Columbian urn , which remains in the house to this day . He donated the house in 1957 , and it opened to the public as La Casa Azul , Museo Frida Kahlo in 1958 . So the blue house , which has seen so much of the history of two of Mexico 's most famous artists and was witness to so much of Kahlo 's personal suffering , is open to the public , ready to tell their story to all who are willing to listen .	Frida Kahlo was born in La Casa Azul and lived there with Diego Rivera The house contains the bed where an injured Kahlo started to paint An entire room in the home is dedicated to communist paraphernalia
CNN  -- Samsung plans to introduce a smartphone with a curved display screen , an executive of the South Korean company said Wednesday . D.J. Lee , Samsung 's head of mobile marketing , made the announcement at an event in Seoul to roll out the Galaxy Gear smartwatch and Galaxy Note 3 smartphone . He said the phone would be available in October , presumably with a limited release in South Korea . Unfortunately , that 's about all the detail he provided -- no exact release date , no details on the design , no price and no word on where it will be available . Curved screens are a rarity among smartphones , which typically feature flat , rectangular displays . But Samsung has been tinkering with next-generation screens for a while . Early this year at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , the company showed off prototypes of a line of flexible display screens it calls YOUM . "  This new form factor will really begin to change how people interact with their devices and open up new lifestyle possibilities , " Brian Berkeley , senior vice president of Samsung 's display lab , said at the January event . "  And it 's only going to get better . " In a video , they teased a smartphone with a bendable screen that opens up into a smallish tablet . Berkeley also demonstrated how a phone display screen that 's curved along its edges would open up exponentially more space for viewing content . A bendable , plastic display screen could also be virtually unbreakable , although it 's unclear whether the new phone -- which could be a version of the new Galaxy Note 3 -- would be plastic or some sort of step along the way . Samsung has made a Rolls Royce of a television , the $ 9,000 , 55-inch KN55S9C , with a curved screen . And Samsung 's Galaxy Nexus smartphone , released in 2011 , had a slight curve to its screen . But the new model will presumably take the concept further . "  I 'm expecting the company to aim for an even more extreme curve with its next phone , " Devindra Hardawar wrote for VentureBeat . "  With its large-screen Galaxy Note lineup , Samsung has shown that it is n't afraid to step into slightly oddball territory . The Note also proves those gambles can pay off for Samsung . " A curved screen would also boost Samsung 's status as a leader on the mobile innovation front . Samsung Galaxy phones have outsold Apple 's iPhone during various periods over the past year , as Apple has been dinged by critics who say the company 's phones are no longer breaking new ground . There were similar criticisms of the newly released iPhone 5S , which was viewed by many as a baby step forward , although reviews of the device have been mostly raves , and it sold a record-setting 9 million units in its first weekend on the market .	Samsung to release smartphone with a curved screen in October Executive gave few further details about the release Samsung showed off flexible-screen prototype phones at CES in January The move aims to keep Samsung 's perceived innovation lead over Apple
CNN  -- 1 . Everpurse : A handbag that charges your phone Nothing kills a productive day like a dead cell phone battery . Lucky for us , that 's what inspired frustrated social worker Liz Salcedo to create Everpurse . The inventive solution allows you to charge your mobile device simply by placing it inside your handbag . Salcedo and her husband/business partner designed a bag with a built-in pocket that automatically connects to the charger via gravity . Using the same wireless technology as some Nokia products , each bag is equipped with a receiver and battery inside its lining , pulling off a crafty nontechnical look . The couple took their prototype to the crowd funding website Kickstarter.com , where they found more than 900 backers and raised over $ 150,000 in support of their project . The future of wireless charging not only looks promising , but stylish as well ! 2 . Facedeals : Reading your face to give you better deals When you hear the words "  facial recognition technology , " do they creep you out ? A Tennessee-based ad agency called Redpepperland thinks that using the technology to give shoppers customized in-store deals may get them past their apprehension . The concept , called "  Facedeals , " is an automated check-in system that uses passive facial recognition to send customized in-store deals right to your smart phone . Here 's how it works : A Facedeals camera installed at a store entrance scans and recognizes your face as you walk in the door . Do n't worry if you do n't like the idea -- you have to opt in to participate by creating an account through their Facebook profile . Once you 're checked in , the types of deals you are offered depends on your history of Facebook likes . Although the project is not yet directly affiliated with Facebook , the idea is to get businesses to realize that Facebook check-ins are a powerful tool to provide discounts to loyal customers . Another inventive use of facial recognition comes from a new service called Plum Perfect , which offers makeup palette suggestions based on a photo of your face . 3 . Smart Carpet : Carpet sensors that can tell when you fall It looks like we finally have a real-life magic carpet -- only it wo n't fly you to your favorite vacation destination . Researchers at the University of Manchester in the UK have designed a "  smart carpet " that can tell when a person has fallen . Sensors embedded in the carpet allow it to detect and map walking patterns in real time by acting as a pressure map . Once the signals are recorded by computer , the carpet can also sense any deterioration in walking behavior . If this occurs , it analyzes the force of a fall against a footstep and can be rigged to call for help . Right now , the goal is to implement smart carpets in care homes and hospitals as a safety measure to decrease the number of emergency admissions due to falls for the 65 + age group . 4 . Lockitron : Lock your house with your smartphone We 've all done it before : You 're running late , grab everything you can remember and run out the door trying to beat the clock . It 's not until you 've almost reached your destination that the nagging "  Did-I-lock-the-door ? " question rears its head . Lockitron is offering a solution to this common worry by turning your smartphone into a house key . What makes Lockitron different from other "  digital house key " apps like Unikey is that it is installed onto existing deadbolts and connects to the Internet via Wi-Fi , which allows you to access it from anywhere . The device is powered by AA batteries and runs Bluetooth or NFC  Near Field Communication  technology , depending on which device you use . "  Knock sensors " can even be installed to send you a notification when someone is at the door . 5 . Wallbrights : Customizable wall dÃ © cor If you 're looking to add a little pizzazz to your household with some wall dÃ © cor , this one is definitely an eye catcher . Wallbrights combines simple wall decals with LED lights that are remotely controlled by -- what else ? -- a mobile app . The decals , which come in both hexagons and lines , are equipped with an adhesive backing so you can change the pattern and stick them just about anywhere in your home . Using a smartphone app , you can not only turn the lights off and on , but also control the color scheme . So whether you are looking for colors that suit your mood or just add style to your walls , this lighting innovation is sure to spark conversation .	Start the new year with some tools and trends that could make life easier Everpurse is a handbag with a built-in receiver and battery to charge your phone on the go Facedeals uses facial recognition to send customized deals to your smartphone
CNN  -- The investigation of Monday 's deadly twin bombings in Boston will rely to an extraordinary extent on crowdsourced surveillance , provided by Marathon spectators ' cellphone photos , Vine videos , and Instagram feeds . Investigators in Boston , led by FBI special agent in charge Richard DesLauriers , want to see any and all imagery taken by anyone and everyone where the blasts occurred Monday . In an unusual move , the team of local , state and federal authorities investigating the crime openly called for spectators to provide any images or video they might have , all of which could potentially provide leads or evidence in the case . "  We 'd like to review any type of media , " to include "  video -LSB- and -RSB- photographic evidence " of the attack that killed three and injured more than 150 people , Gene Marquez of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms said today . Within minutes of the twin blasts , photos and videos of the bombing flooded Twitter , Facebook , Vine , YouTube and other social media . All that adds up to a vast , distributed unwieldy trove of potential information for the inquiry . The investigation is currently "  secur -LSB- ing -RSB- all video " from surveillance cameras at Copley Square , Boston police commissioner Ed Davis said at a press conference today . But investigators want to construct a wider mosaic of imagery , from a greater set of angles and vantage points , than street-mounted cameras can provide . Davis said authorities plan to "  go through every frame of every video we have to determine who was in the area . " As is likely to be the case as the tools for capturing imagery grow smaller , cheaper and more mobile , law enforcement officials described the search for spectator photos and videos on a continuum with the accounts of eyewitnesses they seek to interview . Investigators urged everyone to cooperate with what they said will be an increased law-enforcement presence in and around Boston . "  Assistance from the public remains critical , " DesLauriers said , warning that the inquiry is just beginning to "  interview witnesses and process the crime scene " and it could "  take some time " before any leads , let alone evidence , develop . Davis said the Copley Square crime scene , currently narrowed to 12 blocks , is the most complex ever encountered by Boston police . Juliette Kayyem , a former homeland-security adviser to Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , praised law enforcement and Marathon attendees for rapidly clearing an area of thousands of people in order to preserve the crime scene . There are limits to the crowdsourcing . The data used in the investigation will be crowdsourced . The investigation will not be . A crowdsourced investigation runs a high risk of becoming a witchhunt , as we saw in the Newton shooting spree . The Boston Marathon is one of the most if not the most photographed annual running event in the world . This image from yesterday shows professional and amateur photographers lining the course . It is unclear whether law enforcement had overhead cameras mounted in helicopters or other aircraft over the Marathon .  Boston-area cops do n't have spy drones â $ " yet .  But the era of readily-accessible commercial imaging tools provides a twist on the exponential growth of surveillance tech used by law enforcement and homeland security . The data on your phone can become an adjunct to police during the highest-profile investigations . That is n't an unfettered benefit to police . The military has found that its explosion of imagery data has stressed its ability to process it , to the point where its futurists are hunting for algorithms that can pre-select images a human analyst sees . Davis requested that any spectator providing media showing the attacks indicate the time they collected the data so police "  do n't need to go through the electronic signature . " There 's a lot more data at Copley Square that even a flood of imagery wo n't be able to capture . The still-undisclosed composition of the bomb material provides other clues . "  The site probably was secure in the days leading up " to the marathon , Kayyem says , "  but then it becomes more porous as more people and families come through , and then someone is able to get in . That 's why eyewitnesses are so important . " And their cameraphones . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Law enforcement reviewing "  any kind of media " Boston Marathon crowd recorded Material is extensive due to smaller , cheaper , more available devices like smartphones A downside is police struggling to work through all the material
CNN  -- The bodies of young elephants covered in the brown dirt of dried-up wells tell a heartrending story . A baby elephant in the Gourma region of central Mali had been trapped in a well for three days . Reaching desperately for drops of water , they had lowered their trunks , toppled in , remained trapped and died in Mali 's scorching heat . The "  last desert elephants in West Africa " have "  adapted to survive in the harsh conditions " they face , Save the Elephants said Monday . But now , the group says , conditions have gone from bad to worse , and they are living "  on the margin of what is ecologically viable . " Save the Elephants distributed new pictures Monday that depict the devastating drought and the struggle for survival in Mali , one of the poorest nations in the world . "  Six elephants have already been found dead , " the group wrote in a news release accompanying the photos . "  Four others , including three calves , were recently extracted from a shallow well into which they had fallen when searching for water . Only the largest survived . " The youngest are in the most danger , since their smaller trunks ca n't reach deep into the few remaining wells , the group said . The worst drought in 26 years is threatening the existence of the "  last desert elephants in West Africa , " the northernmost herds in the continent , Save the Elephants said . The animals , now numbering only about 350 to 450 , have been called "  the last elephants of Timbuktu , " said Jake Wall , a scientist with Save the Elephants . But they 're south of Timbuktu , Wall told CNN in a phone interview from Bamako , Mali . "  We tend to refer to them as ` the last Sahelian elephants . ' " See a map of Mali " Each year , the elephants trek farther on the fringes of the Sahara to find water . They have the longest migration route of any in the continent , traveling "  in a counterclockwise circle " of about 700 kilometers  435 miles  , Save the Elephants said . The images are signs of the crisis gripping the northwest African nation . The U.N. Development Programme ranks Mali near the bottom of its Human Development Index . It cites a 56 percent poverty rate in the country , with nearly a third of the population unlikely to live past age 40 , and an illiteracy rate of 77 percent . The World Food Programme says the majority of infant deaths in Mali are due to malnutrition . The drought , combined with soaring temperatures , has also led to deaths of cattle , Save the Elephants said . "  The stench of rotting corpses fills the air , and what little water remains is putrid and undrinkable by all standards . " In areas where the elephants live and search for water , "  the normal peaceful coexistence between the elephants and herdsmen is starting to break down and giving way to conflict over access to water , " Wall said . There is some hope for the weeks and months ahead . "  We 're hoping the rains start in June , and that will allow the elephants to start drinking out of shallow ponds until the really heavy rains begin " in July or August , Wall said . But "  urgent action " is needed in the interim "  to secure water for the elephants , " Wall 's group said in its news release . Save the Elephants , which focuses on helping elephant populations worldwide , said it has partnered with a foundation and the Mali government in its fundraising appeal .	Elephants dying in Mali are among 350 to 450 left in the area Save the Elephants releases photos of elephants struggling during drought Soaring heat is killing cattle , which is leading to water pollution , group says There is hope that rain in June may provide relief to elephants
CNN  -- The body of a fugitive U.S. marshal has been found in the city of Juarez , Mexico , according to the U.S. Marshals Service -- the latest discovery in a wave of violence that has gripped towns along the U.S.-Mexican border in recent months . The body of Deputy Marshal Vincent Bustamante was found Wednesday in Juarez , Mexico . The body of Deputy Marshal Vincent Bustamante -- who faced federal charges of stealing weapons and other government property -- was found in Juarez on Wednesday , said Marshals Service spokesman Jeff Carter . Bustamante appeared to have been shot in the back of the head , a federal law enforcement source said . Chihuahua state police said the body had multiple wounds to the head -- apparently consistent with an execution-style shooting , according to Edgar Roman , a reporter with XHIJ television in Juarez . Watch where the U.S. Marshal 's body was found " Bustamante , 48 , was charged with stealing U.S. government property including Glock and Ruger handguns , a shotgun and a pair of binoculars , according to court documents . According to the federal source , who was not authorized to speak about details of the case and asked not to be named , a pawnshop owner became suspicious when Bustamante attempted to pawn a shotgun and called the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . The source said Bustamante would buy back items he had pawned on his pay days and return them . Bustamante 's attorney , Mike Torres , said a warrant was issued for Bustamante 's arrest after he failed to appear at a court hearing last week . He said Bustamante was a 17-year veteran of the marshals and a former El Paso Police officer who lived in El Paso with his wife and two children . "  He was a familiar face around the federal courthouse here , " Torres said . "  I 'm very shocked by this and very saddened . "  He had a lot of friends and a lot of people that cared about him . " Carter said Bustamante was on administrative leave from the marshals and had been required to turn in his gun and badge . He said Bustamante had not been in Mexico on marshals business and that all of the weapons he was charged with stealing had been recovered . Carter said Bustamante was on "  modified status " with the marshals , meaning he had been required to turn in his gun and badge outside of his official work hours . "  What I can tell you is that the U.S. Marshals Service is saddened by the death of Deputy Bustamante and our thoughts and prayers are with his family , " he said . Carter said U.S. marshals are working with the FBI and Mexican authorities to investigate the death . He said an autopsy will be conducted in Mexico , and another may be conducted once Bustamante 's body is returned to the United States . Juarez , which sits across the border from El Paso , Texas , has become one of the major battlegrounds as drug cartels fight both each other and Mexican authorities . The conflict has made violence increasingly common in Juarez , Tijuana and other Mexican border towns . More than 400 deaths in the region have been attributed to the fighting this year . CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Emily Robards and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Marshal 's body found in border town of Juarez , Mexico U.S. Marshals Service has no comment on cause of death Marshal had been accused of theft of public property , service spokesman says
CNN  -- A Canadian man is accused of opening fire in a court building in the Philippines on Tuesday , killing two people and wounding himself and one other person , authorities said . The incident is likely to add to the debate over stricter controls on firearms in the country , which has been rattled by a series of recent shootings . Read related : Gunman kills 9 in house-to-house rampage in Philippine town The official Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported that the gunman "  went berserk " at the Hall of Justice the city of Cebu . It identified the suspect in the case as John Pope , a Canadian . Facing a criminal case in the courts , the gunman fatally shot the complainant in the case , who was believed to be a doctor , and the doctor 's lawyer , the Philippine Supreme Court said , citing initial police reports . Besides the gunman , the other person wounded in the attack was Maria Theresa Casino , a prosecutor who is in a critical condition , according to the PNA . The Supreme Court said that the names of those involved were still being verified and that it was sending an official to Cebu to investigate the shooting . The Supreme Court has supervisory responsibilities over such court buildings in the Philippines , the PNA cited Prosecutor General Claro Arellano as saying . Arellona said there had been a severe lapse in security at the building in Cebu and called on the Supreme Court to take steps to prevent if from happening again . Cebu police officials were n't immediately available to comment on the matter . Earlier this month , a gunman went from house to house in a town near the capital , Manila , killing at least 9 people . And on New Year 's Eve , a 7-year-old girl died after being shot in the head amid celebratory gunfire . The country 's Firearms and Explosives Office says there were 1.2 million registered firearms in the Philippines as of last year , according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . On top of that , the office estimates there were 600,000 unlicensed firearms in circulation nationwide . Government officials have suggested that better enforcement of existing gun laws is required rather than the introduction of new rules .	NEW : The man suspected of carrying out the shooting is Canadian , authorities say NEW : A prosecutor is in a critical condition after the attack The shooter 's victims are believed to include the complainant in his case The suspect is wounded in the attack , authorities say
ELDORADO , Texas  CNN  -- Ambulances rolled into a Texas ranch that 's home to members of a polygamist sect , as authorities continued their search Saturday night for possible victims of physical and sexual abuse . Authorities are seeking Dale Barlow , 50 , seen in a mugshot from a 2005 arrest on child sex charges . The emergency vehicles were called for as investigators prepared to search the group 's temple , law enforcement officials said . The sect is a rogue branch of the Mormon church , which forbids nonbelievers from entering its temples . Authorities wanted medical backup "  in case they 're involved in sensitive areas that could escalate into a negative reaction , " a law enforcement source said . A police helicopter also had begun circling the ranch Saturday night . Earlier , dozens more children and young women were removed from the compound . A total of 183 people , including 137 children , have been taken away since law enforcement officers raided the compound Thursday night , said Marleigh Meisner , a spokeswoman for the Texas Child Protective Services Division . The children -- most of them girls -- were being interviewed by special investigators , she said . "  We 're trying to find out if they 're safe , " she explained . "  We need to know if they have been abused or neglected . " Eighteen of the girls have been taken into state custody . Authorities believe that they "  had been abused or were at immediate risk of future abuse , " said Child Protective Services spokesman Darrell Azar . The others were taken to a nearby civic center . Meisner described them as doing "  remarkably well . " Watch a report on the latest developments " Authorities continue to search the 1,900-acre YFZ ranch , occupied by followers of imprisoned polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs , and at least one man is being sought by police . According to the search warrant , authorities are looking for Dale Barlow , 50 , whom they suspect of having married and fathered a child with a 16-year-old girl . Watch an Eldorado neighbor talk about the raid " Law enforcement agencies raided the ranch Thursday night after receiving a report Monday that a 16-year-old girl had been "  sexually and physically abused , " Azar said . Watch buses take girls from compound " The warrant cited an "  immediate need " for authorities to have access to the 16-year-old and an 8-month-old child with either the last name of Barlow or the girl 's last name . It instructs law enforcement officers to look for any records showing that Barlow and the girl were married and any evidence of them having a child . Barlow is in Arizona and does not know his accuser , his probation officer told The Salt Lake Tribune . "  He said the authorities had called him -LSB- in Colorado City , Arizona -RSB- , and some girl had accused him of assaulting her , and he did n't even know who she was , " Bill Loader said . Barlow pleaded no contest last year to conspiracy to commit sexual conduct with a minor , The Associated Press reported . He was ordered to register as a sex offender for three years , according to the AP . His lawyer in that case told the AP he had not spoken to Barlow in a year . Jeffs , the 52-year-old leader and "  prophet " of the 10,000-member church , was convicted in Utah last year and sentenced to 10 years on two counts of being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in 2001 . He faces trial in Arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy . Jeffs ' Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints bought the land near Eldorado four years ago and built the ranch , which they call the YFZ Ranch . The letters are said to refer to the words Yearning for Zion . It is home to as many as 400 members who relocated from their Arizona and Utah compounds . State and local law enforcement agencies set up roadblocks around the ranch Thursday evening , preventing journalists from seeing what was happening on the property , according to Randy Mankin , editor of the Eldorado Success weekly newspaper . "  This came totally out of the blue , " Mankin said . There were no indications of violence around the ranch , he said . When CNN crews have visited the ranch , it was guarded by armed men equipped with night vision gear and other high-tech surveillance tools to prevent intruders . When CNN flew over the ranch in a small plane last year , the crew saw a massive temple , the three-story housing units where Jeffs ' chosen followers live , the water tower , the school and community center , the dairy and cheese factory and a massive concrete mill . The church openly practices polygamy in two towns straddling the Arizona-Utah state line -- Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona -- but members living on their Texas ranch rarely venture into Eldorado , four miles to the south . Critics of the sect say that it arranges marriages for girls as young as 13 and that competition for brides may be reduced through exiling young men . If male followers are excommunicated , the critics claim , their wives and children can be reassigned to someone else . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	NEW : Ambulances called in as investigators prepare to search temple Number of people removed from ranch grows to 183 , including 137 children Authorities served search , arrest warrants to members of polygamist sect Jeffs in Arizona jail awaiting trial ; sentenced to 10 years in prison last year
