CNN  -- The United Nations on Monday accused Belarus of defying an arms embargo against Ivory Coast by delivering three attack helicopters to the disputed president of the West African nation . A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that the helicopters and other related materiel "  are reportedly being delivered at Yamoussoukro , " the nation 's capital , for Laurent Gbagbo 's forces . Ban is pushing for an urgent meeting of the U.N. Security Council on the matter , the spokesman said . "  The first delivery arrived reportedly on a flight which landed this  Sunday  evening and additional flights are scheduled for Monday , " the spokesman said in a statement . U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said Monday afternoon that U.N. officials on the ground in Ivory Coast were unable to confirm whether the delivery was made , saying they were forced to withdraw from the airport before they were able to verify the report . U.N. officials later said that the team sent to investigate the possible breach of sanctions was fired upon Monday by local security forces in the Ivory Coast . Gbagbo , the nation 's incumbent leader , is clinging to the presidency despite an international call for him to step down after an electoral commission declared challenger Alassane Ouattara the winner of a November election . The deliveries violate an arms embargo that has been in place since 2004 , Ban 's spokesman said . Andrei Savinykh , a spokesman for the Belarusian Foreign Ministry , vehemently denied the allegation , calling it part of a campaign of "  lies and slander " against Belarus . A "  destructive information attack is being carried out " against Belarus , said Savinykh , according to the Belarus state-run Belta news agency . Violence in Ivory Coast escalated sharply over the past week , after four African heads of state left Abidjan . They had been given a mandate by the African Union to find a "  binding solution " to the post-election crisis in Ivory Coast . Gbagbo and Ouattara supporters have clashed in the central cities , Yamoussoukro and Daoukro , in addition to ongoing fighting in Abidjan . Ouattara is holed up in the Golf hotel in Abidjan under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report	NEW : A U.N. team sent to investigate the possible breach of sanctions is fired upon A spokesman for the government of Belarus denies breaking the embargo The secretary-general is pushing for an urgent meeting of the U.N. Security Council A spokesman for Ban Ki-moon says the first helicopter reportedly arrived Sunday
Wired  -- The Mac App Store has launched , freshly stocked with over 1,000 OS X applications . The store comes as part of an OS X update , version 10.6.6 , and is a standalone application rather than being yet another add-on to the already creaking and bloated iTunes . The store works a lot like the iOS App Store we know already : You sign in with your Apple I.D and then you can shop . Buy a Mac app and the payment is charged to your registered credit card account , and the app downloads automatically and is placed in the applications folder , with a convenient shortcut placed in the dock  the icon actually leaps from the Store window and lands in the dock -- neat  . This is clearly aimed at novice users who may never have actually downloaded and installed third-party software before , and the interface will be instantly familiar to anyone who has used the App Store in iTunes or on an iPad . That said , there is plenty for power-users , too . Apple 's flagship photo-editing software , Aperture , is in the store for just $ 80 . You can still buy it from the conventional Apple Store , but it 'll cost the usual $ 200 . That 's quite a saving . The iWork office suite is in there , too , although it remains the '09 version , not a new '11 update many were hoping for . The three iWork apps , Pages , Numbers and Keynote , cost $ 20 apiece , a saving on the usual $ 80 bundle price . If you already have these installed on your Mac , the App Store detects this and shows them as "  installed " , just like on the iPad . There are also free apps -- the slick new Twitter , for example , which is the long awaited v2 .0 of Tweetie for Mac -- as well as some old favorites  "  Angry Birds " is quite something on a 27-inch iMac screen  . There are no trials in the Mac App Store , and submissions are subject to strict rules , just like the iOS store . It appears that some of these can be waived , though . Twitter is clearly using custom , non standard user interface elements and it is featured on the front page . Apple is clearly playing somewhat by its own rules here , too . No trial versions are are allowed in the store , so developers have to host them on their own sites . Apple has abided , and the trial for the iWork suite is on the main Apple site I predict that the store is going to be huge . It has the same kid-in-a-candy-store addictive qualities of the iPhone and iPad stores , along with a few features missing from the mobile versions . On the Mac , for example , all your purchases are listed under a tab in the top toolbar . Finally , here 's a tip : Up in the Apple menu , on the top left of your screen , you 'll see a new entry called "  App Store . " This replaces the old "  Mac OS X Software " which has quietly been retired . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	The Mac App Store has launched as part of an OS X update It 's a standalone application rather than being yet another add-on to iTunes There are no trials in the Mac App Store , and submissions are subject to strict rules
CNN  More than two decades as a judge , prosecutor and defense lawyer could not prepare Susan Criss for the Texas murder trial of millionaire Robert Durst . The aftermath of the sensational 2003 trial of the scion of a New York real estate empire in many ways upended the life of the 54-year-old Galveston County-born lawyer who presided over the case . Durst admitted at trial that he killed neighbor Morris Black in Galveston and chopped up the body . There was the awkward encounter with Durst in an upscale Houston mall in 2005 . Durst had already been acquitted after his attorneys argued that he killed Black in self-defense . Or the time , month 's later , when the severed head of a cat was left near the doorstep of Criss ' home . Criss said she believes Durst was behind it but admits police found no evidence . Fearing for her life , Criss said she stashed handguns throughout her house in case of a home intrusion . She put away the butcher knives in her kitchen . There was the strange instant message that she said brought FBI agents and surveillance cameras to her home . "  I 've been living with this , " the former judge said in an interview Friday . "  It 's affected me in many , many ways . " The emotions came rushing back when Durst -- the focus of HBO 's true crime documentary series "  The Jinx " -- was charged with first-degree murder this week in the 2000 killing of his longtime confidante , Susan Berman . Durst 's lawyer has denied his client was involved in Berman 's death . "  Everything he does is totally unexpected , " she said . Durst , 71 , appeared to be preparing for life on the run when FBI agents arrested him in a New Orleans hotel on Saturday . In his room , agents found more than $ 40,000 in cash , a handgun , marijuana and a neck-to-head latex mask to alter his appearance . He 's being held on drug and weapons charges in Louisiana as he awaits extradition to Los Angeles . The last time Durst was accused of murder was in Galveston . Though he was acquitted in the death of his neighbor , Durst later served nine months in prison on felony weapons charges stemming from that case . Days before Christmas 2005 , Criss ran into the man whose real estate developer family is among New York 's wealthiest at Houston 's The Galleria mall . Durst , who was on parole at the time , was on his cellphone . He had his head down . "  I was glad because I could get my composure , " Criss recalled . It was the first time Criss had seen Durst outside court , "  in the free world , " as she put it . "  I needed to not show any fear , " she remembered thinking . "  I got my poker face on . " "  Hey , I know you , " she said Durst told her . He appeared startled and dropped his phone . Fumbling to pick up the pieces of his phone , Durst said , "  You 're Judge Criss . I did not recognize you without the robe , " she recalled . "  How are you doing , Bob . " Durst told her that he could n't believe she stopped to talk to him . "  I have a job to do but it 's not personal . " There was small talk about cases Durst 's lawyers were working . "  I thought , ` Oh my God , how do I get out of this ? How do I exit , ' " said Criss , who then wished Durst a happy holiday . Durst said he was impressed that she had stopped to chat . "  He seemed genuinely touched , " Criss said . She turned around and walked away . She wanted to look back at him but did n't want to seem concerned . "  I started calling my mom and staff and my friends -- You 're not going to believe who I saw ? They said I should call security . For what ? To tell them he 's shopping . " The Galleria mall was not listed on the places Durst could go during his parole , said Criss , who was a witness at a subsequent parole hearing . The former judge said police officers told her that Durst had also been spotted outside the home where Morris Black was killed . A secretary in the district attorney 's office saw Durst driving behind the Galveston courthouse , Criss said . A condition of Durst 's parole was that he could only visit places where his parole officer permitted him , Criss said . His parole was not revoked . When court officials called Durst 's lawyer Dick DeGuerin to inquire about his presence near the courthouse , the lawyer said his client was visiting a psychiatrist in the area . DeGuerin could not be reached Friday for comment about what Criss said about his client . "  There could be no good reason to come back to these places , " Criss said . She started to become concerned . In "  The Jinx , " Durst described the time he spent living in Vermont with his first wife , Kathleen , running a health food store in the 1970s . In 1982 , Kathleen McCormack Durst went missing . Durst said he last saw her when he dropped her off at a train station in Katonah , New York , and she headed to their Manhattan apartment . Her family said they believe she 's dead and that Durst is to blame . The case has never been solved . Durst has denied any involvement in her disappearance . "  It 's a nightmare watching it unfold because you could see that justice is n't going to be done , " Criss said of the Durst case and its many tentacles . One day in June 2006 , Criss said , that nightmare arrived on a walkway just feet from the doorstep of her home . She blames Durst . "  It was part of severed cat and it had been cut right behind the shoulders , " Criss said . "  So it had the head and it had the two front legs . It was a small , pretty little gray cat . It was placed very carefully . It was n't just tossed . It was very neatly laid there . It was perfectly cleaned . This had obviously had been killed somewhere else and brought here . " The animal 's head was perfectly severed . "  What was the key piece of evidence in our case that was n't there that would have given no doubt whatsoever that this was not self-defense -- the severed head , " Criss said , referring to Morris Black , whose dismembered body was recovered but not his head . Criss thought of the two dachshunds she had at home . She checked and the dogs were fine . "  I was in a panic , " she recalled . "  I was just distraught . " The police were contacted . Even the Galveston police chief arrived at the scene , Criss said . A veterinarian determined that the cat had been killed by a person . Forensic tests found no DNA under the claws . There was no evidence linking Durst to the incident . "  They thought I was paranoid and crazy , that I was overreacting , " Criss said . Galveston Det. Rick McCullor said he was part of the investigation but declined to comment further . In an email to the Bonnie Quiroga , head of the Galveston Office of Justice Administration , Criss talked about getting blinds for her windows and cameras for the courthouse . She recommended getting the door locks fixed . CNN obtained a copy of the email . "  His message is he knows where I live  and  this is what he is capable of , " she wrote . Criss said she thought about evidence at the murder trial . The medical examiner testified that the person who dismembered Black knew exactly what tools cut through muscle and bone . Then the judge started receiving instant messages from unknown senders . One said , "  Did you like your package ? " Criss contacted the FBI , which , she said , for nine months had cameras set up around her home . Criss said agents determined the message was sent from London . They found no link to Durst . The agent involved in the case did not return requests for comment . Criss started carrying a gun . Her parents always reminded her to keep her doors locked . "  There was a period of time after that where I not only did carry a gun , I had guns and weapons hidden throughout my home , " she said . "  What if he breaks in and the gun is at the other end of the house ? People did think I was crazy . " She hid the butcher knives in her breadbox . "  If something happen , I 'd know where they were , " she said . "  I lived like that . I believe that somebody really bad came to my home to send a message to me . " Criss ' obsession with the Durst case is such that she has been working on a book she wants to title "  Descent into Madness . " The final chapter keeps changing . "  Every time you think you 've reached the highest level of weirdness , we go again , " Criss said . She knows more than she needs to know about Durst and his peculiarities : How he used to prepare for court sessions in the holding cell doing naked jumping jacks . How whenever he 's arrested , officers find guns , drugs and stacks of Metamucil . She learned the reason for the last item from listening to 32 hours of Durst 's recorded jailhouse phone calls . "  This man , his day , every day of his life , is defined as a success or not a success by how going and doing No. 2 went , " she said . "  That was a part of the conversations with him ... It had to happen at a certain time of day or his whole day was shot . The court staff used to joke that rearranging the court schedule was going to upset Bob 's schedule . " A few years back , while Criss was campaigning for re-election and working the polls , a man approached her . Criss said it was a juror from the Durst trial , a man who had befriended the defendant , visited him in jail and dined with him at times . He must have seen a media report about the severed cat head . "  It seemed like he 's inappropriately happy to be asking me this question -- ` Hey , did anything ever happen about that cat head at your house ? ' " Criss recalled . "  I 'm thinking to myself : You son of a bitch . I lied . I know the police were n't doing anything about it . I said , ` Oh yes , the police think they know who did . His demeanor changed and he could n't get away fast enough . "	Former Texas judge says Durst case "  affected me in many , many ways " Durst is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of his longtime friend in 2000
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto on Saturday gave the United Nations ' refugee agency three months to relocate refugees from the Dadaab camp -- the world 's largest -- to Somalia , or "  we shall relocate them ourselves . " "  The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa , " Ruto said in Nyeri , according to a statement from his office . Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in eastern Kenya this month , killing 147 people . Kenya 's government says that attack was masterminded by senior Al-Shabaab leader Mohamed Mohamud , whose "  extensive terrorist network within Kenya " extends into the sprawling Dadaab complex , according to a Kenyan government document given to CNN . Students wake to Islamist militants ' terror Ruto , who is the second highest-ranking person in Kenya 's government behind President Uhuru Kenyatta , said his government has had discussions with United Nations officials about what to do with the camp . On Saturday , a U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees officer said the agency had not received any formal request from Kenya 's government about moving Dadaab . The U.N. refugee agency manages the Dadaab complex , having set up the first camps there in late 1991 amid Somalia 's civil war . The agency and the governments of both Kenya and Somalia agreed in 2013 on a process for the repatriation of Somali refugees . But that was supposed to be mutually agreed-upon and voluntary , in accordance with the refugees ' "  freely expressed wish and their relevant knowledge of the conditions " where they 'd end up , according to the pact . None of those things , it seems , applies now to the move pushed by Ruto on Saturday . It 's not clear where he expects the refugees to go , other than somewhere into Somalia and out of Kenya . Any mass move would be a monumental task , disrupting the already difficult lives of more than 600,000 Somalis who call the camp their home . Simply meeting basic needs is a challenge in the vast complex , which has seen devastating droughts , contagious diseases and other travails that have tested its residents and those trying to help . Still , as tough as conditions there are , they are seen as a better alternative to life back in Somalia , where Al-Shabaab is based and has carried out violent attacks for years . Yet the Islamist extremist group has n't confined its terror to its homeland , as illustrated by the Garissa attack and the 2013 siege of Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall , which ended with at least 67 dead . The Dadaab complex came under government scrutiny after the Westgate Mall attack , too . But just a few weeks later , CNN 's Nima Elbagir managed to go from Somalia to the Dadaab refugee camp undetected by taking one of the panya , or "  rat routes , " just like many others have done , Al-Shabaab sympathizers among them . Such illicit travel along porous borders as well as police officers ' willful ignorance of migrants ' fake IDs , as acknowledged by then-Interior Minister Ole Lemku , illustrates Kenya 's challenge in keeping out threats from Somalia . That 's why , in addition to moving the Dadaab camp , Kenya is building of a 435-mile  700-kilometer  wall covering most of the Somali border from Mandera to Kiunga -- a wall that Ruto says has begun to prevent Al-Shabaab elements from getting into Kenya . The deputy president also vowed that any businesses collaborating with the militant group will be shut down . These measures are in addition to Kenyan airstrikes on Al-Shabaab camps in Somalia in the days after the Garissa massacre . "  We must secure this country at whatever cost , even if we lose business with Somalia , " Ruto said Saturday . "  No politics , no games , no half-measures should apply , as the death of the 147 students must touch all Kenyans . " CNN 's Lillian Leposo reported from Nairobi , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta .	The Dadaab refugee camp is the world 's largest , with more than 600,000 people Kenya will change "  the way America changed after 9/11 , " deputy president says William Ruto adds that "  we must secure this country at whatever cost "
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  Shelling in eastern Ukraine on Wednesday killed four people , as fighting damaged a hospital and schools , local officials said . The deaths occurred at a hospital in Kirov district in Donetsk , the city council there said . The shelling damaged area schools , including a kindergarten . Kirov district was left without power . Wednesday 's deaths are the result of a worsening conflict between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine . Civilians increasingly are falling victim , with at least 224 killed and more than 540 injured in the final three weeks of January , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights said Tuesday . As the situation deteriorates , the United States is considering sending lethal aid to help the Ukrainian government fend off attacks from pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk and Luhansk regions . This assistance would come in the form of so-called defensive lethal aid , which could include antitank , antiaircraft and counter-artillery systems .	Four deaths at a hospital in Kirov district in Donetsk , city officials say Local schools , including a kindergarten , damaged by shelling
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Ten fraternity members at Tulane University face criminal charges in an alleged hazing incident in which pledges were repeatedly burned with hot water , cayenne pepper and vinegar , police said . Tulane University has suspended the Pi Kappa Alpha chapter , a spokesman says . Two pledges were treated at a hospital for severe burns resulting from the April 25 incident at the Pi Kappa Alpha house , authorities said . Seven students made their first appearance in court Wednesday and were released on their own recognizance , said Dalton Saywoir Jr. , spokesman for the Orleans Parish District Attorney 's office . It was unclear whether the three remaining students had been arrested or surrendered to police . The arrested students range in age from 20 to 22 . All 10 students face charges of aggravated second-degree battery , New Orleans and Tulane police said in a statement . New Orleans attorney Frank D'Amico Jr. , who represents one of the two pledges severely burned , said it happened at a "  Hell Night " ritual involving the 10-member pledge class . "  What they were doing was burning the young men , " he said . Fraternity brothers were said to have used boiling water containing pepper spray and a "  crab boil " seasoning mixture containing cayenne pepper . The water was poured on the pledges ' backs , he said . "  The ones who screamed first did n't get burned as badly , " he said . But as the evening wore on and the water grew hotter and hotter , the ones who had not screamed were severely burned . D'Amico said his client , who was attending Tulane on scholarship , suffered second - and third-degree burns to his back , chest , buttocks and genitals . He is "  bandaged up , " D'Amico said , and must have twice-daily burn treatments . The young man is unable to travel or take his exams and is attempting to negotiate with Tulane on postponing them , he said . The young man is "  obviously extremely traumatized , " D'Amico said . Tulane University has suspended the Pi Kappa Alpha chapter and will investigate the incident in accordance with its anti-hazing policy , school spokesman Michael Strecker said in a statement . "  The university has zero tolerance for any type of hazing or other incident which can potentially endanger the well-being of any student , " the statement said . "  Any fraternity member found to be in violation of the Student Code of Conduct will be held accountable . " Tulane is also cooperating with police , Strecker said . "  Such actions are nothing short of reprehensible , and are completely contrary to the mission , vision and purpose of our fraternity , if true , " the fraternity said in a statement issued from its headquarters in Memphis , Tennessee . "  These types of actions represent a betrayal of our core values and the trust that the men who were hurt by these events placed in their fellow students . " But it said , "  these injuries appear to be the result of a few unauthorized , misguided individuals and not the entire chapter . " The arrested students did not comment as they were led into a police vehicle while handcuffed , according to video footage from CNN affiliate WWL . Pi Kappa Alpha headquarters did not immediately return a call seeking comment . D'Amico said he is pleased that Tulane and law enforcement have taken swift action on the matter . His client 's parents sent their son to Tulane thinking he would be safe , he added , "  and they boil -LSB- the pledges -RSB- alive . " CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : All 10 students face charges of aggravated second-degree battery Two pledges treated for severe burns in Tulane fraternity hazing , police say Pledges were doused with boiling water , hot pepper , vinegar , attorney says Tulane suspends Pi Kappa Alpha chapter , promises investigation
CNN  -- The entire population of Taloga , Oklahoma , was evacuated Thursday because of a raging fire that has burned tens of thousands of acres , officials said Friday . Wildfire threatens a house in Edmond , Oklahoma , on Friday . All of the residents , about 400 , left the Dewey County town , but have been allowed back in , said Bill Challis with the fire department in Clinton , Oklahoma , south of Taloga . Clinton is among dozens of fire departments helping battle the blaze . Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday , according to the state Department of Emergency Management . A large wildfire also came within inches of homes north of Edmond late Friday morning and was still burning during the noon hour , CNN affiliate KOCO reported . Oklahoma Department of Public Safey officials also report that one to two city blocks of Weleetka , in Okfuskee County , were on fire , according to KOCO . The Federal Emergency Management Agency has approved the state 's request for federal assistance for fighting the wildfire in Dewey County , where Taloga is located . The original call about the Taloga fire came in Thursday at about 12:30 p.m.  1:30 p.m. ET  , Challis said . Officials do n't know how the fire started . Brett Russell , also with the Clinton Fire Department , said about 60,000 acres have burned . There are no reports of anyone injured . As of about 11 a.m. Friday  12 p.m. ET  , the Taloga fire was about 50 to 60 percent contained . About 80 fire departments helping battle the blaze , Russell told CNN . An Oklahoma Army National Guard Blackhawk helicopter was helping with aerial fire suppression , according to the state .	All residents of Taloga , Oklahoma , were evacuated because of fire Entire population of about 400 people allowed back in Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday Wildfire also burning near towns of Edmond , Waleeka
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Jordan 's ambassador to Libya was kidnapped Tuesday in central Tripoli , the foreign ministries of both nations said . Ambassador Fawaz al-Aytan and members of his security detail were abducted and his driver was injured , Jordan 's Foreign Ministry said . Libyan state news agency LANA reported the driver , a Moroccan national , was shot during the kidnapping . A spokesman for the Libyan Ministry of Foreign Affairs said masked gunmen in two vehicles ambushed the ambassador 's convoy and whisked away al-Aytan . A diplomatic source said the motive appeared to be to swap the ambassador for the release of a Libyan from a Jordanian jail . The prime ministers and foreign ministers of Jordan and Libya discussed the situation in phone calls on Tuesday , LANA and Jordan 's state news agency Petra reported . Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh said the kidnappers had not contacted his government , but he held them responsible for the safety of the ambassador . "  Through our permanent mission in New York , we have asked the U.N. Security Council to issue a statement condemning this unacceptable act that targeted Jordan and its diplomatic representation in Libya , " Judeh told Petra . In a separate incident , the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli said Tuesday one of its locally hired employees was abducted . Later , a senior Obama administration official said the woman , who worked for the embassy as a bodyguard , had been located . There appeared to be no connection to the embassy , and the incident occurred after business hours when the woman was with her boyfriend in his car , another senior administration official said . The woman escaped , flagged down a truck and was taken to a hospital , where the ambassador met with her , the official said . A diplomatic source earlier told CNN the employee was believed to have disappeared Monday night at a checkpoint . After the Jordanian ambassador was abducted , Jordan 's national airlines , Royal Jordanian , canceled its daily flight to Tripoli . "  Royal Jordanian is closely monitoring the situation in Libya following news that Jordan 's ambassador to Libya ... was kidnapped Tuesday morning . The airline will take the appropriate decision in regard to its operations to Libya , " the airline said on its website . Royal Jordanian runs 10 flights a week to Tripoli , four to Benghazi and two to Misrata . Militia groups have routinely targeted and intimidated officials in the fractured nation . On Sunday , Libya 's newly appointed Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni stepped down after he and his family were attacked . Al-Thinni was with his family when his convoy came under attack by militia members near where he lives in Tripoli , a neighborhood resident told CNN . After they escaped and entered the neighborhood near Tripoli 's airport road , heavy gunfire erupted in the area . Al-Thinni said he and Cabinet members will continue their work as a caretaker government until a new prime minister is chosen by the General National Congress , the country 's interim parliament . In October of last year , the country 's former prime minister , Ali Zeidan , was kidnapped briefly by a militia in the capital . So far this year , Egyptian diplomats , a South Korean official and a Tunisian Embassy employee have been kidnapped and later released in Tripoli . Al-Aytan is the highest level diplomat to have been kidnapped in Libya since the 2011 revolution . Diplomatic missions have been targeted in attacks both in Tripoli and Libya 's second city Benghazi , leading all western countries to shut down their Benghazi consulates . On September 11 , 2012 , U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in an attack on the American consulate in Benghazi . In June of that year , the convoy of former British Ambassador Dominic Asquith was targeted in an attack in Benghazi that injured two British guards . Security in Libya has deteriorated since the overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 . Government forces have been unable to rein in the hundreds of militia groups , which have competing interests , ideologies and agendas . CNN 's Ed Payne reported and wrote from Atlanta , with Jomana Karadsheh in Tripoli and Caroline Faraj in Dubai .	Jordan 's foreign minister holds kidnappers responsible for ambassador 's safety Masked gunmen attacked the Jordanian ambassador 's convoy , the Foreign Ministry says Libya 's Prime Minister steps down after an attack on his family Officials have frequently been targeted and intimidated by militia groups
Washington  CNN  -- More than a million people failed background checks to buy guns during the past 14 years because of criminal records , drug use or mental health issues , according to FBI figures . But only about 1 percent of federal background checks are rejected . Nearly 60 percent of those failing background checks , or nearly 578,000 people , were rejected because of a felony or serious misdemeanor conviction , according to information on the FBI website that was updated this month . Federally-licensed gun sellers are not allowed to sell a firearm without a completed review by the National Instant Criminal Background Check System . Universal background check : What does it mean ? Statistics show about 1 percent of applicants who failed a background check , or 10,180 people , were turned down for reasons related to mental health . Involuntary commitment to a psychiatric institution or an inability to manage personal affairs are reasons why someone would be rejected for mental health reasons . Vice President Joe Biden has led a task force that is recommending proposals to President Barack Obama this week to stem gun violence . One focus of the current debate is whether more can be done in the mental health area . FBI statistics show that 143,852 would-be gun buyers were turned down for domestic violence convictions or because they were subjected to a restraining order related to domestic violence issues , like stalking or making threats . More than 94,000 fugitives with warrants for their arrest were not allowed to buy guns . People with a history of drug addiction accounted for almost 81,000 denials . Almost 12,000 illegal immigrants also did not pass background checks to buy firearms .	More than one million people seeking to buy guns turned down over past 14 years Serious criminal record top reason for rejection of gun buy , FBI says Mental health reasons account for a small percentage of background check rejections President Obama will review recommendations on how to reduce gun violence
CNN  -- Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has rejected reports that the elite motorsport 's owner CVC Capital Partners may sell up . Media mogul Rupert Murdoch is lining up a bid along with Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim , according to Sky News -- which is owned by Murdoch 's News Corp. . But the 80-year-old Ecclestone , who runs F1 on behalf of CVC since selling his rights to the private equity firm in 2006 , said such a deal would not be in the commercial interests of the sport . "  Formula One is not for sale . And , anyway , we would not sell to a media company because it would restrict the ability to negotiate with other broadcasters , " he told British newspaper The Times on Wednesday . Ecclestone , who first secured the rights to negotiate television contracts for races in the late 1970s , said News Corp had not made any approach to CVC . "  If they were interested for sure they would have called me and they have n't , " he told Bloomsberg . "  If someone was to come along with an enormous offer , a lot more than it were worth , then they have to look at it . They have never talked about selling , though . " The current Concorde Agreement between the F1 teams expires next year , and Ferrari -- one of eight marques on the grid who made a failed breakaway bid in 2009 before signing the deal -- is reportedly among the parties seeking to wrest control of the sport from Ecclestone . The British entrepreneur has been helping German prosecutors investigating Gerhard Gribkowsky , who handled F1 's sale to CVC five years ago . Gribkowsky , who has been arrested under suspicion of fraud , is a former employee of state-run BayernLB -- which had a stake in Formula One up to 2006 . "  I have been co-operating with the State Prosecution Office 's investigation of the affairs of Dr. Gribkowsky since the outset , " Ecclestone said in a statement last week . "  When I was informed that there was a first suspicion in relation to my perceived involvement in the matter , I went to see the Senior State Prosecutor and her team in Munich earlier this month to clear up any allegations against me . "  I am confident that when the full facts have been established , I will be exonerated of blame for any wrongdoing . "	Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp reportedly interested in buying F1 rights The elite motorsport 's boss Bernie Ecclestone insists owner CVC will not sell Ecclestone says media company such as Newscorp would not be a suitable buyer He is aiding German authorities in probe of man who helped him sell F1 in 2006
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- Honduran soldiers shot out the tires of buses headed for a demonstration in support of ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya , a video obtained by CNN shows . This image from a cell phone video shows Honduran soldiers shooting out the tires of a bus . The video , believed shot within the past two days , shows a line of buses stopped on a road in what is reported to be the city of Limones . The city is about 70 miles  112 kilometers  northeast of the capital , Tegucigalpa . A noisy , chaotic crowd is milling around the buses while soldiers move among them . Some slight pushing can be seen . "  The people united can never be defeated , " many crowd members chant in unison . Gunfire is heard and the crowd grows quieter . More shots are heard and then the video shows soldiers shooting out the tires on a yellow bus . Air hissing from a tire can be heard and the video shows a flattened tire . Watch the soldiers shoot the tires " The recording was made on a phone camera by Zelaya supporter Oscar Baron and made available to CNN . Another video of the same incident was posted on the Youtube Internet site Thursday under the title "  Golpe de estado en Honduras "  Coup in Honduras  . CNN reporters in Honduras have received reports from Zelaya supporters who say troops have stopped buses bringing protesters from the countryside to prevent them from attending rallies in Tegucigalpa . Honduran military officials said they were unaware of any such incidents . "  I have not been informed of this incident . I can not confirm or deny it , " Honduran Army spokesman Col. Ramiro Archaga told CNN by phone . The military 's main job is to protect the nation 's borders , Archaga said , "  not guaranteeing internal security . " Hector Ivan Mejia , spokesman for the Security Ministry , said he had no information of buses being fired upon . "  Protesters will be arrested for vandalic acts but they will not simply be stopped on their way to protests , " Mejia said . The military removed Zelaya from power Sunday and flew him to nearby Costa Rica . Congressional leader Roberto Micheletti was sworn in that afternoon as interim president . Pro-Zelaya protesters have skirmished with troops in some parts of Tegucigalpa , but the incidents have received little mention from Honduran TV stations . Instead , the stations have given wide coverage to large demonstrations in support of Micheletti . The United Nations and the Organization of American States have condemned the coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated . The United States and most countries in Latin America also have criticized the coup . The United States and the World Bank have suspended some aid and many nations have recalled their ambassadors from Honduras . In an emergency meeting late Tuesday , the OAS gave Honduras 72 hours to reinstate Zelaya or face suspension from the 35-nation hemispheric organization . That deadline expires Saturday and the OAS has scheduled a 1 p.m. meeting to discuss the situation . OAS Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza arrived Friday afternoon in Honduras to notify "  stakeholders " of the terms of the resolution , the organization said . Zelaya , a leftist who took office in 2006 , has said he will return to Honduras after Saturday 's deadline . Micheletti said Zelaya would be arrested if he returns . At the center of the dispute was a referendum Zelaya had vowed to carry out even after the country 's supreme court and congress found it illegal . The nonbinding referendum could have led to the creation of a constitutional assembly to modify the country 's charter to allow the president to run for re-election . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , a Zelaya ally , won a similar referendum this year and many Hondurans thought Zelaya was trying to maneuver a way to seek re-election in November . Zelaya has denied that was his intent . Zelaya narrowly won the presidency in 2005 with 49.8 percent of the vote to 46.1 percent for Porfirio "  Pepe " Lobo . After 18 years of nearly uninterrupted military rule , Honduras returned to civilian control in 1981 . Since then , the military has not seemed interested in holding power in the nation of more than 7 million people , about 70 percent of whom live in poverty . Military interventions were once common in Latin America , but civilian governments have held sway since the 1980s . Before Sunday , the only other barracks revolt this decade was an unsuccessful 2002 coup attempt against Chavez , when the military displaced him but backed down days later and allowed his reinstatement . CNN en Español 's Krupskaia Alis and CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	Video shows line of buses stopped on road in Honduras Shouting is heard , some pushing takes place Gunshots ring out , then video shows soldiers shooting tires Honduras military says it has not heard of incident
CNN  -- Angel may be in a foreign country without her family , but the eight-year-old Ugandan certainly is n't shy . "  I like being on camera , " she says . "  I like it because it makes me feel like I can be president . " Angel is a member of the African Children 's Choir , which is currently touring the United States , and she 's on camera because the choir is the subject of a remarkable new documentary "  Imba Means Sing . " The film shares the experiences of Angel , Moses and the rest of the choir , in five countries over two years . Armed with incredible smiles , these children make you believe they 've got the whole world in their hands . Almost all the kids come from the slums of Kampala , Uganda , and by traveling with the choir most of these children are getting an opportunity not only for a great education but also to be the main bread winners in their families . Read more : Street children become stage stars Moses , nine , says : "  The  tour will change my life because I get to study more so that I can become what I want to be when I grow up . I did n't have many clothes and I did n't have many pairs of shoes and now I have them . " The Grammy-nominated African Children 's Choir was started in 1984 by human rights activist Ray Barnett . Barnett was called on to help the thousands of children who had been orphaned and abandoned following years of conflict . Barnett says : "  I felt a choir of African children , who were very underprivileged , could show the world the beauty , dignity and unlimited ability of the African child so they could see what their help could do . " The choir has successfully accomplished this for 28 years worldwide . As the director and visionary for the nonprofit , Barnett developed the team into an internationally acclaimed performing group while raising funds to help many destitute children . To date , more than 1,000 vulnerable children have been through the choir program . Funds from the choir have provided the opportunity of education and hope for many thousands like them in some of Africa 's most impoverished areas . Some of the graduates have gone on to become lawyers , doctors , teachers and even leaders in their countries . Read more : 10 must-see African films According to Julia Tracy , the group 's international choir director , the experience has not only raised future leaders for their home countries but has left an indelible mark on every nation in which they perform . For 20 years , she has watched their powerful performances be a force of inspiration and unity for countless audiences . She notes that this is one of the group 's strengths . They effortlessly create a relationship with the community and "  spread a different worldview , " she says . The film 's producer , Erin Levin , first met the kids at a fundraising event in Madison Square Garden . Reflecting on the experience , Levin says , "  I had always done this good stuff but never really had a reason to except that it was what I was taught ... and it made me feel good and I loved it . But , meeting these kids put a face and a heart and a name to everything . " At first , the journey of making Imba was a struggle . Levin says when she first arrived in Uganda to assess the production of the film she did n't have anyone to talk to . The girls in particular were shy and reluctant to talk with her . Angel and Moses are the stars of the film . The two were natural choices as they did n't hesitate to speak with Levin 's crew . Now three years into production , Levin says most of the children speak English and can read and write in the Ugandan Luganda language . The children have been grateful to participate in the group and continue to marvel at their experience . "  Being in the choir means I will have my school fees paid , because if I go to school I can be whatever I want when I grow up , " says a young girl called Patience . "  I need that to become a lawyer . " Read more : Artists take epic Africa road trip "  The choir is going to change my life by giving us education , " says choir member Kendrick . But funding the movie has been a real struggle . So far Levin has raised $ 200,000 . In addition to this , she still has to reach a goal of $ 400,000 -- of which she has only raised $ 200,000 . Levin hopes the film will become a movement . She says : "  The issue it addresses is not just the African Children 's Choir . It 's much bigger than that . It 's education . All the kids in the choir ca n't go to first or second grade . Then they tour the world and now their education is paid for through college so that is what we are shinning a light on . " Levin credits all her success to her crew : director Danielle Bernstein and director of photography Jason Maris . She is deservedly unabashed in how proud she is of their work . Her message to others : "  Anyone can follow their dream and follow their heart . I am just a normal girl who believed in something and is going after it . And , I hope that people will see this and be inspired to do the same . " Imba Means Sing is due to premiere in 2014 .	The African Children 's Choir helps vulnerable children The choir has toured the world , earning the children money and a better education The troupe are the subject of new documentary "  Imba Means Sing " Past choir members have gone on to become lawyers , doctors and teachers
CNN  -- The last time Arsenal led the English Premier League by as much as five points , it was February 2008 . So it 's no surprise that Arsene Wenger , whose last silverware came three years before that , is not getting carried away . The veteran manager knows , after all , that a few days is a long time in football . On Tuesday his team lost 2-0 to Chelsea in the League Cup , which many trumpeted as a sign that Jose Mourinho 's side had taken the ascendancy and would be the dominant force this season . But on Saturday Mourinho 's men crashed 2-0 to Newcastle , which had lost to the EPL 's bottom side Sunderland the previous weekend , and Arsenal earned a five-point lead at the top with a comprehensive win by the same score against another title hopeful , Liverpool . Arsenal 's pre-season target Luis Suarez and fellow in-form striker Daniel Sturridge barely had a look-in for Liverpool , which had scored 12 goals in the past four games . Santi Cazorla volleyed a 19th-minute opener after his header hit the post , and Aaron Ramsey joined Sturridge on 10 goals in all competitions just before the hour mark when the Wales midfielder was given time to shoot from outside the penalty area . "  I am always confident , but of course there is a long way to go , " Wenger said . "  Today was an important win for the team . "  It was vital to win , I said that before the game and I do n't change my mind , because had we not won people would say ` Yes , Arsenal at home they can not win the big games . ' "  The Chelsea game was an important game but not of the importance of today 's game . But still , it was a disappointment and it was important to respond today , to convince people that we can win these big games . "  We had a good solidarity , a good focus , and I believe we have plenty of other big games coming up and this will help us deal well with them . " On Wednesday , the Gunners will travel to Germany to face Borussia Dortmund in a match which will have a big bearing on the London club 's hopes of progressing to the knockout stage of the Champions League . "  Who would have said that Chelsea would lose today at Newcastle after Tuesday night ? But that 's the Premier League and it 's down to consistency , " Wenger said . "  We are consistent since the first of January 2013 , with the same group  of players  . We have shown since our massive blip against Aston Villa  at the start of this season  that we have been very consistent . We have 10 games , 25 points . " While Wenger appears calm , Mourinho admitted to being worried after the Newcastle defeat left his Chelsea side in second place , above Liverpool on goal difference . "  I 'm angry because I do n't understand it , " said the former Real Madrid manager , who won two EPL titles in his first season at the London club . "  Of course I am worried , and I read in previous years it happened the same . "  Chelsea were successful in cup competitions but not successful in the Premier League . Last year in December , they were not in the race for the title because they were already 20 points behind . " Mourinho made nine changes to his team , and complained : "  I made 11 mistakes . I should have picked another 11 and not this one . " While the Portuguese coach 's fortunes may have momentarily dipped , those of the Manchester clubs soared this weekend . Defending champion Manchester United won 3-1 at Fulham , the fourth victory in a row in all competitions for under-pressure manager David Moyes -- who saw Antonio Valencia , Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney score in the first half as his side stayed eighth . Manchester City moved up to fourth -- six points behind Arsenal -- with a 7-0 thrashing of third-bottom Norwich , having lost at Chelsea last Sunday . England goalkeeper Joe Hart was dropped following his costly blunder at the end of that match , and his Romanian replacement Costel Pantilimon has now kept two clean sheets following the midweek League Cup win at Newcastle . Sergio Aguero 's eighth league goal this season moved the Argentina striker to the top of the scoring charts alongside Sturridge , while Yaya Toure hit his fifth , Alvaro Negredo his fourth and Edin Dzeko his third among seven individual scorers . Stoke goalkeeper Asmir Begovic was also a notable name on the scoresheets after his wind-assisted effort deceived Southampton counterpart Artur Boruc after just 13 seconds . The Bosnia international became the fifth keeper to hit the target since the EPL began in 1992 , while Jay Rodriguez 's equalizer left Saints in fifth place , behind City on goal difference . "  As a manager that is the first time I 've had to experience a moment as unlucky as that , " said Southampton 's Mauricio Pochettino . "  I do n't blame him at all . I think it had more to do with the weather conditions . "  He did n't apologize for anything because he did n't have to . The wind was changing gusts completely all the time and it is a ground which is open on three sides , which makes it even more windy . " West Brom moved up to 11th with a 2-0 win that dropped Crystal Palace to the bottom of the table , despite nine-man Sunderland losing 1-0 at 10th-placed Hull . West Ham drew 0-0 with Aston Villa in Saturday 's other match .	Arsenal leads EPL by five points after beating title rival Liverpool 2-0 Saturday Second-placed Chelsea suffers surprise defeat by same score at Newcastle Manchester City up to fourth place after thrashing Norwich 7-0 Stoke goalkeeper scores after just 13 seconds against Southampton
CNN  -- Loretta Chaisson Lewis , 28 , was the first to die . She was reported missing on May 17 , 2005 . Three days later , fishermen found her body floating in a canal off Highway 26 in Jennings , Louisiana . Victims , clockwise : Laconia Brown , 23 , Whitnei Dubois , 26 , Brittney Gary , 17 and Necole Guillory , 26 . Her father , Thomas Lewis , recently posted a plea on a Web site established in September by the Jefferson Davis Parish Sheriff 's Office to draw attention to the killing of his daughter and the deaths of seven other women in the area . Police say the slayings may be linked . "  We love and miss her , " the father 's message said . "  She was a loving mother , wife and daughter . If you have any information about her death , please let someone know . " There have been eight killings in four years in a small town that averages one homicide a year . The victims ' bodies were dumped on the outskirts of Jennings -- population 10,546 -- west of Lafayette , Louisiana . Townspeople are perplexed . They 're asking themselves , "  Is there a serial killer among us ? " That seems likely , authorities say . "  Based on an analysis of the investigation thus far , we believe the homicides may be linked to a common offender , " Sheriff Ricky Edwards said in a recent news release . The victims ranged in age from 17 to 30 and had similar lifestyles . They were drug abusers who in some cases resorted to prostitution , "  trading sex for drugs , " Edwards said . The throats of two of the victims were slit and the others died "  from some sort of asphyxiation , according to the coroner 's office , " he said . The bodies of all but two of the victims were either nude or partially nude , the sheriff said , but the coroner 's office has not determined whether any were sexually assaulted . One month after Lewis ' death , the body of Ernestine Patterson , 30 , was found in a drainage canal . Two young women were killed in 2007 , Kristen Lopez , 21 , and Whitnei Dubois , 26 . Mike Dubois , Whitnei 's brother , criticized the slow pace of the investigation . "  How can there not be anything ? " he asked . "  I want justice , not just for my family , but for the families of all the girls . We live in fear that someone else is going to get killed . " But Edwards said his department and investigators from the neighboring parishes of Acadia and Calcasieu , the state attorney general 's office , the Louisiana State Police and the FBI are doing everything they can . "  This investigation is intense , " he said . "  We are following up on all leads . I assure you that we are working tirelessly to solve these murders . " In 2008 , the bodies of three women were found : Laconia "  Muggy " Brown , 23 ; Brittney Gary , the youngest victim at age 17 ; and Crystal Shay Zeno , 24 . Zeno 's mother , Sarah Benoit , posted this message on the Sheriff Department 's Web site : "  How beautiful you are . Your smile is forever a reminder of how special you are . It has almost been a year , but it seems like yesterday that you were taken from us . If anyone has any information on my daughter 's death , please come forward . Without closure , not knowing who could have done this is very frightening . I pray every day that God will give the task force what they need to solve these cases . " In the most recent case , the body of Necole Guillory , 26 , was found in Acadia Parish , off Interstate 10 , in August . Edwards believes this represented a change in the killer 's modus operandi . The bodies of all the previous victims were left on the side of smaller , rural roads . "  It 's likely whoever 's responsible changed behavior because of increased attention in the public and the media , " he said . Investigators think the offender has significant ties to Jefferson Davis Parish and is known to its residents , because he has demonstrated a strong familiarity with the area , Edwards said . Of the victims , the sheriff said , "  All of these young ladies had substance abuse problems and would go anywhere to fulfill their addictions . " But he said he stopped referring to their "  high-risk lifestyle " after the family of one of the victims expressed outrage and accused his department of not caring about the women . "  Jennings and Jefferson Davis Parish is hurting and grieving the deaths of eight women since 2005 , " the sheriff said . "  The investigative team continues to pray for Loretta , Ernestine , Kristen , Whitnei , -LSB- Laconia -RSB- ` Muggy , ' -LSB- Crystal -RSB- Shay , Brittney , and Necole and your families . " He encouraged anyone with information to visit the site , www.jeffdaviscrimes.net , or contact the task force at 337-824-6662 . In the meantime , the families continue to wait for news . Benoit , Zeno 's mother , has distributed more than 1,200 fliers in the community urging everyone to attend an October 17 prayer vigil at Lake Arthur . "  It 's called Community United in Prayer , " she said . "  Everyone is invited to pray for the victims and their families . It 's a healing for our community . " "  We try to shoulder each other up , " said Dubois , Whitnei 's brother . "  It 's not the time to be quiet . It 's time to say ` enough is enough . ' "	Eight women have been slain in Jefferson Davis Parish , Louisiana , since 2005 Police believe a serial killer may be at work Sheriff Ricky Edwards launched a Web site on the case last month
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier who escaped Army custody while facing a rape charge in California has been returned to Los Angeles County , authorities said Monday . Pvt. Daniel Brazelton , 20 , who is accused of raping a 15-year-old girl in Los Angeles , was captured at a motel in Daytona Beach , Florida , late Friday . He was returned to California the next day . Brazelton is being held on $ 325,000 bail and is scheduled to appear in Lancaster Court on March 23 , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . He escaped from military custody on February 11 while he was being returned to a jail in Hinesville , Georgia . He had been taken to nearby Fort Stewart for medical reasons , authorities said . It was not clear whether Brazelton had retained defense counsel .	Brazelton escaped on February 11 He is accused of raping a 15-year-old girl in Los Angeles Brazelton is being held on $ 325,000 bail and is scheduled to appear in court next week
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius ' fall from grace culminated Tuesday with a five-year sentence in the shooting death of his girlfriend . The sentence was imposed for the charge of culpable homicide , which in South Africa means a person was killed unintentionally , but unlawfully . Under South African law , he will have to serve at least one-sixth of his sentence -- 10 months -- before he can ask to be placed under correctional supervision , usually house arrest , instead . Pistorius was also given a three-year sentence on a firearms charge , but it was suspended for five years on condition he 's not found guilty of another crime where there 's negligence involving a firearm during that period . That count related to an occasion when Pistorius discharged a handgun under a table in a busy restaurant . No one was hurt . During his trial , the double-amputee sprinter often sobbed at the mention of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 's name . He insisted that he mistook her for an intruder when he shot her through a toilet door on Valentine 's Day 2013 . But there was very little visible reaction from Pistorius as the sentence was read out in the Pretoria court . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow in the last few weeks before his sentencing , Pistorius told her that he would respect and accept the decision of the court and that he was not afraid of imprisonment . He said he hoped to contribute while in prison by teaching people how to read or start a gym or running club . "  Oscar will embrace this opportunity to pay back to society , " his uncle , Arnold Pistorius , told reporters . "  As an uncle , I hope Oscar will start his own healing process as he walks down the path of restoration . As a family , we are ready to support and guide Oscar as he serves his sentence . " The Steenkamp family 's lawyer , Dup De Bruyn , said in a statement : "  The family is satisfied . They are glad that it is over and are satisfied that justice has been done . " Is the Blade Runner 's career finished ? Question of appeal The prosecution had asked for a minimum prison sentence of 10 years for Pistorius . After the ruling Tuesday , South Africa 's National Prosecuting Authority said it had not yet decided whether to appeal Judge Thokozile Masipa 's verdict that he is not guilty of murder . Pistorius ' defense had called for a sentence of house arrest and community service . There was no immediate reaction from the defense team on the sentencing . Both sides now have a 14-day period in which they can choose to lodge any appeal , according to CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps . On the eve of Pistorius ' sentencing , his sister told Curnow that the lives of everyone close to the trial have already been changed forever , no matter the outcome . "  No one who 's been close to the situation can just overcome it , " Aimee Pistorius said . "  It 's something my brother will carry with him forever and ... regardless of what 's happening now , it 's just a certain phase in a journey that will never end . " ` Mine and mine alone ' Giving her reasoning Tuesday , Masipa emphasized that the decision on sentencing would be "  mine and mine alone . " She pointed out that sentencing is not an exact science but relies on an assessment of elements , including the nature and seriousness of the crime , the personal circumstances of the accused and the interests of society . She said she would also take into account the factors in sentencing of retribution , deterrence and rehabilitation . In any case , she said , "  sentencing is about achieving the right balance . " What will Oscar Pistorius face in prison ? Prison not ` insurmountable challenge ' In her final remarks , Masipa dismissed evidence given by probation officer Annette Vergeer that prison would not be able to accommodate Pistorius ' disability , saying her testimony was based on outdated information and sketchy . She said Pistorius would not present the prison system with an "  insurmountable challenge . " The judge added that she felt that Pistorius ' vulnerability had been overemphasized in the evidence given and that his excellent coping strategies -- shown in his ability to compete with able-bodied athletes -- had been overlooked . He would be able to continue treatment for physical problems and mental health issues while in prison , she said . Factors in her decision In terms of the seriousness of the offense , Masipa said Pistorius had shown gross negligence in shooting into a small toilet cubicle , knowing there was someone inside who could not escape . He also knew how to handle firearms , she said , adding that these were "  very aggravating " factors . On the other hand , mitigating factors include that Pistorius is a first offender and remorseful , Masipa said . She also mentioned his contribution to society in giving his time and money to charities and inspiring others with disabilities to believe they could succeed . Perhaps seeking to preempt criticism from those who 'd like to see either a tougher or more lenient sentence , Masipa pointed out that the purpose of the court is to serve the public interest , not make itself popular . She also indicated that her sentence was n't affected by Pistorius ' fame . "  It would be a sad day for this country if the impression was to be created that there was one law for the poor and disadvantaged and another for the rich and famous , " she said . The judge also highlighted the loss suffered by Steenkamp 's family , which has had a negative effect on her father 's health . Steenkamp was young , vivacious and full of life at the time of her death , she said . "  The loss of life can not be reversed . Nothing I say or do today can reverse what happened , " she said . ` Sweetest human being ' Steenkamp , 29 , was a law school graduate who turned to modeling in recent years . "  She was the kindest , sweetest human being , an angel on earth , " said her agency , Capacity Relations . Pistorius , 27 , made history when he became the first double-amputee to compete in the able-bodied Olympics in 2012 . He was born without the fibulae in his legs , which were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old . At the London Olympics , he ran on special carbon fiber blades that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Even though he did n't win a medal , he became an inspiration to the disabled and a national hero in South Africa . He took home three medals from the Paralympic Games , held shortly afterward . The International Olympic Committee declined to say Tuesday whether Pistorius would be allowed to compete again after being sentenced for Steenkamp 's killing . " We take note of the court 's decision . This is a human tragedy for the family of Reeva Steenkamp and also for Oscar Pistorius . We hope very much that time will bring comfort to all those concerned but at this stage we have no further comment to make , " the IOC said in a written statement to CNN . CNN 's Emily Smith , Hilary Whiteman , Chris Eldergill and Faith Karimi contributed to this report , as did journalist Tony Wende in Pretoria .	NEW : Reeva Steenkamp 's family is "  satisfied that justice has been done , " lawyer says Uncle : "  We are ready to support and guide Oscar as he serves his sentence " Judge Thokozile Masipa sentences Pistorius to a maximum five years in prison Pistorius was sentenced for culpable homicide in Steenkamp 's shooting death
CNN  -- American Nate Henn , who was killed in the Uganda bomb blasts , advocated for the rights of children forced into fighting in the east African country , a California nonprofit group said Monday . The 25-year-old former University of Delaware rugby player joined the nonprofit Invisible Children last year and spent much of his time as an unpaid volunteer , traveling with the group around the United States , said spokesman Jedidiah Jenkins . He became close friends with one of group 's success stories -- a 20-year-old Ugandan named Innocent . Henn had arrived to Uganda last week on his first visit to the country . "  Now that he had shown Innocent his country , Innocent was going to show him his , " Jenkins said . Innocent , who was standing next to Henn at the time of the attack , survived the bombings , and tried to help Henn , who had been struck by shrapnel , Jenkins said . The nonprofit organization works with Ugandan children affected by decades of war between rebels and government forces . Rebels abduct the victims -- referred to as invisible children -- and force them to fight the government . Some younger girls are forced into sex slavery . Aid groups estimate tens of thousands of children have been abducted by one such group , the Lord 's Resistance Army . "  These are some of our Ugandan students who fell in love with Nate 's wit , strength , character and steadfast friendship , " said a post on Invisible Children 's website . "  They gave him the Acholi name ` Oteka , ' which means ` The Strong One . ' " Invisible Children Co-Founder Jason Russell said Henn was in Uganda to visit his relatives and work with the organization . On Monday , two Invisible Children 's founders headed to Uganda to assist in returning the remains to his parents in North Carolina . Henn , who lived in San Diego , California , joined Invisible Children through his sister 's work with the organization . He was staying in Uganda with his aunt and uncle who are missionaries and planned to meet up with the Invisible Children program later in the week . The program has now been postponed . Brenda Kibler , Henn 's longtime childhood friend and fellow church member , said she had e-mailed him after he arrived in Uganda last week , telling him she was thankful he was safe . The two took mission trips together in high school , including a visit to Peru . "  Nate was a very happy , friendly , outgoing person . He loved kids and he just loved people in general , " said Kibler , who lives in Wilmington , Delaware . "  He was always one of the first people to sign up for community outreach like Habitat for Humanity , missions , whatever . " Henn raised money among friends and family to travel to Uganda for a month -- a lifelong dream . When they chatted last week , Henn told Kibler he wanted to continue working with charitable organizations . "  He was passionate for doing the work that the Lord did and helping people , " Kibler said . "  I know for a fact he would be proud to know he died , living the life that he did . And that people are proud of him and know for a fact that he lived a selfless life . " Henn -- a native of Raleigh , North Carolina -- had worked with the nonprofit for a year and a half and raised money to help educate Ugandan students affected by war . Separately , Henn 's brother was hospitalized Monday after being injured in a private plane crash at the airport in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , police and hospital officials said . Jenkins said the brother was aboard the plane of a family friend , en route to be with Henn 's family . At the time of the bombings , Henn was with some of the students he worked with , the group said . Henn is the only confirmed American fatality -- five other Americans were wounded , according to U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley . The explosion killed at least 74 people , Ugandan officials said Monday . At least 85 people were injured , authorities said . The three explosions Sunday ripped through two venues , where crowds were watching the World Cup in the Ugandan capital of Kampala . The first one struck an Ethiopian restaurant in a neighborhood dotted with bars and popular among expatriates ; two were at a rugby sports center . Henn was watching the game at the rugby center , the organization said . CNN 's Sarah Baker contributed to this report .	Childhood friend says Nate Henn planned a life of service Henn was visiting his aunt and uncle who are missionaries Henn advocated for the rights of children forced into fighting in Uganda Henn is the only confirmed American fatality
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- You are about to meet Mr. Brown . David Mann and Tamela Mann -- a real-life couple -- star in "  Meet the Browns " as father and daughter . He 's David Mann , star of the TBS sitcom "  Tyler Perry 's Meet the Browns . " To borrow a phrase from the network 's marketing -- he 's very funny . Mann 's character -- "  Downtown " Leroy Brown -- is a lovable , sometimes outrageous and always off-the-wall senior citizen who has stolen every scene he 's entered in Tyler Perry 's plays , movies and TV shows . Mr. Brown no longer has to steal scenes , because TBS -- owned by CNN parent company Time Warner -- has ordered 80 episodes of half-hour comedy , based on the success of 10 pilot episodes . "  Just in case I 'm dreaming , do n't pinch me , " said Mann . "  I 'm living the dream . " "  Meet the Browns " is a spinoff of Perry 's "  House of Payne , " a sitcom that has yielded strong cable ratings for TBS , and it employs some of the same characters seen in Perry 's movies and stage plays -- including a play and film named "  Meet the Browns , " which is only mildly related to the TV series . The show focuses on Mr. Brown and his daughter Cora , played by Mann 's real-life wife , Tamela Mann , as Mr. Brown tries to turn his house into a home for the elderly . Those who have followed Perry 's productions know that Cora was the conceived during a brief fling between Brown and Madea , Perry 's female alter ego . "  If it had n't been for Cora , Mr. Brown and Madea probably would have killed each other by now , " Mann said . "  Cora is the glue to this whole thing . Cora keeps everybody grounded . " Mann said Mr. Brown 's speech and mannerisms are from a combination of people . "  Grandfathers , uncles , relatives , you know , different friends you see . " he said . "  I use to go to a nursing home and just look at people , watch -- ` OK , that 's how they 're doing this . ' " His biggest laughs come from his use -- or abuse -- of the English language which Mann refers to as "  Mr. Brownisms . " Manipulate becomes "  manipudip , " while hypnotize transforms to "  hepatitis . " "  You hear them as I spit them out , and it 's just like , ` What was I thinking ? ' " Mann said . Mr. Brown 's wardrobe , which is always two sizes too small for his protruding belly , is a bright-colored mix of thrift store specials . "  The clothes just kind of happened , " he said . "  Because , you know , you have that uncle or that relative in your family who just ca n't let the clothes go ? " Since Mr. Brown originated on the stage -- in Perry productions -- Mann had to adjust to the small screen . "  I 'm very animated and so I just had to make sure I toned that down for the screen because I 'm so used to making sure that the person in the front row can see as well as the person in the balcony , " he said . "  To bring that and condense it down for television was a transition for me . " Camera operators are challenged to keep up with Mann as he moves around the set , sometimes re-writing the script . "  One word can trigger a whole different thing with us , and that 's what I love about working with Tyler Perry , " Mann said . "  He gives you the freedom to go in there and create . If you see something that can make it funnier , he gives you the liberty to go ahead and do it , create it and make it funny . " Perry directs every episode at his new Atlanta studio on a sound stage next to where he also tapes "  House of Payne . " Mr. Brown never seems too far from Mr. Mann . In mid-interview , he emerges . "  Oh , he can come out any time , " Mann , speaking as Brown , said . "  All you got tuh do is say it , and he 'll come . Yeap , Mr. Brown is always ` round somewhere . You jes ' got tuh belieeeeeve . " The character is played about 30 years older than Mann , which causes some confusion out of costume and in public , he said . "  What 's funny is when people see me out they 're like , ` Are you Mr. Brown 's son ? ' No , I 'm Mr. Brown , " he said . "  But that 's good for the makeup team . " Perhaps the most awkward time is when he is on the set , dressed as Mr. Brown , and he wants to show his wife , Tamela Mann , some husbandly affection . "  She is like , ` When you put that makeup on , you are Mr. Brown , you 're not my husband . ' " he said . "  So , she does n't want me kissing on her and stuff . She says ` it 's like a dirty old man kissing and hugging on me . ' " You can also see Mr. Brown in "  Tyler Perry 's Madea Goes To Jail , " which hit theaters last month and has been a rousing success at the box office . "  They finally got Madea , " Mann said . "  She 's been to jail a few times , but this time Madea goes to prison -- or as Mr. Brown would say , ` prisnuh . ' "	David Mann plays Mr. Brown in "  Meet the Browns " Character known for his mangled speech , off-the-wall actions In real life , Mann is married to actress who plays his daughter on show
CNN  -- It seems George W. Bush can take a joke -- and tell one . But before the former President sat down with Jay Leno on the Tonight Show late Tuesday , the comedian turned his successor , Barack Obama , into the brunt of his hard jabs . Leno raked him over the coals over Obamacare . "  Better him than me , " Bush quipped afterward , relieved . He 's happy to be out of line of fire . "  Eight years is plenty , " he said . "  I do n't miss the spotlight . " Bush has largely avoided it since he left the White House in 2009 , and Leno could n't help but immediately pry into the reason why . Leno told the 43rd president that he was surprised that he agreed to appear this time . It was Bush 's fourth appearance on the show . Bush used the opening to land the first shot at the late-night host , who will go off the air next spring after 20 years on the tube . "  You 're about to head out to pasture . Just wanted to see what you look like , before you got to the gate , " he said to laughs . Bush , like most predecessors , holds tongue on successor Legacy Then came his serious answer . "  I do n't think it 's good for the country to have a former president criticize his successor , " Bush said . As he has often in the past , Bush said that history will judge his legacy . But he did n't appear concerned . Historians are still preoccupied with George Washington , he said . "  If they 're still writing biographies of the first guy , the 43rd guy does n't need to worry . " Leno asked him for some advice to the sitting President on dealing with tough decisions . "  You have to believe in what you 're doing , " he said . Family , faith and a good team helped him deal with the rest , when he was President , Bush said . President Obama 's approval ratings have taken a pounding in the wake of the technical glitches that have plagued the launch of the Affordable Care Act . Bush knows what public scorn feels like . But he said he did not take opinion poll numbers to heart . "  The only poll that really mattered was on Election Day . My first election was a little closer than I wanted , " he said , grinning over one of many moments of self-deprecation . CNN exclusive : Bush on AIDS , Mandela , Snowden and his legacy Retirement Retirement seems to have afforded Bush opportunities for fun and fulfilling charity work . He and his wife Laura travel often to Africa , where the Bush Institute runs health initiatives . Leno showed a video of Bush dancing with locals in Zambia , making them laugh , and photo of the former Chief Executive painting a clinic . It 's a good message to leaders around the world , Bush said . Bush : Obama ` ought to play golf ' "  If it 's OK for the President to be painting and scraping , it 's OK for them to be painting and scraping . " Bush joked that he has taken up a new profession since retiring from the Oval Office . "  I am a painter , " he told Leno with a straight face . Leno asked , if he would add that to his resume . "  You may not think I 'm a painter ; I think I 'm a painter , " Bush added with a sly smile . Bush made a gift to Leno of a portrait of the comedian , which he painted himself . He has been taking lessons in Dallas , and the results show . When he first met his teacher , Bush said he told her : "  There 's a Rembrandt trapped in this body . Your job is to find him . " Tweet of the day : Bush 41 , 43 hit the field	Bush is glad to no longer be President The former President has stayed quiet , because he does not want to criticize Obama , he said He joked with Leno about the comedian 's TV show coming to an end this spring Bush made a gift to Leno of a portrait of the comedian that he painted himself
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Africa is not a country , and Africans generally do not live in trees or hunt game with spears . Nor do they all walk around in the nude among lions and zebras . Chinedu Ezeamuzie shows some of his company 's Web designs after an interview last week . African immigrants to the United States say cartoonish caricatures and a Western media penchant for reporting on Africa 's disease , hunger and war -- rather than the continent 's successes -- trivialize their cultures . They complain they have trouble dispelling the stereotypes once they arrive in the States . They concede , though , the myths run both ways and some say they were surprised to find their values more often aligned with those of white Americans than African-Americans . "  I have been laughed at because of my accent and asked all the ignorant questions , " said iReporter Ajah-Aminata N'daw , 25 , of Fall River , Massachusetts . "  Questions like : Did I live on a tree ? Roam the jungles naked ? Have wild animals at home ? " N'daw emigrated from Dakar , Senegal , in 2001 . She works in a hair-braiding salon and has met African-Americans who share her values of hard work and family , but in most cases , "  we are raised differently , taught different values and held up to a different moral code . " iReport : Read why N'daw is not African-American Gaddafi Nkosi , 18 , recently graduated from The Piney Woods School , a historically African-American boarding school about 22 miles southeast of Jackson , Mississippi . He has since returned to Pretoria , South Africa , but recalled well the misnomers he faced in the U.S. "  I came down from South Africa and so many people thought that maybe that 's a jungle or maybe I 'd go out chasing lions or something like that , " he said . African , black students find common ground at Mississippi school " Nkosi 's American classmates acknowledge their misconceptions . Cydney Smith , 17 , of Nashville , Tennessee , said she once believed Africa was populated with "  uncivilized tribes . " Raphael Craig , 17 , of Hyattsville , Maryland , said the television misinformed him as well . Before Craig visited the continent in 2005 and 2006 , he thought of Africans as "  half-naked , running around with tigers in the jungle , " Craig said , confessing he was unaware tigers roam only Asia . But in Ghana and Nigeria , Craig saw children playing the same games he and his siblings played . He saw many signs of modernity , including Mercedes and other brands of cars found in the United States . "  OK , this country is running how we 're running , just two different schools , " Craig recalled thinking . "  It really opened my eyes to the point that everything you see on TV is not always the actual thing . " If the Western media are doing Africans no favors , then the African media are also a disservice to African-Americans because it portrays them as criminals , some immigrants say . Sandi Litia , 19 , a Piney Woods graduate from Limulunga , Zambia , said she was initially scared of African-Americans because the African media show them "  wearing clothes like gangsters and killing each other . " Nkosi concurred that African media "  made it seem as if they were these aggressive people that did nothing constructive with their lives except occupy prison space . " Trying to fit in Chinedu Ezeamuzie , 21 , of Athens , Georgia , arrived in 2003 . He had spent the majority of his life in Jabriya , Kuwait , and came to the U.S. to pursue his education . The recent Georgia Tech graduate said he considers himself Nigerian because his parents -- both from the village of Uga -- instilled in their four children strong Nigerian values of family , community , spirituality and self-betterment . Test your Africa knowledge with a quiz " In Athens , Ezeamuzie found his ideals at odds with those who shared his skin color at Clarke Central High School , his first stint in a public school . On his first day , he donned khakis , a button-down dress shirt and nice leather shoes . He caught the African-Americans ' attention upon stepping into the cafeteria , he said . "  They give me the look , " he said . "  Why is this guy dressed like the white folks , like the preppy guys ? " Ezeamuzie did n't understand why so few black students were in his advanced-placement classes . He did n't understand the de facto lunchroom segregation or the accusing glances he got for eating with white classmates . One classmate called him a traitor and asked , "  Do you not like black people ? " "  My whole life I had reaped benefits from being in different circles and bridging them , " so he wanted to fit in , he said . iReport : What are the unique struggles of being African in America ? He found clothes akin to what he saw many African-Americans wearing -- baggy pants and an oversized T-shirt . He relaxed his British-trained tongue and tried out for the basketball team , the 6-foot-5 Ezeamuzie said . Ezeamuzie recalled finding himself more confused by his experience with some African-Americans : Why were they so cliquish ? Why did they mock students for being intelligent ? Why were they homophobic and bent on using the n-word ? Why did every conversation seem to involve drugs , girls or materialism ? "  They kind of accepted me . They saw me a little differently , but I was thinking this is a very narrow mindset , " Ezeamuzie said . Ezeamuzie and other Africans say they feel African-Americans too often dwell on slavery and the racism that has persisted for more than a century since the Emancipation Proclamation . "  We have all been tortured , " said iReporter Vera Ezimora , 24 , a Nigerian student living in Baltimore , Maryland . "  Now that we are free , holding on to the sins of white men who have long died and gone to meet their maker is more torture than anything we have suffered . " iReport : Read about questions Ezimora faced when she came to the U.S. Values at core of misunderstanding ? Martin Mohammed , president of the U.S. African Chamber of Commerce , estimates there are 3 million African immigrants in the U.S. -- about twice the U.S. Census Bureau estimate . He has heard from numerous immigrants struggling to find commonalities with Americans who share their skin color . Mohammed emigrated from Somalia in 1998 and is now naturalized . He considers himself African-American , but "  it does not mean that I have already assimilated into the culture . " Values and upbringings may lie at the center of the cultures ' misunderstanding of each other , he said . Many Africans come to the U.S. to escape dire conditions such as poverty or civil war . Their objectives are often advancing their education or finding good jobs , Mohammed said . They also strive to reunite their families , or at least support them back home . Remittances from the U.S. to Africa total about $ 20 billion annually , according to the World Bank . However , African immigrants find that education and good jobs elude their African-American brethren , and there is a perception that many African-American men are n't committed to supporting their families , Mohammed said . The two cultures have much to teach each other -- especially politically and economically -- but they must accept they have something to learn . "  Honestly , what we need to do is realize both cultures are important , " Mohammed said . Myths thrive on ignorance iReporter Emeka Aniukwu , 35 , hails from Ebenebe , Nigeria , and said he has heard all the American misperceptions about Africa , but the cure to ignorance is communication . He began dating Sonya Roberts , 25 , of Austin , Texas , shortly after he arrived in the U.S. in March 2005 . She taught him about African-American culture , and he taught her about Nigeria . The couple married two years ago . "  Talk to people , stop showing ugly face and do n't be shy about your accent , " he advised African immigrants . "  Most of the media coverage about Africa is all about hunger , diseases and war , so what do you expect ? People are curious and just want to know , so calm down and educate them as much as you can . " iReport : Read why Aniukwu loves Africa-Americans At Piney Woods , where about 35 of the 200 students emigrate from Africa , the school 's president , Reginald Nichols , concurs that education is integral to understanding . He 's heard Africans say the African-Americans are aggressive , while the African-Americans accuse Africans of being reserved -- but the more they mingle the more they mesh , he said . "  You have the African students tell me that they have learned so much about standing up from the African-American students , and the African-American students said they 've learned how to simmer down , so it 's a wonderful thing , " Nichols said . Mohammed , too , said he 'd like to see more African-Americans dispelling myths about Africa , which is increasingly important as Africans in the U.S. begin wielding more economic influence . The chamber estimates African immigrants have about $ 50 billion in annual purchasing power . Numbers from the University of Georgia 's Selig Center of Economic Growth indicate the number is just behind the nation 's Native American community , which had $ 61.8 billion in buying power last year . The entire African-American market was estimated at $ 913 billion and the Hispanic market at $ 951 billion . History dictates that economic power precedes political power . Mohammed said Africans can learn much about politics from African-Americans because of their "  level of influence in Washington . " "  I 'm also interested to the extent that the black population can play a role in solving global conflict . We can help these discussions around the globe , but we must begin here in the U.S.A. , " he said . iReporter Faraji Goredenna , 53 , of Layton , Utah , said he encourages African-Americans to learn more about Africa and lend a hand to Africans so they know "  America 's institutions and opportunities are open to them , too . " iReport : Read how Goredenna embraces both cultures But he 'd like a symbiotic relationship , he said , explaining , "  We African-Americans want to learn more about our history and culture as it exists in Africa , but we have also created a culture for ourselves here that we ask our brothers and sisters from Africa to respect . " CNN 's Jackie Adams contributed to this report .	Senegalese woman says of two cultures : We are "  taught different values " African , African-American teenagers had myriad misconceptions of each other Nigerian says he tried to act like African-Americans to fit in , was still confused Key to dispelling myths about both cultures is education , dialogue , immigrants say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson appeared to be dead when an ambulance arrived at his home at 12:26 p.m. June 25 , 2009 , according to a paramedic and a security guard who testified Wednesday . "  When I picked him up , his legs were quite cool , " Los Angeles County Paramedic Richard Senneff said . "  His eyes were quite dry . " No pulse was detected , and the paramedics ' heart monitor showed Jackson was "  flatlined " as he lay on his bedroom floor , Senneff testified . Wednesday was the second day of testimony in a preliminary hearing to decide whether Dr. Conrad Murray will face trial for involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . Prosecutors contend that Murray 's should be held criminally responsible for giving the pop star a surgical anesthetic , propofol , at home without monitoring equipment . The coroner concluded Jackson died from "  acute propofol intoxication , " in combination "  the contributory affects of the benzodiazepines , " Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said . Murray allegedly delayed calling for help when he found Jackson was not breathing , misled paramedics and doctors about the series of sedatives and the anesthetic he 'd given him and that he tried to hide evidence when he should have been trying to revive Jackson . Murray told paramedics he had only given Jackson a dose of lorazepam to help him sleep and that he was treating him for dehydration , Senneff testified . When he asked "  how long the patient was down , " the doctor responded " ` It just happened , ' " Senneff testified . The paramedic , however , said "  it did n't add up . " Testimony Wednesday also included emotional accounts of crying and praying in the home as Jackson 's children and employees realized something was very wrong upstairs . Jackson chef Kia Chase said the first indication of a crisis was when Murray ran downstairs in a panic and asked her to send Jackson 's oldest son , Prince , and the security guard upstairs . "  His eyes were enlarged , " Chase testified . "  He was screaming . " After the housekeepers started crying , the rest of the staff joined them , she said . "  We started praying , " Chase said . "  We held hands , and we were crying . " Jackson 's two oldest children , Prince and Paris , watched from a bedroom doorway as Murray tried to revive their father before the ambulance arrived , according to Alberto Alvarez , who worked on Jackson 's security team . "  Paris screamed ` Daddy ! ' and she started crying , " Alvarez testified . Michael Jackson 's three sisters , parents and brother Randy listened from the second row of the Los Angeles County courtroom as Alvarez appeared to be near tears as he described the scene . "  Dr. Murray then said ` Get them out , get them out . Do n't let them see their father like this , ' " Alvarez said . "  I turned to the children and I told them ` Do n't worry , children , we 'll take care of it . Go outside please . ' " Alvarez testified that Murray asked for his help in collecting medicines from around the bedroom . "  He then grabbed a handful of bottles or vials , " Alvarez said . "  He instructed me to put them in a bag . " It was only then , about 21 minutes after prosecutors say Murray realized Jackson was not breathing , that he asked Alvarez to call for an ambulance . It arrived four minutes later . Jackson 's former security chief testified that Murray seemed not to know how to administer cardiopulmonary resuscitation as he waited for paramedics to arrive at the singer 's house . Faheem Muhammed said he and Alvarez saw Murray crouched next to Jackson 's bed "  in a panicked state asking , ` Does anyone know CPR ? ' " "  I looked at Alberto because we knew Dr. Murray was a heart surgeon , so we were shocked , " Muhammed said . When defense lawyer Ed Chernoff asked if perhaps Murray was only asking for help because he was tired , Muhammed said , "  The way that he asked it is as if he did n't know CPR . " Alvarez testified that Murray told him and Muhammed that he was inexperienced at mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . "  After the second time , he gave a breath , he said ` You know , this is the first time that I give mouth-to-mouth , but I have to do it , because he 's my friend , ' " Alvarez said . Jackson appeared to be dead at that time , with his "  eyes open and his mouth open , just laying there , " Muhammed said . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Walgren earlier said that Murray used "  ineffectual CPR with one hand while the patient was prone on a soft bed . " Using two hands with the patient prone on a hard surface is the proper method , he said . Muhammed , testifying Tuesday , said he never saw Murray performing CPR on Jackson before paramedics arrived and transported the singer to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center . The hearing , which began Tuesday , is expected to last two or three weeks , with 20 to 30 witnesses testifying . Judge Michael Pastor will determine whether there is probable cause to send Murray to trial . Murray remains free on $ 75,000 bond . InSession Producer Michael Christian contributed to this report .	NEW : Michael Jackson appeared dead when ambulance arrived , witness says NEW : Paramedic testifies Dr. Conrad Murray said he was treating Jackson for dehydration Paris Jackson cried "  Daddy ! " as Murray tried to revive her dad , witness says Murray delayed calling 911 for 21 minutes , prosecutor says
From fighting terrorism to processing payments in the blink of an eye , facial recognition is set to change our ideas on privacy . A number of exciting developments in the field could even push its toughest critics to reconsider . "  The more people get out of it , the more they 'll surrender to it , " says Manolo Almagro , senior vice president of digital for TPN Inc. . Almagro believes that people will only embrace a technology if the benefits outweigh privacy concerns . Facial recognition is a computer-based system that automatically identifies a person based on a digital image or video source -- which is then matched to information stored in a database . Often used in fictional TV-series such as CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , it is soon set to become a real-life tool for fighting crime . In 2014 , the FBI will roll the technology out across the U.S. after pilot testing is completed in some states . Facial recognition is a key part of the agency 's ambitious $ 1 billion Next Generation Identification System  NGI  -- a state-of-the-art biometric identification system that also includes iris scans , DNA analysis and voice identification . The mission is to reduce terrorist and criminal activity by improving and expanding biometric identification as well as criminal history information services . UK-based Dr. Chris Solomon is an advocate for the technology too . A professor at the University of Kent , Solomon has created an "  electronic sketch artist " system that has changed how UK police identify criminals . His method is currently used by 90 % of British police and in more than 30 countries . He explains : "  The key advantage here is that it allows people to respond to faces they see rather than having to break it down into component parts . " Credited with helping to solve hundreds of crimes , his facial composite software identifies suspected criminals in a new way . The system , EFIT-V , allows victims and witnesses to select the best and worst matches from a group of computer-generated faces . Based on their responses , the computer eventually "  learns " what type of face they are after and displays options accordingly . But facial recognition technology is n't always so straightforward . Identifying faces from closed-circuit-television  CCTV  footage can be challenging -- as demonstrated after the Boston Marathon bombings earlier this year . Marios Savvides , Director of the CMU CyLab Biometrics Center , told CNN 's Tom Foreman that low resolution can be especially challenging . "  When you look at images collected from standard CCTV footage , the faces are way too small , " he said in May . Savvides explained that it is especially difficult matching off-angle images to frontal facial photographs . The solution Savvides 's team has created is a system that transforms flat photos into 3D . He argues the ability to recreate a suspect from all angles will improve the reliability of facial recognition and also help police track down suspects faster . The luxury retail sector appears to see potential in facial recognition too . According to the Sunday Times , dozens of stores and hotels are testing the technology in the U.S. , the UK , and the Far East . UK-based company NEC IT Solutions , which also specializes in identification of terrorists and criminals , has created a system that analyzes the faces of potential customers as they enter shops . The system then checks this information against a database with celebrities and valued customers -- to help stores identify potential big spenders . Once a match is made , the software alerts staff via computer , tablet or smartphone . It can even provide details such as clothing size and shopping history . Almagro believes that consumers are likely to volunteer information about themselves online if it enhances their shopping experience and helps provide recommendations that "  make sense . " A Finnish company , meanwhile , aims to streamline sales by using facial recognition technology for payments . Helsinki-based Uniqul has patented a system allowing payments to be made without wallets or smartphones . "  I 've always been fascinated with how people purchase things and started thinking about the ideal way to pay as you walk into a store , " says Ruslan Pisarenko , the inventor of the idea . Anticipating potential customer concerns , Pisarenko says that he is n't too concerned the technology could be marred by security risks . "  We 've been thinking about this from day one . Facial recognition is secure by nature and is fundamentally a biometric technology since you need to be in the store to use the technology . " But not everyone has embraced facial recognition with open arms . In 2011 , Facebook introduced a controversial feature which automatically identifies faces in uploaded photos by comparing them to other tagged pictures . It was rolled out without warning -- a move that backfired in the EU as regulators and privacy campaigners forced the social networking site to turn off the functionality . In spite of this , Facebook recently announced plans to extend facial recognition to profile photos in other parts of the world . "  Our goal is to facilitate tagging so that people know when there are photos of them on our service , " Facebook Chief Privacy Officer Erin Egan told Reuters . Amie Stepanovich , the director of the domestic surveillance project at the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington D.C. argues that Facebook has the largest biometric database in the world , which could eventually compromise its users . In an interview with NPR , Stephanovich said : "  No matter how much a company attempts to protect your privacy , if they 're collecting information about you , that information is vulnerable to government search . "	Soon , you could pay for goods simply by showing your face to a scanner Government agencies are keen to use the technology , with the stated aim of fighting crime The FBI will roll out advanced facial recognition technology across the U.S in 2014 Critics warn of the "  compromising " risks of giving intimate information away
CNN  -- I 'll never forget watching Lady Diana Spencer tie the knot with Charles , the Prince of Wales , on July 29 , 1981 . Like most women in the Western world , I 'd been obsessed with "  The Royal Engagement " since the shocking announcement that Charles was finally giving up his single status at the fairly old age of 32 , to marry the adorable 20-year-old Diana . I was as naïve as the poor unsuspecting Diana and had no idea that this was n't a real fairy tale romance . I breathlessly read the stories about how the pair had met through her older sister , Sarah Spencer , whom Charles had once dated ! And I closely followed the endless speculation about who would design Diana 's dress . If you think that the media and the public have gone hog wild over Prince Williams ' wedding to Kate Middleton , you 'd be surprised by how we were whipped into even more of a royal frenzy by the Diana and Charles nuptials . Watch the royal wedding and share it with iReport After all , William and Kate have dated for eight years , whereas Charles was linked to a series of blue-blooded types and then , suddenly , was marrying an adorable kindergarten teacher who had also worked as a nanny . Diana may have been the daughter of the 8th Earl Spencer , but she was also the first relatable royal . Diana was just like us ! She was shy and pretty but not beautiful , and she was caught by photographers wearing a skirt that turned sheer in the sunlight . She 'd suffered a wardrobe malfunction that we could all sympathize with . So of course , I had to be one of the 750 million people out of bed on the big wedding day , watching the royal procession to St. Paul 's Cathedral in London . In fact , my husband and I honored the occasion by gathering for a 6 a.m. tea party around my friend Barb 's TV , along with several other of our friends . While we watched Diana ride in a beautiful traditional carriage to St. Paul 's , we munched on scones and clotted cream , and drank endless cups of tea . The guys all wore bow ties and top hats . My girlfriends and I turned out in old prom dresses and white gloves . Hey , we wanted to get fully into the wedding spirit . When Diana stepped out of her carriage , our mouths dropped at the sight of her stunning ivory silk taffeta and lace dress designed by the husband-and-wife design team , David and Elizabeth Emanuel . The unusual design of Diana 's dress , with its ruffled v-neck neckline , stunned us . It was unlike anything we 'd ever seen -- extravagant but but modest , with its big puffed sleeves and full skirt . And as romantic as it was , Diana herself with her adorable shaggy haircut looked perfectly modern . No one expected a bride to be sexy in those days , like many brides today -- especially celebrity brides . I hope Kate Middleton resists the temptation to go sexy or body conscious when she weds William . Hopefully , the reason she is dieting down to next-to-nothing now is n't because her gown is form-fitting . When I watched Diana wed Charles , I never imagined that I would get to meet her twice , in the coming years . The first occasion was when Diana hosted a party honoring English designers at London Fashion Week in Flare , 1987 . At the time , I was editor-in-chief of Flare , Canada 's fashion magazine . Diana greeted all of us in a reception line , with 5-year-old Prince William by her side . Little William looked thrilled to be standing next to his beautiful mommy in formal shorts and a white shirt , shaking everyone 's hand . When it was my turn to take Diana 's hand , I complimented her on what a wonderful job she was doing as Princess of Wales , and she smiled , looked directly into my eyes and murmured that her husband was a wonderful teacher . She seemed completely genuine and still very much in love with Charles . She was also charismatic and even more stunning up close , in person , than in pictures . She made me feel like she was thrilled to meet me . She had the same effect when I met her again at the Council of Fashion Designers of America awards in January 1995 , in New York City . Diana had come to present her good friend Liz Tilberis , then editor-in-chief of Harper 's Bazaar magazine , with an award for editorial achievement . Diana was stunning , and you could see her toned arms in a sleek navy gown . When we were introduced , she seemed completely engrossed when we chatted for a few minutes about how competitive the fashion magazine world was . I was the editor-in-chief of Marie Claire then , and Diana had the same effect on me as she had the first time we met -- she was far more beautiful in person than in photos . Everything about her -- from her skin and her eyes to her handshake and conversation -- emanated warmth . With a mother like that , it 's no wonder William wanted to marry Kate , a woman he knows through and through , and with whom he has an obviously warm and loving relationship . Having met Diana , I have no doubt she would have made Kate , her soon-to-be daughter-in-law , feel like her BFF from the moment William brought her home . If Diana were here Friday , she 'd be beaming to the Westminster Abbey rafters . There 's no doubt in my mind that she 's beaming in heaven !	Bonnie Fuller : The media and the public went hog wild over the Diana and Charles nuptials She says that after the wedding , she she got to meet Diana twice Diana was stunning , and you could see her toned arms in a sleek navy gown , Fuller says She says if Diana were here Friday , she 'd be beaming to the Westminster Abbey rafters
CNN  -- A prominent Sri Lankan rights activist controversially detained by his government under anti-terror laws says he believes his arrest was partly spurred by an international push to independently investigate the country 's human rights record following decades of civil war . Ruki Fernando , one of his country 's leading human rights activists , was arrested late Sunday night with fellow activist Rev. Praveen Mahesan , a Roman Catholic priest , in the former Tamil rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi in the country 's north . The men were taken to the Colombo headquarters of Sri Lanka 's Terrorist Investigation Division , held for more than 48 hours and questioned , without access to lawyers , before being released early Monday . "  I think it 's a deliberate attempt to intimidate and suppress any form of dissent , criticism or challenge , and clearly not allow people outside Sri Lanka to know what 's happening inside the country , " Fernando told CNN after his release . "  I anticipate that I will be subject to greater scrutiny and I am extremely worried about the safety and wellbeing of my colleagues and people I 've spoken to in the past . " The arrests drew a wave of condemnation from NGOs and foreign governments , with British Foreign Office Minister Hugo Swire saying they were "  not acceptable " and the U.S. Embassy expressing concern . Fred Carver of the UK-based Sri Lanka Campaign for Peace and Justice said the invocation of anti-terror laws was "  outrageous " and "  patently absurd . " "  They 're peace activists , " he said . Proposed resolution The arrests occurred in the build-up to a crucial session of the United Nations Human Rights Council this month , at which a resolution sponsored by the United States , Britain and other countries is expected to be tabled . The proposed resolution could call for an independent international investigation into war crimes committed by government forces and Tamil separatists during Sri Lanka 's 26-year civil war , which ended in 2009 , as well as more recent alleged government abuses in the five years since its end . The council has passed two previous resolutions urging Sri Lanka to investigate war crimes , but its perceived failure to do so has led some nations to call for an independent investigation . Sri Lankan police spokesman Ajith Rohana said Fernando faced three charges : selling information abroad , attempting to damage the national harmony between communities , and aiding and abetting the rebuilding of the Tamil Tigers -- the brutal militant group involved in fighting for a Tamil homeland in the north of the country during the decades-long civil war . The investigation had found insufficient evidence to proceed with the charges . Fernando said the first two charges , which appeared to relate to his work with foreign media to highlight rights abuses , suggested that their arrest was motivated in strong part by the impending events in Geneva . "  I think what happened to us is very much linked to the resolution discussion , " he said . "  I was repeatedly asked who in Geneva , who outside Sri Lanka , was I sharing information with ? It seemed very clear they took great care for other nations not to hear any alternative information or perspectives from within Sri Lanka . " ` Attempt to intimidate ' Carver said that , beyond the Sri Lankan government 's "  thumbing its nose at Geneva , " the arrests amounted to an attempt to intimidate those working to expose human rights abuses in post-war Sri Lanka . "  I think this is about sending a warning to human rights defenders that just because Geneva is going their way they have n't won , and more importantly showing them that they can not interface with U.N. processes without suffering consequences . So if an investigation is established , they better not testify . " But Rohana denied that there was any attempt to intimidate or punish those involved in activism around the U.N. resolution . He said the activists had been arrested after visiting a place of interest relating to the shooting of a policeman in the Kilinochchi area last week . Fernando , a Catholic from the country 's Sinhalese majority , denies any connection to the shooting or those responsible . He said he and Mahesan , a Tamil , had gone to investigate the facts surrounding the arrest of another activist in relation to the shooting , in the regular course of their human rights work . The activist , Jeyakumari Balendran , became a prominent campaigner against political disappearances after her teen son , who had been conscripted to fight for the Tigers , went missing after reportedly surrendering at the end of the war . She was arrested Friday on suspicion of harboring K.P. Selvanayagam , a Tamil Tiger-affiliated figure also known as "  Gobi , " after he shot and wounded a policeman as authorities closed in on her house , according to a Sri Lankan government memo to the U.N. Fernando denied any connection to Selvanayagam . Mixed fortunes The end of Sri Lanka 's civil war has been a boon to its economy , paving the way for infrastructure reconstruction and the return of tourists , and bolstering President Mahinda Rajapaksa 's popularity . But activists are calling on the international community to pay attention to conditions in Tamil-majority areas in the north and east of the country . A large military presence is at the heart of complaints of ongoing land expropriation , disappearances , sexual violations , arbitrary arrests and limitations on the freedom of movement , according to rights groups . Meanwhile an ongoing "  Sinhalization " process -- in which the Buddhist culture and places of worship of the Sinhalese community were replacing the Hindu landscape of Tamil areas -- was a serious concern , as was growing hostility towards Christian and Muslim minorities , according to a joint memorandum submitted by civil society groups to the U.N. earlier this month . In a report in February , the Office of the U.N. 's High Commissioner for Human Rights acknowledged Sri Lanka 's progress made in implementing some of the recommendations of the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission , its national mechanism for post-war reconciliation . But it noted the government had failed to ensure independent and credible investigations into past violations , and noted ongoing attacks on religious minorities and intimidation of human rights activists , lawyers and journalists .	Two Sri Lankan human rights activists held under anti-terror laws have been released Their arrests were condemned by the U.S. , UK and international rights groups Police say they were held after visiting addresses of interest in connection to a police shooting One of the men believes the arrests are linked to a push to condemn Sri Lanka at the U.N.
CNN  -- World number one Roger Federer is suffering from a lung infection and has pulled out of this week 's $ 2 million ATP tournament in Dubai . Australian Open champion Federer is set to be sidelined for up to six weeks and may not return to action until a big hard court event in the United States in March . Federer , who won his 16th grand slam when beating Britain 's Andy Murray in Melbourne , has been advised by a doctor not to play for at least a fortnight . He is set to play at the Masters Series event at Indian Wells which starts on March 11 , but may have to wait until the following tournament in Miami . "  There are no guarantees that I will play at Indian Wells -- this could be a maximum of six weeks , but if it 's treated properly everything should be fine and I should be back fairly quickly , " he told the official ATP Tour Web site . Federer , who is a four-time Dubai Open champion , had traveled to the United Arab Emirates to practice ahead of the tournament , but found he was struggling . "  On Wednesday I could n't get up anymore - and the next day I just was n't in shape at all , " he said . "  It 's a lung infection -- it 's the first time I 've had it - breathing is difficult -- I feel I am not fine , I 'm still very tired and slow . "  The doctors say it 's too serious for me to try -- and that I should rest for at least two weeks -- obviously I ca n't take any more chances . " Federer , who has a home in Dubai , was looking to regain his title from Novak Djokovic , who will now be top seed , with Murray also in the field for his first tournament since Australia . Czech Jan Hernych , who went out in the final round of qualifying , benefits from Federer 's withdrawal to go into the main draw . In men 's ATP action on Sunday , Sam Querrey beat fellow American John Isner in the final of the tournament in Memphis . Eighth seed Querrey , who had accounted for Andy Roddick in the quarterfinals , beat Isner , seeded sixth , 6-7 7-6 6-3 in a closely-contested match .	Nasty lung infection sidelines world number one Roger Federer in Dubai Federer is set to be ruled out for up to six weeks as he recovers from illness 16-time grand slam champion Federer was hoping to regain the Dubai title from Novak Djokovic Andy Murray of Britain is also competing at $ 2 million tournament
CNN  -- Like a lot of people , I think shopping is awesome . I 'll shop online , in a store , in a house or with a mouse .  Though it would have to be an amazing deal for me to pal around with a rodent .  For people who are n't keen on crowds or traffic , though , the Holy Grail of shopping days -- Black Friday -- can be intimidating , as the event is often rife with stress and overall chaos . But it is possible to banish stress from your Black Friday experience , if you have the right mindset . Good : Rest  and fuel  up Thanksgiving feasts are full of fun and family , but are also pretty friggin ' exhausting . If you 're planning to hit Black Friday sales , make sure to rejuvenate your body by resting or finding another way to decompress , like taking a long bubble bath . "  People understand physical stress , but emotional stress is just as taxing on the body , " says upwave reviewer and happiness expert Mary Steinhardt . "  We have to sleep or look for ways to recharge our battery . " Stress and lack of sleep are intricately connected , so it 's important to give your mind and body a much-needed rest in order to make the most of your shopping experience . Another of our most basic human needs is food , but people often forget to stay nourished when in bargain-shopping mode . Hunger causes anxiety and stress , so pack some healthy snacks -- like apples , bananas and graham crackers -- to keep yourself energized and full , and make sure to plan ahead for big-meal stops so the food you eat does n't end up slowing you down . upwave : Is stress making you gain weight ? Better : Keep calm and carry  some shopping bags  on If you have issues with crowds or claustrophobia , Black Friday can be pretty daunting . Kick the day off on a calm note with a little bit of pre-dawn meditation . Also , make a plan to avoid or limit stress by recognizing your stress and anxiety triggers . "  The best thing is to try to see -LSB- your stressors -RSB- coming on and remind yourself of your purpose , " says Steinhardt . She specifically suggests simple , short exercises that can be done anywhere , like deep breathing , counting to 10 , listening to music or even cracking a joke to lighten the mood . So if you need a break , retreat to your car or a fitting room for a few moments to find your Zen . It 'll help , really . upwave : 6 easy stress-relieving activities Best : Do n't lose perspective The holidays are supposed to be about  among other things  love , generosity and goodwill towards men , but on Black Friday these principles often get exchanged for stress and panic . Do your best to remember what 's really important about the season , rather than dwelling on missed deals or the guy with a million items who just cut you off in the check-out line . In fact , Steinhardt says , we can use these challenges to improve our reactions to stressful situations . She advises that you start the day  or early , early morning  with a resilient mindset and challenge yourself to have fun . "  When the stress hits , " she says , "  use it as an opportunity to grow and see what you 're really made of . Practice being who you want to be . " upwave : Tips for a stress-busting attitude So go out . Buy some stuff . Most importantly , have fun ! Even if you do n't get all the deals you 're hankering for , do n't stress over it . After all , there 's always Cyber Monday , right ? This article was originally published on upwave.com .	Black Friday , the Holy Grail of shopping days , can be intimidating Emotional stress from Thanksgiving dinner can be exhausting Recognize your stress and anxiety triggers , remember your purpose
CNN  -- The failed-startup story is familiar by now . A pair of Stanford grads come up with a million-dollar idea , let 's say Uber for cats . "  Mewber " joins a startup accelerator , builds an iPhone app , gets a few million dollars from a venture capital firm , moves into a hip office in San Francisco and hires a handful of bright 20-something employees . Things are looking great . Then they discover that cats hate cars , rarely have important appointments they need to keep and are all mysteriously using Windows Phone 8 devices . The product fails , and Mewber shuts down . Betaworks is a New York-based startup studio that does things differently . Instead of going all-in on one product , Betaworks gives multiple ideas room to grow , and even die , in order to single out the most promising sites , apps and tools . "  We try to fail fast and small , " explained founder and CEO John Borthwick . Borthwick describes Betaworks as a creative company of builders . Its employees work together in a studio atmosphere to conceive , build and grow multiple products at a time . If one idea is n't working , they can refocus their energies on something new . "  Every place I 've worked before has always been trying to make a specific product or company work , so you had no alternatives , " said Paul Murphy , Betaworks ' senior vice president of product , who formerly worked at Microsoft and Aviary . "  We do n't have that constraint here . " Many of Betaworks ' more popular offerings help people discover or organize news and other content , like Digg , Reader , Tapestry and most recently Instapaper . And the 6-year-old company recently branched out into games with the release of "  Dots , " a deceptively simple game that requires players to connect colored dots with swipes of a finger . The abstract and addictive iPhone game shot up Apple 's charts , attracting a million users in its first four days and 3 million users in the month since it launched . Betaworks says 250 million games of "  Dots " have been played . The company is moving fast to capitalize on the buzz and on Thursday released an iPad version of the game . Like most of Betaworks ' offerings , "  Dots " was created quickly  the team started in January  , and its design was kept minimal . To come up with a product , the team starts with a running list of about 80 things they feel should just be better , from weather apps to business cards . Every four to six months , they 'll go through the list and pick up to a dozen things that they want to prototype . After one month , they 'll look at the first version of the app or site and , if it addresses a need , get it into the hands of 100 beta testers . In the past four months the company has been focused on launching five small companies , part of its "  Hacker in Residence " program . In addition to "  Dots , " there is Giphy , a search engine for GIFs ; Poncho , a personalized weather app ; Blend.io , which allows musicians to collaborate on music online ; and Telecast , which lumps YouTube videos together based on the viewer 's specific interests . Even once they 're launched , these products can be shut down by Betaworks at any time . Killing off an app is n't a big deal for Betaworks , unlike a startup that 's pouring all its energy into a single idea . And instead of losing their jobs , the developers and designers just move on to the next Betaworks idea . "  What makes it easier for us is , we sort of celebrate the ones we kill off as much as the one we spin off , " Murphy said . The company also buys and rebuilds established tech properties such as Digg , Reader and Instapaper . When it bought the once-mighty Digg , that site cost $ 230,000 a month to run . Betaworks stripped Digg down and rebuilt it completely in just six weeks , creating a far simpler version of the curated-news site that costs only $ 19,000 a month to operate . "  If you think about the dynamic of what Digg was , a crowd-sourced news site , I think Twitter figured out a more scalable mechanism , " Borthwick said . "  What Digg was needed to be rethought from the ground up . " Some products are spun off into standalone companies , like traffic-analytics tool Chartbeat and URL shortener Bit.ly . Others have been sold off to large tech companies such as Facebook , Twitter , Microsoft and Zynga for a tidy sum . Betaworks also invests seed money in young startups , many of which , like Kickstarter , Groupon and Tumblr , have gone on to be hugely successful . The business model and minimalist approach to apps is working out swimmingly for Betaworks . According to Borthwick , the company is "  wildly " profitable .	New York startup studio behind the hit game "  Dots " has a unique business model Betaworks develops its own ideas and buys interesting startups to grow them Because the company is working on multiple products , it can kill the ones that do n't work On Thursday , Betaworks released an iPad version of its "  Dots " game
CNN  Dynel Lane , a former nurse 's aide accused of stabbing a pregnant Colorado woman , was charged Friday with criminal attempt to commit first-degree murder , unlawful termination of pregnancy , and other crimes for allegedly cutting a fetus from the womb . Boulder County District Attorney Stanley L. Garnett was unable to file a murder charge under state law , and he highlighted how the coroner found that the fetus did n't show any signs of life outside the womb , Garnett said . The victim , Michelle Wilkins , 26 , who was seven months ' pregnant , survived this month 's attack , which occurred when she went to a Longmont home to buy baby clothes advertised for sale on Craigslist . "  Now , I understand that many in the community -- and heaven knows I 've heard from a lot of them -- would like me to file homicide charges , " Garnett told reporters . "  However , that is not possible under Colorado law without proof of live birth . A prosecutor can not file murder charges when a baby who is killed has not lived outside the body of the mother . For similar reasons , I can not bring charges of child abuse resulting in death , " the district attorney said . The fetus ' lungs never inflated , Garnett said . The fetus ' exact cause of death , however , is n't immediately known and is expected to be revealed when the final autopsy report is released in six to eight weeks , he said . Wilkins and her partner , identified only as Dan , named the female fetus Aurora , the prosecutor said . Lane , 34 , appeared briefly in a holding room during an initial court appearance Friday , but she did n't enter the courtroom . Her attorneys waived a formal reading of charges at the hearing , which occurred before the prosecutor 's press conference . "  She could get a long sentence and very well could die in prison , " the district attorney said about Lane , adding he could n't immediately calculate the maximum number of years she faces if convicted of all counts . Lane was also charged with two counts of crime of violence , two counts of first-degree assault , and two counts of second-degree assault , Garnett said . Lane 's next court date , a preliminary hearing , is May 5 . She is being held on a $ 2 million bond . Earlier Friday , the Boulder County Coroner 's Office said the fetus was n't alive on its own after it was cut from Wilkins ' womb . The female fetus did n't exhibit "  any signs of life outside of the womb , therefore the circumstance is not being considered a live birth , " Coroner Emma R. Hall said in a statement . Friday 's finding came a day after prosecutors indicated that Lane would n't face a murder charge in the March 18 assault . Wilkins was released from the hospital on Thursday , relatives said . The coroner 's office performed an autopsy on the fetus and said Wilkins was 34 weeks pregnant . "  An autopsy has been completed , " Hall said . "  At this time neither the autopsy or the investigation have provided any evidence that the baby exhibited any signs of life outside of the womb , therefore the circumstance is not being considered a live birth . No evidence of trauma or injuries were found on the body . "  Final autopsy results will be released once all testing and further studies are complete , " Hall said . The coroner 's finding apparently contradicts earlier claims made in police reports that the fetus "  gasped " and that emergency room personnel described the fetus as viable . David Ridley , the 35-year-old husband of Dynel Lane , told police he found his wife "  covered in blood " in the family home and later found "  a small baby lying in the bathtub , " a Longmont police report said . "  He rubbed the baby slightly then rolled it over to ... see it take a gasping breath , " the report said . Ridley took the baby and his wife to the emergency room of Longmont United Hospital , and the hospital told police the baby "  would have been viable , " the police report said . But on Friday , District Attorney Garnett said that Ridley altered his earlier statement to police . Without referring to Ridley by name , Garnett cited how media accounts took note of the police report and how a "  witness observed Aurora taking a gasping breath . " "  However , upon a more thorough examination of this witness by the Longmont Police Department , the witness clarified that Aurora was still and her mouth was open , but she was not breathing , which is consistent with medical evidence from the autopsy , " Garnett told reporters . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	D.A. acknowledges that some people demand a homicide charge "  That is not possible under Colorado law without proof of live birth , " he says Dynel Lane is held on $ 2 million bond in an attack on a seven-months ' pregnant woman
CNN Student News  -- March 1 , 2011 March is Women 's History Month . The following discussion questions and learning activities can be used to help your students learn about the history and achievements of women in America . You may want to adapt each activity to accommodate your curriculum needs as well as the needs of students of different grade levels and learning styles . Discussion Questions 1 . When is Women 's History Month ? What are the origins of Women 's History Month ? What do you think is the goal of recognizing Women 's History Month ? 2 . Do you think that women are underrepresented in any aspects of modern American life ? Explain . Can you think of any professions in which women outnumber men ? If so , what are they and why do you think that this is the case in these professions ? 3 . What names come to mind when you think of women who have had an impact on U.S. history ? What were their specific contributions or achievements ? What can we learn from each of these women ? 4 . Can you think of any female role models that have had an impact on your life ? If so , how have these women influenced you ? Learning Activities Use these activities to encourage your students to learn about and appreciate the history and achievements of women in America . 1 . Women 's History Month Proclamation Every year since 1980 , the U.S. president has issued a proclamation regarding Women 's History Month . Have students consult the Presidential Proclamation section of the White House website to read recent presidential proclamations on Women 's History Month . Instruct students to create proclamations of their own using this year 's theme , "  Our History is Our Strength " . 2 . Women in Government Have students conduct online research to generate a list of some of the women currently holding positions in government , including , but not limited to , U.S. Supreme Court justices , state governors , members of the president 's cabinet , and members of the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate . Have each student select one of these women to research . Direct students to create a classroom or online exhibit that highlights each woman 's experiences and achievements , and illustrates how her position of power may affect the lives of other Americans . 3 . Witness to History What if CNN had been there to record the events surrounding the women 's suffrage movement ? Guide students as they use the Internet to research the struggle for women 's voting rights . Tell students to use the following questions as their guide : • What were the major events that led to the ratification of the 19th Amendment ? • Who were the key players on both sides of the women 's suffrage issue ? • What arguments were presented both for and against women 's voting rights ? Have students develop scripts for a broadcast news story on one aspect of this movement , ensuring that students include viewpoints from both the movement 's supporters and its critics . 4 . Women 's History Memorial Divide your class into small teams and assign each team one of the following fields : science , community , government , literature , art , entertainment , the military , sports and medicine . Next , instruct teams to research the roles that women have played in their assigned fields throughout American history . After teams present their information , instruct the full class to design a new memorial in Washington , D.C. that focuses on the contributions of women to American history . Standards Social Studies II . Time , Continuity , and Change Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ways human beings view themselves in and over time . V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies are published by the National Council for the Social Studies	March is Women 's History Month These questions and activities help students learn about the history and achievements of women in America These questions and activities can be adapted to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning styles
CNN  -- Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine agreed Tuesday to review the report examining the deadly 2007 shootings at Virginia Tech and to correct any errors based on what has been learned since its publication . Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and faculty members on April 16 , 2007 , then killed himself . Relatives of some of the victims of the 2007 shootings issued a statement Tuesday asking Kaine to reinstate the panel that investigated the nation 's deadliest shooting spree and prepared the report . Gordon Hickey , Kaine 's press secretary , said that "  re-convening the panel " would be "  problematic " because its members participated voluntarily and it seems unlikely they could gather again . Hickey said Kaine has asked families to send his office corrections or changes that they feel need to be made . And Kaine said on Washington-based WTOP 's "  Ask the Governor " program , "  I have made a commitment to the families of those who were injured and killed at Virginia Tech that the report that was done under my direction ... that we are going to open the factual narrative of that report and look at any information that has come in since . " The family members contend that the August 2007 report compiled by the independent Virginia Tech Review Panel contains "  grave errors , misinformation and glaring omissions , " their statement says . "  We feel an incomplete and inaccurate report does not respect our loved ones , or us , and is potentially harmful to the public , " they wrote . Thirty-two people , nearly all of them students or professors , died when 23-year-old Cho Seung-Hui went on a shooting spree on campus April 16 , 2007 . He then turned a gun on himself . Kaine announced last week that mental health records belonging to Cho were recently found at the home of Dr. Robert Miller , former director of Virginia Tech 's Cook Counseling Center . Miller has said that he mistakenly took the the files when he left his job there more than a year before the shootings . Kaine said the absence of the records was a mystery and a concern during the investigation . The files were discovered in connection with a civil lawsuit , he said without elaborating . The governor said his office is asking Cho 's family for permission to make the records public . Lori Haas , whose daughter Emily was grazed by a bullet in a French class Cho attacked , said she and the other families are seeking answers to new issues . "  New information leads to new questions , " Haas said . Haas , whose daughter survived and who was among those who received compensation in the settlement , said the report has errors in its timeline for the day of the shootings . Nearly all the families , including Haas , pursued wrongful-death and personal injury claims against the state after the panel 's report was published . The study concluded that more timely and more specific information from university officials might have saved lives . College officials at the Blacksburg campus were criticized for not immediately warning students and staff after two students were found dead in a dormitory at 7 a.m. on the day of the killings . Police said they initially believed that the two had been involved in a romantic dispute but later determined that they were Cho 's first victims . It was almost 9:30 a.m. before authorities sent an e-mail to students and staff notifying them of the shootings and warning them to be cautious . About 9:50 a.m. , Cho began shooting people in Norris Hall , an engineering and classroom building . While criticizing the university response , the panel -- which included former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge -- also said that quicker action by school officials may not have made a difference . The report also noted that campus and state agencies might have taken a different approach to Cho had his middle - and high-school records followed him to Virginia Tech , officially Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University . Problems with Cho reportedly began to surface well before the shootings . The records detailed his mental health issues , including a tendency to react to depression with violence .	Gov. Tim Kaine asks victims ' families to suggest corrections to report Families had asked him to reconvene Virginia Tech Review Panel They say report on 2007 shootings contains "  grave errors " Gunman killed 32 people on Virginia campus
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Raul Flores thought federal agents had barged with guns drawn into his home in Arivaca , Arizona , in the middle of the night . Shawna Forde , 41 , denies involvement in the shooting deaths of an Arizona man and his daughter . The woman and two men wore uniforms and identified themselves as U.S. Marshals . They claimed the house was surrounded . They said they were looking for an escaped prisoner , Flores ' wife told a 911 dispatcher . But there was no backup waiting outside , and no fugitive . The marshals were imposters . They had targeted Flores because they suspected he was a drug trafficker and they wanted to rob and kill him , according to the Pima County Sheriff 's Department . As the intruders searched his home , Flores asked one of the men why his handgun was taped . The man responded by shooting and killing Flores . "  Someone just came in and shot my daughter and husband , " Flores ' wife frantically told 911 . She tells the police operator that she was shot and left for dead with her husband , Raul Flores , 29 , and daughter Brisenia , 9 , who were both shot in the head . Police are not releasing the woman 's name to protect her identity . But her 911 call , released to the media by the Pima County Sheriff 's Department , tells the story of a deadly home invasion by a rogue band of impostors . As she describes the initial attack , the intruders return to the house . The door can be heard opening . "  They are coming back in ! They are coming back in ! " the caller screams . She has armed herself with her husband 's handgun . "  Get the f -- out , " she barks . The order is followed by the explosive sound of gunfire traded as the wounded woman and her would-be killers fire on each other . A man -- one of the intruders -- is hit and groans loudly . The attackers retreat and leave the woman alive and alone with her slain family . Hear gunfire on the 911 call " Twelve days later police have the "  marshals " in custody on charges of first-degree murder , burglary and aggravated assault . Police identified the suspects as Shawna Forde , 41 , of Buena Vista , Arizona ; Jason Eugene Bush , 34 , of Kingman , Arizona ; and Albert Robert Gaxiola , 42 , of Tucson , Arizona . As police put her into a car , Forde told reporters , "  I did not do it . " The Pima County public defender 's office , which represents Forde , Bush and Gaxiola , did not return CNN 's calls requesting comment . Authorities from five different police departments in three states are investigating crimes allegedly involving the trio . Forde 's arrest has had even greater reverberations across a community of private citizens who believe the government is not adequately protecting the nation 's borders . Forde was a one-time member of the Minutemen Civil Defense Corps , a citizens group whose self-described mission is to secure the U.S. border , before she started her own smaller border enforcement organization . The accusations against her have given more fuel to Minutemen critics who say the groups dangerously blur the lines between law enforcement and vigilantism . Forde was well known in anti-immigration circles . She ran a failed campaign for City Council in her hometown of Everett , Washington , that touted her connections to the Minutemen . She posted videos on YouTube of her border patrols and was an outspoken fixture at Minutemen Washington meetings and rallies in Washington state . But even among this gung-ho group of self-styled border warriors , Forde was extreme , both Minutemen members and their critics agreed . Washington human rights advocate Luis Moscoso said he had a run-in with Forde during a protest he attended at a 2007 Minutemen conference in Bellingham , Washington . While other Minutemen engaged in a dialogue , Moscoso remembered Forde shouting insults at the protesters . Moscoso later was shocked , he said , to find his photograph and address on Forde 's Web site . "  It was n't a bull 's - eye but it was close enough , " he said . The Web site was taken down after the arrests , so CNN can not independently confirm Moscoso 's account . Eventually , Forde 's tactics alienated even the most stalwart proponents of border security . "  The screaming , hollering , calling names , we do n't do that , " said outgoing Washington state Minutemen president Joseph Ray . "  She broke standard operating procedure too many times , she was too damn unreliable . " The Minutemen kicked Forde out of their ranks in 2007 , Ray said . Around the same time , police said , Forde became embroiled in several bizarre incidents that remain under investigation in Everett . Forde 's then-husband was shot in the abdomen by an unknown male assailant at their home . The couple later divorced . Forde next said she was the victim of a sexual assault . Later , Forde was found wounded in an alley where she told police she had been shot in the arm by an attacker . Speaking to the media about the attacks , Forde said she was being targeted by Mexican drug cartels for her work guarding the border . According To Sgt. Robert Goetz , spokesman for the Everett Police Department , Forde 's sister and mother told police something very different . They believed she invented or played a part in the violence against her and her family . Cast out from the Minutemen Civil Defense Corps , Forde formed her own organization called the Minutemen American Defense . Chuck Stonex was a member . Despite "  her cloudy reputation " in Minutemen circles , Stonex said , he and Forde got along well . Still , he said he noticed during an operation monitoring the border in Arizona with her in 2008 that Forde was well funded for the leader of a tiny group on the fringe of the Minutemen movement . "  She always had a lot of cash , " he said . Cash was what led Forde , Bush and Gaxiola to Raul Flores ' house on May 30 , 2009 , said Dawn Barkman , a spokeswoman for the Pima County Sheriff . Flores had a reputation for involvement in the narcotics trade along the border , Barkman said , and Forde devised a plan to bluff her way into his home and rob and kill him to finance her border patrol group . According to Barkman , it was Forde 's plan but Bush allegedly fired the fatal shots inside the Flores home . It was not Bush 's first slaying , police say . After his arrest in the shooting of Raul Flores , police in Wenatchee , Washington , charged Bush with the fatal stabbing of Hector Manuel Lopez Partida . Homeless and traveling through Wenatchee , Lopez Partida was killed in 1997 , stabbed seven times , apparently as he slept on the ground next to a grain silo . Police in Wenatchee found a blood-soaked shirt near where Lopez was killed . Eight years later , advances in forensics testing indicated that Bush 's DNA was on the shirt , a police affidavit said . Bush has "  long-standing ties to Aryan Nations groups , " the affidavit said , and he allegedly bragged to an unidentified police informant about killing "  a Mexican , " saying he and another man "  stomped " and "  stabbed " the man and "  left -LSB- him -RSB- to bleed out . " After the shooting at Flores ' home , the crime wave continued , police said . A couple who are friends of Forde 's mother was robbed at gunpoint of their $ 12,000 inheritance by men pretending to be U.S. Marshals , said Sgt. John Hubbard of the Shasta County Sheriffs Department . The victims , Hubbard said , identified Bush as one of the gunmen . Hubbard said police believe Forde helped carry out the robbery . In the next town over , Hubbard said , the home belonging to Forde 's brother was robbed on the same day . The alleged crime spree leaves Forde 's former compatriots feeling exposed and under attack . Stonex said he last saw Forde and Bush right after the shootout at the Flores home . Stonex helped patch a bullet wound to Bush 's calf . "  They said they were jumped by border bandits , " he said . He said had he known about their alleged killing of Flores and his daughter , Stonex would never have had anything to do with Forde . Now , he said , he and other Minutemen have been forced to cancel border patrol operations and wait for the scrutiny to die down . "  It 's given us a lot of grief , " said Stonex , "  I 'd build her gallows if I could . "	Woman , two men allegedly posed as federal agents in home invasion Arizona man targeted because trio thought he was a drug dealer , police say Raul Flores , daughter , 9 , shot dead ; wire calls 911 Among trio of suspects are woman with ties to Minutemen groups
CNN  -- "  Banchao ! Banchao ! " Save me ! Save me ! A rescue worker could hear the screams of a passenger on Air India Flight IX-812 , but the plane was consumed with flames . Fire was leaping in every part of the Boeing jet that crashed early Saturday in southern India . The rescue worker heard things bursting in the extreme heat , he told CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN . Then it was quiet , and he understood that no one else was alive . The Air India plane had flown in from Dubai , United Arab Emirates , carrying 160 passengers and six crew members . Among them were 19 children and four infants . Some people were returning home . An anxious young bride-to-be and a man on his way to perform last rites for his father were also on the flight . Others were migrant workers . Millions of Indians work as laborers in Persian Gulf states . Most perished , charred beyond recognition in the fiery wreckage . Only the aircraft 's tail was left intact , officials said . Rescuers scrambled to find survivors all day Saturday . Mostly they pulled bodies . The eight who survived recounted their harrowing tales for CNN-IBN . Ummerfarook Mohammed said the cabin quickly filled with smoke after the jet skidded off the runway and hit a boundary wall . The impact created a hole in the plane 's body , he said . He crawled out and ran for his life . Nearby villagers carted him to the hospital in a rickshaw . And then there were those who counted their blessings on Saturday for not having boarded their ill-fated flight in Dubai . Vasant Shetty 's friend had booked him on the Mangalore-bound plane , but he was too busy at work and decided not to take the flight . "  It 's all God 's grace . I missed the flight and survived , " Shetty told the Press Trust of India news agency . "  I do n't know what to say about the ill-fated passengers who were killed , " he said . "  I pray for them . "	Rescue worker heard a passenger 's screams 19 children , 4 infants were onboard Survivor crawls out of a hole in plane , taken to hospital by villagers "  It 's all God 's grace . I missed the flight and survived , " man says
CNN  -- For more than a year , there have been rumors that Amazon is working on a smartphone . Now , The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Amazon is actually working on two . The Journal reported Thursday that Amazon is "  developing a wide-ranging line-up of gadgets , " including two smartphones , one of which will have a 3D screen . Citing multiple anonymous sources , the Journal says the 3D-capable smartphone will not require special glasses and may even let users navigate just by moving their eyes . In addition to the two smartphone models , Amazon is also said to be working on a device for streaming music and a set-top box , the latter of which was also reported by Bloomberg BusinessWeek last month . Amazon did not immediately respond to our request for comment . Until now , Amazon 's hardware efforts have centered around its Kindle e-readers and tablets . However , CEO Jeff Bezos suggested in an interview with AllThingsD in September that Amazon was planning to expand on its hardware offerings in the coming year . "  We will certainly â $ " not any time soon â $ " but next year . We have some more things that we hope people will enjoy , " he told the publication . "  It 's premature for me to talk about them . " While it 's not particularly surprising to hear about Amazon working on a smartphone , it is a bit strange to hear news of a possible 3D-enabled device . Despite a fair amount of hype a couple years ago , 3D-technology has had mixed success at best in the consumer technology market . Amazon 's stock was up by about 1.5 % on the day as of publication . This article originally appeared on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A new report says Amazon is making two smartphones -- one of them in 3D Company also supposedly making music streaming , TV set-top devices Amazon did not respond to questions about the report
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- A pathologist hired by the family of one of two women whose mysterious deaths in Thailand drew worldwide attention says her "  lungs were 100 percent congested , " Jill St. Onge 's fiancee and brother said . Jill St. Onge died while vacationing with her fiance at a Thailand resort . "  He said her lung tissue was gone , " said her brother , Robert St. Onge . The pathologist has not determined what caused her lungs to fail , he said , and a final report on her May 2 death may still be weeks away . But members of St. Onge 's family said they feel the pathologist 's findings , though preliminary , are enough to contradict public statements made by Thai investigators that St. Onge was the victim of food poisoning . "  I am 99.9 percent sure she did not die of food poisoning , " said Ryan Kells , St. Onge 's fiancee , who was with her when she died . "  She suffocated to death . I am not a doctor , but I know when someone ca n't breathe . " Kells and St. Onge , both artists from Seattle , were on a three-month vacation through Southeast Asia when they arrived on Thailand 's Phi Phi Island . They had gotten engaged while on the trip and were keeping friends and family up to date with their adventures . "  Having a blast , " Jill St. Onge , 27 , wrote about the surroundings in a blog dedicated to the couple 's travels . "  Food , drink , sun and warm waters ... what else do ya need ? " The couple 's vacation ended tragically when Kells found his fiancee in their hotel room vomiting and unable to breathe . He rushed her to a hospital where she died . St. Onge was healthy and there was no obvious explanation for her sudden death , her brother said . Just hours after St. Onge fell ill , Julie Bergheim , a Norwegian tourist who was staying in a room next to St. Onge 's at the Laleena Guesthouse , came down with similar symptoms . She also died . According to Thai media reports , police there are focusing on food poisoning as the cause of the women 's deaths . On Monday , the Phuket Gazette quoted a police commander as saying blood samples from both women indicated possible food poisoning from seafood . Still , the commander said , those results were only preliminary . "  I do n't know when the official results will be released , " Maj. Gen. Pasin Nokasul told the newspaper . "  The lab work -LSB- is being -RSB- expedited because the embassies of the two tourists want to know the cause of death as soon as possible . " Kells response to Nokasul 's statement was harsh . "  That she died of food poisoning is a ridiculous statement to make , " he said , adding it is unlikely they would have been "  the only ones affected . " Dr. William Hurley , medical director for the Washington Poison Center , is also skeptical that food poisoning could have been responsible . In food poisoning cases , he said , "  usually what kills you is the dehydration , not the toxin . " He added , "  Food poisoning is not something that typically kills someone this quickly . It takes days . " Ingestion of a variety of chemicals could have caused Onge and Bergheim 's sudden deaths , Hurley said , and could be consistent with the condition of Onge 's lungs . But without further information , he said , it is impossible to say what killed the two women . Kells said he thinks something in the hotel where they were where staying made Jill sick . He remembers a "  chemical smell " in the room and thinks he avoided becoming ill because he spent less time in the room . On Saturday , the Phuket Wan newspaper reported that investigators visited the Laleena Guesthouse , taking samples and removing filters from the air conditioning units in the rooms where both victims had stayed . Rat Chuped , the owner of the hotel , told the newspaper her property was not to blame . "  There is no problem with my guesthouse , " she said .	Seattle woman is one of 2 tourists who died of unknown causes Family says pathologist says her "  lungs were 100 percent congested " Thai officials have been focusing on food poisoning as cause of death
On March 19 , 2003 , Iraq was invaded by an "  alliance of willing states " headed by the U.S. and UK . My U.N. inspection team and I had seen it coming -- and I felt an emptiness when , three days before the invasion , an American official called me to "  ask " that we withdraw from the country . While we were sad to be ushered out in the midst of a job entrusted to us by the U.N. Security Council -- one that we were doing well -- there was a certain relief in knowing we had all made it out safely . We had worried that our inspectors might be taken hostage , but as it turned out the Iraqis had been very helpful during our time there . So it was that a few hundred unarmed U.N. inspectors left Iraq , to be replaced by hundreds of thousands of soldiers who began an occupation that would have a horrendous cost in lives , suffering and resources . FULL COVERAGE : The Iraq War , 10 years on I headed the U.N. inspections in Iraq at the time of the war 10 years ago . Today , I look again at the reasons why this terrible mistake -- and violation of the U.N. charter -- took place and explore if any lessons be drawn . Here are my thoughts . After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , George W. Bush 's administration felt a need to let the weight and wrath of the world 's only superpower fall on more evil actors than just Afghanistan 's Taliban regime . No target could have seemed more worthy of being crushed than Iraq 's brutal dictator , Saddam Hussein . Sadly , however , the elimination of this tyrant was perhaps the only positive result of the war . The war aimed to eliminate weapons of mass destruction , but there were n't any . The war aimed to eliminate al Qaeda in Iraq , but the terrorist group did n't exist in the country until after the invasion . The war aimed to make Iraq a model democracy based on law , but it replaced tyranny with anarchy and led America to practices that violated the laws of war . The war aimed to transform Iraq to a friendly base for U.S. troops capable to act , if needed , against Iran -- but instead it gave Iran a new ally in Baghdad . WATCH NOW : Iraq 's phantom WMD The Bush administration certainly wanted to go to war , and it advanced eradication of weapons of mass destruction as the main reason . As Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz has since explained , it was the only rationale that was acceptable to all parts of the U.S. administration . The WMDs argument also carried weight with the public and with the U.S. Congress . Indeed , in the autumn of 2002 the threat seemed credible . While I never believed Saddam could have concealed a continued nuclear program , I too thought there could still be some biological and chemical weapons left from Iraq 's war with Iran . If not , why had Iraq stopped U.N. inspections at many places around the country throughout the 1990s ? However , suspicions are one thing and reality is quite another . U.N. inspectors were asked to search for , report and destroy real weapons . As we found no weapons and no evidence supporting the suspicions , we reported this . But U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfield dismissed our reports with one of his wittier retorts : "  The absence of evidence is not evidence of absence . " Rumsfeld 's logic was correct , I believe , but it was no excuse for the American and British governments to mislead themselves and the world , as they did , by giving credit to fake evidence or assuming that if weapons items were "  unaccounted for " that they must exist . They did not exist . We inspected many hundred of sites , including dozens that had been suggested to us by various governments ' national intelligence organizations . In a few cases we found conventional weapons -- but no weapons of mass destruction . The governments that launched the war claimed to be 100 % convinced that there were such weapons , but they had 0 % knowledge of where these weapons were . I am not suggesting that governments should ignore information coming from their billion dollar intelligence programs . Such information is indispensable and collected with many means that are not available to U.N. inspectors . However , I think one lesson from the Iraq war is that we should pay equal attention to the results of multimillion dollar international reports that are based on extensive professional inspections on the ground . In 2003 , the alliance of willing states did not do that . After the war it was reported that I and several others in New York had had our offices bugged during this period . If I was bugged , as I find very likely , I regret that those listening in did not pay more attention to what I had to say . FAREED ZAKARIA : 5 lessons of the Iraq War Fortunately , enough states did listen , and the U.N. Security Council was saved from green-lighting a war that was justified by false evidence . The political leaders who have been criticized as responsible for launching the war on false premises have asserted that they acted in good faith , and that interrogation of leading Iraqis showed that the regime planned to revive its weapons program as soon as sanctions disappeared . I am not questioning the good faith of the political leaders , but rather their poor judgment in bringing war and death to a country on flimsy grounds . On February 11 -- less than five weeks before the invasion -- I told U.S. national security adviser Condoleezza Rice I was n't terribly impressed by the intelligence we had received from the U.S. , and that there had been no weapons of mass destruction at any of the sites we had been recommended by American forces . Her response was that it was Iraq , and not the intelligence , that was on trial . ARWA DAMON : Iraq suffocates in cloak of sorrow And during a telephone chat with Tony Blair on February 20 , I told the British prime minister that it would be paradoxical and absurd if a quarter of a million troops were to invade Iraq and find very little in the way of weapons . He responded by telling me intelligence was clear that Saddam had reconstituted his weapons of mass destruction program . At any rate , whatever view one took of the evidence of weapons , no one could believe in 2003 that prostrate Iraq was a threat to any other state . I can not judge whether Iraqi prisoners were sincere when they talked about Saddam Hussein 's intentions to revive weapons programs after the end of sanctions . They might have said what they thought their Western interrogators wanted to hear . Either way , the risk of a revived weapons program was remote and hypothetical -- and the U.N. foresaw a system of reinforced monitoring to continue in Iraq and to provide an alarm bell even after a lifting of sanctions . The most important lesson of the Iraq War , I think , has been that an overconfidence in military power has been replaced by an understanding that there are severe limitations on what can be achieved by military means . OPINION : Media 's failure on Iraq still stings Intervening swiftly with arms and crippling strikes might be easy for a great power , but achieving desired political aims is another matter and exiting may be hard -- the phrase "  If you break it , you own it " comes to mind . Vietnam , Afghanistan and Iraq have been long and costly engagements with very mixed results . Since then prudence has held the U.S. back in the case of Libya and so far in Syria . Another important lesson is that today armed international interventions are likely to be condemned by much of the world unless they are clearly in self-defense or have been authorized by the Security Council . Iraq was neither . Unless we remember this going forward , I fear there is nothing stopping this kind of tragedy from being repeated .	Blix : Lead-up to war shows we must rely on international inspectors ' reports War aimed to eliminate non-existent WMD , but ended up replacing tyranny with anarchy Blix : Invading a country is easy for great power , but achieving political aims is more difficult Blix : It is likely my U.N. office in New York was bugged in lead-up to invasion of Iraq
CNN  -- His was a suicide with a macabre twist . In February , former Chicago Bears safety David Duerson shot himself in the chest , but not before leaving behind a note requesting that his brain be studied for evidence of a disease striking football players . The plaintive note read , "  Please , see that my brain is given to the NFL 's brain bank . " Scientists announced Monday that Duerson 's brain tissue showed "  moderately advanced " evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a dementia-like brain disease afflicting athletes exposed to repeated brain trauma . "  Dave Duerson had classic pathology of CTE and no evidence of any other disease , " said Dr. Ann McKee , a neuropathologist with the Bedford VA medical center , and co-director of the Boston University School of Medicine Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy . "  He had severe involvement of areas that control judgment , inhibition , impulse control , mood and memory . " CTE has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players thus far studied at the Boston University center . Their cases share a common thread -- repeated concussions , sub-concussive blows to the head , or both . The picture beginning to emerge from these cases is that that trauma could be causing brain damage . A brain with CTE is riddled with dense clumps of a protein called tau . Under a microscope , tau appears as brown tangles that look similar to dementia . But the cases of CTE have shown this progressive , dementia-like array in players well in advance of a typical dementia diagnosis , which typically occurs when people are in their 70s or 80s . Mike Webster , an offensive lineman with the Pittsburgh Steelers and also diagnosed posthumously with CTE , was 50 when he died . John Grimsley , a nine-year NFL veteran who played most of his career with the Houston Oilers was 45 , and Duerson was 50 . Scientists at BU have found evidence of CTE in the brain of an athlete as young as 18 . "  To see the kind of changes we 're seeing in 45-year-olds is basically unheard of , " McKee said in an earlier interview with CNN . Duerson suffered a minimum of 10 known concussions during the course of his career , some of them involving loss of consciousness , said Dr. Robert Stern , co-director of the Boston University center . Symptoms that nagged Duerson after he retired from the NFL in 1993 were typical of cases such as Webster and Grimsley , including problems with impulse control , an increasingly short fuse and headaches . Duerson 's ex-wife said that while playing professionally , the head trauma he bore on the field would become plain after games ended . "  Sometimes he would come home with extreme headaches , " said Alicia Duerson during an interview with CNN in February . "  We would meet after the game and he would want me to drive because he felt dizziness or he just did n't feel stable . " Alicia Duerson said that several years before he died , her husband had been extremely bright , articulate , gifted . But as time wore on , he began to lose those faculties . Duerson began to have trouble forming coherent sentences and spelling . Alongside cognitive and emotional problems , a business that he established after his NFL career began failing . The tragic culmination of his problems was his suicide on February 17 . "  We do seem to be seeing an increased rate in athletes who have early and moderate stage CTE , " said McKee , adding the caveat that the BU sample is autopsy-based and therefore inherently biased . Duerson 's death , and specifically the decision to shoot himself in the chest , apparently to avoid damaging his brain tissue , shocked members of his family and the football community . Duerson 's case is the first in the CTE narrative in which a player ostensibly took his own life to have his brain studied . "  It 's important for people to understand that it does not help our research or our mission of the CSTE to take their own lives because they fear they have this disease , " said Stern . "  The future will lead to successful treatment of this disease . " Duerson 's son Tregg said that the analysis of his father 's brain -- the answers to questions about death -- has given the family a measure of closure . "  It is my greatest hope that his death will not be in vain and that through this research his legacy will live on and others wo n't have to suffer in this manner , " Tregg Duerson said .	David Duerson shot himself in the chest in February He wanted his brain tissue to be studied Tests reveal he was suffering from chronic traumatic encephalopathy The disease is known to afflict athletes exposed to repeated brain trauma
CNN  -- The toddler whose body washed ashore in Texas last month has been tentatively identified as a 2-year-old girl , and her mother and a man identified as her boyfriend were arrested Saturday , the Galveston County Sheriff 's office said Sunday . Police believe two-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers may be "  Baby Grace . " Investigators believe the child they dubbed "  Baby Grace " is actually 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers , the Galveston County Sheriff 's office said Sunday . DNA analysis is still in progress to confirm that identification . The child 's mother , Kimberly Dawn Trenor , 19 , and a man identified as Royce Clyde Zeigler II , 24 , were arrested Saturday on charges of injuring a child and tampering with physical evidence , the sheriff 's department said . The couple lives in Spring , Texas , a Houston suburb about 75 miles north of Galveston . Their bonds were set at $ 350,000 each . The arrests followed searches conducted Saturday after a November 7 tip , the sheriff 's department said . Deputies and FBI agents plan to release more information at a news conference Monday , Galveston County Sheriff 's Maj. Ray Tuttoilmondo said . The girl 's grandmother , Sheryl Sawyers , of Cleveland , Ohio , told CNN affiliate WKYC that Riley Ann has been missing since June . Watch Sawyers family describe their fears before child was identified " On October 29 , a fisherman discovered the body in a blue Sterilite plastic container on an uninhabited island in Galveston 's West Bay . Police dubbed the dead girl "  Baby Grace , " and asked the public for help in identifying her . A medical examiner said the child 's skull was fractured , and a forensic dentist estimated her age at 2 to 3 years . In composite sketches , the girl is wearing a pink skirt and matching top -- clothing authorities said she was wearing when she was found . The other sketch , a close-up rendering of the child 's face , shows a fair-skinned toddler with long blond hair . "  She is more to us than just a case number , more to us than just an unidentified body . She is very much a human being , " Tutoilmondo said last month . "  She is someone 's child , someone 's grandchild , someone 's cousin , someone 's best friend , and to us , that is the most important part about this case . " "  We have adopted the name of Baby Grace because , there again , that is part of the emotional part of this case for us , " he said , holding a tiny sneaker identical to one of those the child was wearing when she was found . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Hank Bishop contributed to this story .	Woman , boyfriend arrested after a tip led to search Police believe child found dead in box is Riley Ann Sawyers , 2 Body of little girl was found in box that washed ashore last month Police asked public for help identifying girl they dubbed "  Baby Grace "
CNN  -- Deng Zhuoxiang scored the only goal of the match as China handed France a 1-0 defeat in Les Blues final match before the World Cup finals . Playing on the French island of Reunion for the first time in their history , Raymond Domenech 's men controlled the game but fell victim to a swerving free kick from Deng in the 68th minute . France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was deceived by the flight of Deng 's strike with the new World Cup ball . Domenech , who will stand down as French coach after the finals , was not impressed by his side 's performance against a team who did not make South Africa . "  I 'm disappointed . Losing a match , even a friendly , even a World Cup preparation match , is never nice , " he told AFP . "  Now we have to analyze the match . I 'm disappointed , particularly for the players and the public . But the World Cup is not today . It starts on June 11 . " France beat Costa Rica and tied with Tunisia in their other warm-up matches ahead of the finals . The 2006 runners-up to Italy travel to South Africa on Saturday and begin their campaign in Group A against Uruguay on June 11 . They will be hoping for a more convincing performance than they managed against the Chinese , with plenty of possession but few shots on target . Franck Ribery and Yoann Gourcuff had long-range shots saved while Williams Gallas had a backheel ruled out for offside and also headed narrowly wide . Franck Ribery was the biggest threat before being replaced on the hour while Thierry Henry and Abou Diaby came on as substitutes , but it was Deng who scored with his side 's only shot on target in the game . In other World Cup warmup action on Friday , Slovenia beat New Zealand 3-1 .	China beat France 1-0 in Les Blues final warm-up match for World Cup finals Deng Zhuoxiang scored only goal of the match in 68th minute with vicious free kick France coach Raymond Domenech ` disappointed ' with defeat on island of Reunion Slovenia beat New Zealand 3-1 in World Cup warm-up game
CNN  -- As the blondest brat in the Harry Potter universe , actor Tom Felton has no qualms about portraying the theoretically unlikable Draco Malfoy . So why do so many fans devote themselves to "  Team Slytherin ? " Felton muses on the possibilities with CNN . CNN : You have a fairly active dialogue with your fans . Can you explain to the muggles why fans are so into "  Team Slytherin ? " Felton : I definitely ca n't answer ; I have no idea . I 'm always curious when 7-year-olds and 8-year-olds come up to me and say , "  Yeah , Draco 's my favorite character . " I always think , "  Hmmm , I 'm not sure if he should be . " I 'm not sure . I 've been told that people like a bad guy , or I guess people love to hate someone . I guess Draco has filled that role for quite a few years . But yeah , I 'm "  Team Slytherin " all the way . CNN : Was it ever difficult to play such a mean-spirited and dirisive character as Draco Malfoy ? Felton : Nothing but joy . I took great joy in every minute of it . It was like playing the polar opposite of me , really . It was kind of easy to step into his shoes and be delightfully horrible to everyone around me . I really enjoyed it and it never struck me as being difficult . Which is a little strange , in itself . I guess there 's an evil kid inside me waiting to get out . CNN : Is it ever possible for you to have a good hair day after a decade of bleaching your locks for the role ? Felton : Not really . I 'm just grateful that I still have hair on my head after that many years of dying it . So yeah , it 's actually turned back to its normal condition and is in not bad shape . Thanks for asking . CNN : What kinds of perks do you get for being a part of the Harry Potter franchise ? Do you get a lifetime supply of butter beer ? Felton : I 've yet to cash in that coupon . What perks ? We get the DVD a week before it comes out . We 've been a couple of times to the Orlando theme park , the Wizarding World , and when we 're there we 're usually told to drink as much butter beer as we like . So yeah , you could call that a lifetime supply , I guess . CNN : Harry Potter has established itself as a consequential fantasy franchise . Has it influenced your tastes or is there a different genre that inspires you ? Felton : I 'm sure Harry will go down as this kind of fantasy thriller , but I see it as everything . It 's a romantic comedy , it 's dark humor , it 's kind of everything in every one of the films . It encompasses a lot . I 'm not really a genre kind of guy . I do n't like to label films with a genre . I like all films whether it 's dark or light , love , hate , whatever it is , I enjoy it . CNN : Was it ever heroes vs. villains on the set ? Did you have a "  Team Baddies ? " Felton : You mean as the actors ? No , not really . Bear in mind , we usually spend about 2 % of the day in character , the rest of it is just us . So most of it is just normal chat . I hate to sound boring ! CNN : Do you have a favorite memory of your time spent on the Harry Potter films ? Felton : I do n't really have one , that 's sort of like saying pick your favorite memory of the last 15 years . Everyone asks that . It 's the whole experience . The people that we work with , the relationships that we 've made , the costumes we got to wear and all the stupid stuff we got to do . It 's just the whole experience really . it 's very hard for me to pick one memory . CNN : What 's the most unexpected thing about being a part of Harry Potter ? Felton : I guess that we 're still here . Every year we kind of said , "  When are the fans gon na get bored of these and move on ? " But they never did . Every year the fans got more and more excited by everything . And it 's kind of crazy that we 're still here today talking about it . That 's definitely one of the things that surprised me the most about the whole thing . CNN : What is J.K. Rowling like ? Felton : She 's exceptionally down to earth . She 's one of the most down to earth people I 've met . She 's very , very sweet -- I 'm always blown away by how down to earth she is . She 's a really , really nice person and it 's always a pleasure getting a chance to hang out with her . CNN : So many people around the world are fans of Draco . What is Draco a fan of ? Felton : Other than villainous ways ? He 's a fan of snakes . Slitherin . Evil deeds . You know what , it 's weird because that 's kind of a changing question . Because in the recent films I think it 's slightly different . Probably freedom and , you know , not his parents . It 's a tough one . He 's a character with two sides .	Tom Felton ca n't explain why so many Harry Potter fans are on "  Team Slitherin " J.K. Rowling impressed Felton as incredibly down to earth As cast of the Harry Potter films , Felton lists few perks , but they do include butter beer
The Senate will send President Barack Obama legislation authorizing the use of military force against ISIS shortly after the GOP takes majority control in January , presumed Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Monday . In an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash , the Kentucky Republican said he 'd like to see Obama ask Congress for such a measure -- but that one is coming anyway . "  It would be even better if the President asked us for what he wants , but we 're not going to wait forever , " McConnell said . "  We 're certainly going to need to use force , there 's no question about it . They 're beheading Americans and posting it on the Internet . They 're a serious threat to our national security . And we 're going to have to act , " he said . He signaled that crafting legislation green-lighting military action , which is already underway against ISIS in Iraq and Syria , could be an item on which Republicans could work with Obama . "  I think the President is moving in that direction himself , " McConnell said . "  He 'd be in a much stronger position with an authorization of the use of military force . We 've been sort of expecting him to ask for it , but if he does n't , I think he will get one sometime soon after the first of the year . " The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will start its debate on authorizing the use of military force against ISIS this week . Secretary of State John Kerry is set to appear before the panel Tuesday . Meanwhile , Sens. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , and Tim Kaine , D-Virginia , are pushing for a vote on a bill that would approve U.S. action . That measure , though , would n't advance in time for a vote before senators are expected to wrap up their post-election "  lame duck " session and leave Washington . McConnell said he does n't want a vote in December , but that with the new Republican majority in place in January , "  We 'll address it at the beginning of next year . " In the interview , McConnell previewed his plans for the final two years of Obama 's tenure -- saying he expects the Senate to pass legislation approving the Keystone XL pipeline , forcing the President into a tough veto decision , and to "  push back against this overactive bureaucracy " on environmental regulations . He also said he expects votes to repeal Obama 's signature health care law , as well as some of its key components , including the individual mandate that all Americans have health insurance and its tax on medical device-makers . But McConnell , pointing to a meeting with Obama last week , said Republicans might be able to agree with the President on a few issues . "  It would be better , obviously , if we can get some results . And he and I had an opportunity to talk last week . And we agreed to talk about the things that we might agree on , " McConnell said . "  And there are some , " he said . "  Trade agreements . There may be a path forward on comprehensive tax reform . We have certainly a lot of bipartisan interest in the crumbling infrastructure in the country and what to do about it . My first choice is to make progress for the country . " McConnell said his meeting with Obama was "  unusual -- we 've not had a chance to talk very much . " But he said that 's no surprise , since the President took office with hefty Democratic majorities and the party kept control of the Senate until November . McConnell said he 's "  not opposed to negotiating with the administration . " "  Now he needs to talk to us and that 's good , because when the American people elect divided government , they 're not saying they do n't want anything done , " McConnell said . "  What they are saying is they want things done in the political center , things that both sides can agree on . And in the conversation last week , we talked about the things where there may be some agreement . " McConnell left the door open to congressional action on immigration -- which both McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , had said would be made much more difficult by Obama 's executive action halting deportations for the undocumented parents of U.S. citizens . "  What we 're going to do is try to figure out the best way to respond to what the President has done . We know we have a broken immigration system . We know the border is not secure . We know that we need an expansion in H1-B visas . We need an improvement in the agricultural guest worker program , " McConnell said . "  There are a whole lot of things that need to be done to improve our immigration system . And I hope the President had made it possible for us to -- to deal with those issues . "	Mitch McConnell says the Senate will vote on a bill authorizing military action against ISIS in early 2015 The incoming Senate majority leader says he wants President Barack Obama to request the authority for war Obama would be in a "  much stronger position " if the fight against ISIS with congressional support , McConnell says
CNN  -- The events on Beijing 's Tiananmen Square that resulted in the death of five people and the injury of dozens more were tragic , but are they representative of a serious terrorist threat to the Chinese state as is now being suggested by official sources ? According to Chinese security organs , this act of driving a jeep into a crowd of people and setting it on fire was a "  carefully planned , organized , and premeditated " terrorist attack carried out by a group of Uyghur Islamic extremists from Xinjiang Province . Unfortunately , given the lack of transparency historically in the Chinese state 's conviction of Uyghurs on charges of political violence , we may never know whether this characterization of Monday 's events is accurate . What we do know is that Chinese security organs claim that the attackers in the truck , all of whom died , were a Uyghur man , his wife , and his mother . Additionally , Chinese state sources claim to have arrested an additional five suspects in connection with the alleged plot . Were these alleged attackers members of a cell belonging to a large transnational Jihadist network like Al-Qaeda ? Are they representatives of a well-organized militant movement like Al-Shabaab , which recently led an armed hostage-taking operation at a mall in Kenya ? Looking at the crude instruments allegedly used by these people -- gasoline , knives , iron rods , and an SUV , it is difficult to argue that this was the work of any highly organized and well-armed militant group or terrorist network . There were no sophisticated explosives used in the attacks , and the alleged attackers did not even possess guns . Furthermore , although Uyghurs are Muslims , there is no evidence that they have ever been involved substantively in a global Muslim militant movement . So , how do we understand this act of violence if it was indeed carried out by a family of Uyghurs ? The obvious answer is to look at what is happening in the Xinjiang itself where such violent acts have been occurring with increasing frequency ever since the ethnic violence between Uyghurs and Han Chinese that spread throughout the regional capitol of Urumqi during the summer of 2009 . Life for Uyghurs inside Xinjiang is not like that of most people in the People 's Republic of China  PRC  . For the last decade , the Chinese government has created a virtual police state within Xinjiang , employing enhanced surveillance of Uyghur citizens , actively repressing Uyghurs ' political voices , and greatly curtailing Uyghur religious practices . It has also vastly reduced Uyghurs ' access to education in their own language and has limited Uyghur language publications of original reading materials . Officially , the Chinese state explains most of these measures as part of its anti-terrorism measures to protect national security . These measures also regularly include arresting large numbers of Uyghurs on charges of engaging in "  illegal religious activity " or of having ties to terrorist organizations . In fact , during this month alone , security organs in Xinjiang were involved in the fatal shooting of suspected Uyghur militants on several separate occasions and arrested at least one hundred more they suspected of trying to flee the country . Although the government characterizes its ongoing and expansive confrontation with Uyghurs in Xinjiang as anti-terrorism , it is equally related to the PRC 's larger plans for Xinjiang . The region is of critical strategic importance to the state as it is China 's primary gateway to the west , both in accessing western markets for Chinese goods and in securing natural resources , such as oil , gas , and uranium from Central Asia and locations further west and south . In this context , the PRC is presently funding enormous development projects in Xinjiang that are also bringing a large influx of Han Chinese migrants and are uprooting Uyghur communities and displacing them from traditional lands . The state may not care to rid Xinjiang of Uyghurs , but it would like the Uyghurs living there to willingly yield their perceived homeland to a Han-dominant state culture . As a result , the future of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region appears destined to be neither Uyghur nor autonomous . With these events unfolding in the region that Uyghurs view as their historical homeland , one feels compelled to question whether Monday 's alleged attack was a well-prepared terrorist act or a hastily assembled cry of desperation from a people on the extreme margins of the Chinese state 's monstrous development machine . However , given that this is allegedly the first instance that Uyghurs have carried out such desperate acts outside Xinjiang , and in this case in the very symbolic seat of central power , we may also be witnessing a sharp escalation in the Chinese state 's confrontation with the Uyghurs . In the midst of this escalation , it is also possible that the PRC 's long-maintained , but largely unsubstantiated , claims of a Uyghur terrorist threat are perhaps becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sean R. Roberts	Chinese government has created a virtual police state within Xinjiang Crude instruments used in attack suggest not work of well-organized group No evidence Uyghurs involved substantively in a global Muslim militant movement . Claims of a Uyghur terrorist threat maybe becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy .
CNN  -- Travel back in time with me to 1988 : Guns N ' Roses was blasting onto the music scene , Dustin Hoffman turned in an award-winning performance in Rain Man , and Nike coined the now-famous tag line , "  Just Do It . " But the year also brought a cultural touchstone with much deeper significance : the first World AIDS Day . The importance of such a day -- to be held annually on December 1st -- could not be understated , particularly at a time when the disease was still widely misunderstood , and a diagnosis often meant a death sentence . Twenty-five years on , it is difficult to imagine a world without World AIDS Day  or without AIDS , for that matter  . But in the quarter century since the first World AIDS Day , much has changedâ $ " so much so , in fact , that leaders have begun to call for "  the beginning of the end of AIDS , " a global tipping point when the number of people newly infected with HIV is surpassed by the number of people newly offered treatment . A new study released by The ONE Campaign this week demonstrates just how far we 've come , and suggests that if current rates of progress continue , the world will reach "  the beginning of the end of AIDS " as early as 2015 . Reaching this milestone would have been unimaginable just a few years ago , and is testament to the immense global effort and impressive new science that has emerged , particularly in the last decade . That acceleration has also been fueled by the simple fact that AIDS treatment now works better , and costs far less . In 1988 , the only drug available to treat HIV/AIDS was AZT ; it was not hugely effective , and it cost as much as a car . Today , for the price of an iPhone -- less than a dollar a day -- combination antiretroviral treatment allows HIV-positive individuals to not only stay alive , but live long and productive lives . The progress we 've made also means that the language we use to describe the AIDS pandemic needs a refresh . In particular , ONE 's report stresses that it 's time to retire the phrase "  AIDS in Africa . " Of course , this does n't mean the disease has disappeared from the continent , but it does mean that African countries have made widely divergent progress , and that a one-size-fits-all approach no longer makes sense . In fact , 16 African countries have already achieved the beginning of the end of AIDS . Countries like Ghana , Zambia , and Malawi are leading the way , deftly combining their own domestic health financing and planning with donor aid to achieve real impact . Political leadership has also been important in elevating HIV/AIDS as a priority issue on the national agenda , supported  and sometimes pushed  by dynamic civil society organizations on the ground . It 's important that we celebrate all of this progress , and honor those who have worked so hard to make it happen . But the work is far from over , and in many ways , the AIDS fight today is struggling precisely because of its own success . Because it is no longer perceived as an emergency , but rather a chronic and manageable disease , the fight has lost some of its political momentum and funding has not grown to match the global need . UNAIDS estimates that the funding needed to fight AIDS is still at least $ 3-5 billion short each year . With a few exceptions , donor funding for AIDS has stalled . Compounding this problem , only six African governments are meeting their commitments to spend 15 % of their national budgets on health . These trends must be reversed -- and quickly -- in order to accelerate progress . Insufficient money is not the only thing holding back the global AIDS response . Although treatment programs have grown massively -- they now reach nearly 10 million people around the world -- too many people are still being left behind . In the coming years , the world must do a better job at adapting treatment and prevention programs to reach those most at-risk , including LGBT populations , drug users , and sex workers . Doing so will , in some cases , require a sea-change in how these populations are treated . On a political level , leaders can do more to ensure that the HIV/AIDS responses in their countries are more equitable and free of stigma , as the first lady of Zambia , Christine Kaseba-Saba , recently did in a statement rejecting homophobia . Equally important , donors must make sure that their resources are appropriately targeting these at-risk groups and tailored to match the unique nature of local and national epidemics . Each World AIDS Day forces the world into a moment of reflection and accountability . On this 25th anniversary , we have much progress to celebrate , but we can not allow complacency to set in before we 're even halfway home . As we close in on a global tipping point and look to defeat AIDS within our lifetimes , we must pick up the pace . We have the tools to defeat the epidemic , but we need reinvigorated political will and new resources from the public and private sectors . The message this year should be : Let 's work harder , together , to make the beginning of the end of AIDS a reality . Or , to borrow from Nike 's 1988 ad : "  Just do it . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Erin Hohlfelder .	25 years on from the first World AIDS Day , much progress has been made in fight against AIDS Erin Hohlfelder says 16 African countries have passed the "  beginning of end of AIDS " tipping point "  Treatment now works better , and costs less , allowing people with AIDS to live long , productive lives " But Hohlfelder says we must not allow complacency to set in ; there is still much to be done
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration is working on a substantial sanctions package against Iran in case current diplomatic efforts to curb its nuclear program fail , top officials told Congress on Tuesday . Treasury Under Secretary Stuart Levy also developed some of the existing financial sanctions against Iran . Under Secretary of the Treasury Stuart Levy , who developed some of the existing financial sanctions against Iran under the Bush administration , said at a Senate Banking Committee hearing that the "  comprehensive " plan would target "  key vulnerabilities and fissures " in Iran to show Tehran that it would face "  serious costs " for thwarting international demands . "  It takes into account that no single sanction is a ` silver bullet ' ; we will need to impose measures simultaneously in many different forms in order to be effective , " Levy said . He stressed , however , that the United States would be mindful of actions that would harm the Iranian people or undercut the opposition battling the Iranian government . The hearing comes as some members of Congress push for tougher U.S. sanctions on the Iranian regime in light of the recent revelation that Iran was building a second uranium enrichment facility near Qom , a dramatic development that jacked up tension between Iran and international powers . During talks last week in Geneva , Switzerland , between Iranian officials and representatives of the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , Britain , France , German , Russia and China -- Iran agreed to admit inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency to the Qom facility . Tehran also agreed "  in principle " to ship its low-enriched uranium produced in Iran to third countries for further enrichment for a nuclear reactor used for medical research . Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg told the panel Tuesday that one reason for the Obama administration 's engagement toward Iran was to secure international support for sanctions if Iran continued to defy international demands . Last week 's talks , he said , shined a "  spotlight " on Iran that makes inaction more costly . Levy also stressed that an international coalition was key to keeping pressure on Iran . "  Because financial measures are most effective when imposed as part of a broad-based effort with support of the largest possible international coalition , we are working closely with our allies as we put together this strategy , " he said . "  The less united we are in applying pressure , the greater the risk our measures will not have the impact we seek . " Several lawmakers expressed doubt that Iran would negotiate in good faith and threatened legislation to impose tough new sanctions against Tehran . Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , D-Connecticut , said he planned to move forward this month on a proposal to expand financial restrictions , impose new sanctions on Iran 's oil and gas sectors and ban both the export of refined gasoline products to Iran and the import of Iranian goods . Steinberg said the United States and its allies will judge Iran 's seriousness about the talks by whether it makes good on its commitments to ship the uranium out of the country and admit the IAEA inspectors , who are expected to visit the Qom facility October 25 . "  By the end of the month , we will have some very clear indications of what their intentions are , " he said .	"  Comprehensive " plan would target "  key vulnerabilities , " official says But U.S. would be mindful of actions that would harm Iranian people , he says International coalition is key to keeping pressure up , diplomat says
CNN  -- On a sunny day at the Rose Bowl Aquatics Center in Pasadena , California , in 1991 , photographer Kirk Weddle was setting up to shoot what would become an iconic image in rock music . Spencer Elden was chosen from pictures of 12 babies to grace Nirvana?s "  Nevermind " CD cover . Weddle 's close friend , artist and designer Rick Elden , remembers that day well because he had brought his 4-month-old son to the pool for Weddle to shoot . Weddle had been tapped to create the cover for what would become Nirvana 's breakthrough album "  Nevermind . " "  We went to the same college together , " Elden said of his friendship with Weddle . "  We were tight buddies and we 'd been through a lot together . " To hear Elden tell it , the shoot was just another job in a long string of photo shoots for musical acts during his association with Weddle . "  Keep in mind we shot the Temptations , and so many bands , " he said . On the day of the Nirvana shoot , Weddle was said to be working on an idea dreamed up by the band 's relatively unknown frontman , Kurt Cobain , Elden said . "  Rumor had it that Cobain had the original concept of wanting to show a mother giving birth under water , " Elden said . "  but the compromise was to have a baby swimming under water . Or so that 's what I was told . " A dozen infants including Elden 's first-born son Spencer were signed up for the photo shoot in the pool that week . On that particular day only Spencer was scheduled to swim for Weddle . Read more about what Spencer Elden is doing now The boy was in good hands , said Elden , a certified lifeguard . And even at 4 months , Spencer was a good swimmer , he said . However , "  if you do n't pull them up , they will drown , " he joked . "  There 's tricks to it : You blow in the kid 's face and it creates a gag reflex . Infants have a gag reflex , as we all do . You hold him up really close to your face . You blow into him really hard . They gasp , and into the water they go . " Weddle then shot just 18 frames , according to Elden . "  We only had a half a second " before the shoot was over and little Spencer was plucked from the water . "  Boom , boom , boom . End of story , " he said . "  We got paid $ 200 . " Years later , Spencer Elden , now a 17-year-old high school graduate , returned to that same Pasadena pool complex to compete as a swimmer and water polo player on the club team . Read how Nirvana changed iReporters ' lives He said he 's still a pretty good swimmer . "  I have n't been swimming as much lately as I 'd like to , but I plan on starting swimming next summer , " he said .	Dad of underwater baby on Nirvana album dishes details on 1991 photo shoot "  If you do n't pull them up , they will drown , " joked dad , a certified lifeguard Photographer Kirk Weddle chose baby 's photo from pictures of 11 other kids Actual photo shoot lasted only 18 frames , said dad . "  We got paid $ 200 "
Washington  CNN  -- It feels like a generation gap in the GOP . Party elders appear increasingly concerned -- alarmed , even -- by an upstart effort by a new band of conservative lawmakers who want to shut down the federal government to protest the president 's signature health care law , Obamacare . The plan -- really more of a bargaining strategy -- was hatched primarily by lawmakers elected in the past few years -- exposing a rift in the GOP about how best to deal with the controversial health care law a year before the 2014 elections . Supporters of a government shutdown are nowhere near critical mass even as 13 lawmakers recently signed a letter pledging opposition to any spending bill that does n't defund the health law . To be successful , supporters of a government shutdown would need almost every Republican in the Senate to join their effort . Washington braces for post-recess shutdown battle The GOP establishment is undoubtedly against a shutdown and many of them are becoming more vocal about it . "  The people of the nation would not be happy , " said 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney this week at a New Hampshire fundraiser about the possibility of a shutdown where Medicare benefits were skipped and troops did n't get paid . Romney : Pick someone who can win in 2016 "  Most Americans are really tired of those kinds of shenanigans here in Washington , " Arizona Sen. John McCain said on the conservative Michael Medved radio show last month . A prominent conservative opinion maker , columnist Charles Krauthammer , called the idea "  nuts . " Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn , who in the past has showed himself more than willing to step on the cogs of government if he disagrees with something , told the Washington Examiner a shutdown could cost Republicans control of the House . His Oklahoma colleague , Rep. Tom Cole , said on Fox News that shutting down the government would be like a legislative "  temper tantrum . " But there is evidence that many in the outspoken party base would seriously disagree . Tea party activists posted a video critical of freshman North Carolina Rep. Rob Pittenger , who drew jeers when he said during a town hall event in his district this week , "  No , " the party should n't shut the government down . Obamacare battle moves to states In an interview with CNN 's Jim Acosta on Wednesday , Pittenger defended his decision to stand against tea party activists who called for a shutdown to defund Obamacare . But Pittenger appears to be an exception as a younger lawmaker standing against shutdown proponents . "  The reality is , if we 're willing to take a government shutdown unless we repeal Obamacare , ... we will lose that vote and Obamacare will survive it , " Pittenger said . "  Why would we go about a strategy that is doomed to failure . " Seeking to find middle ground in the party , a separate group of conservatives , including anti-tax activist Grover Norquist , have suggested instead to use the threat of shutdown to force a one year delay in implementing the law in place of pursuing a full repeal . Ending Obamacare , avoiding shutdown juggling act for Boehner Backlash against Obamacare helped propel Republicans to take back control of the House in 2010 . But exhaustive efforts since to repeal it have been ineffective . Utah Sen. Mike Lee , the leader of the shutdown effort , was elected in 2010 after defeating longtime Republican Sen. Bob Bennett in the primary . While his proposal to shut down the government is not embraced by establishment Republicans , it has drawn praise from Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , two conservative stars who are believed to be considering runs for president in 2016 . Both also , like Lee , defeated more establishment GOP candidates on their way to Washington in 2010 . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who has n't taken a definitive position on the shutdown plan , is now facing a primary challenge in his bid for reelection in Kentucky . Add to all of this the default , shutdown , economic calamity show that has been a Washington rerun due to a string of battles over the federal borrowing limit and government spending . These conservative newcomers to Washington have seen the White House make dire warnings about how the recent forced spending cuts -- known formally as sequestration -- would have a negative effect on the government and military . But months later , the forced spending cuts have been largely swept out of the news and the federal government -- from the Pentagon to the Health and Human Services Department -- has shown an ability to absorb it for now . Cruz recently argued in a speech at the Heritage Foundation that shutting down the government would n't be that bad and could help the GOP . "  There are some Democrats , some in the media and some Republicans who portray a shutdown as a horrible calamity , " Cruz said . "  I think the term ` shutdown ' is a misnomer . It 's actually a partial , temporary shutdown . We have seen them before . " Cruz argued that Saturday and Sunday are kind of like government shutdowns . Read Washington Post review of Cruz 's claim But it is Romney , who has acknowledged that he 's probably the last person Republicans are now looking to for advice , who gave the most earnest argument on Tuesday against shutting down the government . "  I badly want Obamacare to go away , and stripping it of funds has appeal . But we need to exercise great care about any talk of shutting down government , " said Romney , according to a prepared text of his remarks at the private fundraiser . "  What would come next ... what would come next when soldiers are n't paid , when seniors fear for their Medicare and Social Security , and when the FBI is off duty ? I 'm afraid that in the final analysis , Obamacare would get its funding , our party would suffer in the next elections , and the people of the nation would not be happy . " A spokesman for Cruz , responded to Romney on Wednesday , arguing that Americans see Obamacare as "  train wreck . " "  They expect their elected representatives to fight to undo it , " said Cruz spokesman Sean Ruston . "  If Republicans stand up for principle , we can win this debate . "	Republican Party elders concerned with upstarts ' efforts to shut down government Split among Republicans playing out in town hall meetings across the country North Carolina Republican jeered when he suggested party should n't force shutdown
CNN  -- Hunter Moore was once dubbed the "  most hated man on the Internet " and the "  Revenge Porn King . " But now , the brash Californian is at risk of getting a new title . A felon . Moore , the founder of a now defunct "  revenge porn " website , was indicted and is accused of hacking into people 's e-mail accounts to steal nude photos to post online , federal authorities said . Moore , 27 , who the FBI says operated isanyoneup.com , was arrested in Woodland , California , on Thursday . Also arrested was Charles Evens , a 25-year-old man in Southern California believed to be connected to the scheme . ` You took the picture ' In 2012 , way before this arrest , Moore talked to HLN 's Dr. Drew about the website . "  The site was just born , actually , " Moore said . "  It was just a couple of friends and , you know , we had our hearts broken by a couple of girls , and we thought we would make a site . And it became Is Anyone Up . That 's how it started . Of course . But when I did start the site , I was hurt , and so was my friends . " But later in the show , a woman who called in confronted Moore and said she regretted taking topless photos for a boyfriend and was devastated when the pictures appeared online . "  I do n't know how you can point your finger at me , " Moore responded . " You took the picture . I mean , I 've been justifying this in my head for over a year and a half of the site . But at the end of the day , it started with you . You took these pictures . " Site got out of hand The FBI says Moore and Evens conspired to peddle "  hundreds " of nude pictures , without getting permission in 2011 and 2012 . But according to an indictment , Moore allegedly pushed Evens to hack into computers to get more sexually explicit photos . Moore then would pay Evens for the photos and then post them on the site , according to the FBI . Both suspects are named in a 15-count indictment with charges that include aggravated identity theft and conspiracy . If convicted , they face up to five years in federal prison for each conspiracy and hacking-related charge . Moore shut down the website in 2012 and sold it to an anti-bullying group . "  Taking down the site has been something I 've wanted to do for months , " he said . "  It was just something I created that got out of hand . It was supposed to be for friends . " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Moore was arrested Thursday He is accused of posting hundreds of nude photos without permission Moore is accused of paying another man to hack into alleged victim 's accounts "  I do n't know how you can point your finger at me , " Moore once told a woman .
Three times Marilyn Jean Hartman attempted to slip past airport security checkpoints to stowaway on airplanes . And three times the 62-year-old Hartman got caught . This week , authorities say she made it through a screening checkpoint at Mineta San Jose International Airport without a ticket and boarded a Southwest Airlines flight bound for Los Angeles International Airport . "  If you Google her name , you will see she had been arrested before but not at our airport , " San Jose airport spokeswoman Rosemary Barnes said . Hartman was arrested Monday at the Los Angeles airport , according to a statement released by airport police . She pleaded no contest Wednesday to a misdemeanor count of stowing away , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . She was sentenced to two years probation and three days in jail . She was given credit for time served and released . Outside the courthouse , Hartman refused to detail to reporters how she got through security . "  I do n't think it 's wise to say how I got through . I do n't want to help the enemy , " she said . " ... I want to go with a paid ticket . ... I want to do everything legal , " Hartman said . "  It was clearly wrong on my part . ... It was stupid and it is something I do n't want to repeat . " Hartman was arrested Monday night after the flight crew determined she did not have a ticket , police said . The flight crew conducted a head count and discovered Hartman "  was not a ticketed passenger on Southwest Airlines , " the police said . It was unclear how the crew determined Hartman stowed away . "  Further investigation revealed there was no confirmed reservation in the system and Hartman had no documents to show proof that she had purchased a ticket , " the statement said . It 's the second time San Jose International Airport has made headlines in recent months over a reported stowaway . In April , 15-year-old Yahya Abdi crawled into the wheel well of a Hawaii-bound 767 and lost consciousness when the plane took off . He was caught after climbing out of the plane and onto the tarmac at Kahului Airport on the island of Maui . The incident raised questions about how the teen was able to breach security at the airport . Hartman 's actions raised the question again this week . Hartman apparently blended in with a family at a checkpoint where a Transportation Security Administration agent was checking tickets and identification , CNN affiliate KTVU reported , citing an unnamed source familiar with the case . She is then accused of doing the same thing -- blending in with a family -- to board the flight , the source said . San Jose airport officials and the TSA said at no time were passengers in jeopardy . Hartman "  was screened by TSA for any prohibited items . It 's really important to point that out , " Barnes said . "  And public safety was not compromised in any way . " Even so , the TSA is making "  minor modifications " to the layout of its passenger screening area to prevent another incident , said Ross Feinstein , the TSA press secretary . Hartman has been described by authorities as a serial stowaway , who has repeatedly tried to board flights to Hawaii at San Francisco International Airport without a ticket . Earlier this year , she was sentenced to probation and ordered to stay away from the San Francisco airport . 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically	Marily Jean Hartman , 62 , pleaded no contest to stowing away on Southwest flight "  I do n't think it 's wise to say how I got through " the security checkpoints , she says Hartman was arrested Monday after stowing away on a flight from San Jose to Los Angeles She has been arrested at least three times for trying the same thing
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- The United States called on coup leaders in Mali on Friday to step down and allow for elections to take place . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner spoke one day after the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  gave the military junta that ousted Malian President Amadou Toumani Toure three days to hand back power to civilians or face "  diplomatic and financial embargo . " "  We echo ECOWAS 's call for the mutineers to step down and allow for a swift return to democratic rule and for presidential elections to ultimately take place , " he told reporters in Washington . The group of African leaders issued its warning Thursday after meeting in emergency session . ECOWAS "  invite  s  its states to impose a travel ban for members of the junta and a diplomatic and financial embargo on the country if there is no return to constitutional order within a maximum period of 72 hours , " said Kadre Desire Ouedraogo , the group 's president . In addition to closing borders shared with member states and banning travel outside Mali by junta members , ECOWAS said its potential sanctions include a "  freezing of assets of the junta members and their partners , as well as no access to the ports of the coastal countries of ECOWAS . " Mali could also face the freezing of its accounts at the West African Central Bank . The group of heads of states led by Ivorian President and ECOWAS Chairman Allasane Ouattara met in Abidjan , after a pro-junta demonstration at the airport in the Malian capital of Bamako prevented them from landing in Mali for a prearranged meeting . They were heading to to meet with key members of the junta , which wrested control of the West African nation last week . Megan Larson-Kone of the U.S. mission in Mali told CNN that "  a small group of demonstrators ... threatened to put themselves on the runway , making it difficult for the aircraft to land . The diplomatic missions of the countries involved made a decision that it would be safer ... to turn back . " The ECOWAS leaders had arranged a meeting with Capt. Amadou Sanogo , leader the junta that deposed Toure , a two-term president . Coup leaders deposed the president , occupied his residence and took over the national television station after accusing the country 's defense minister of failing to provide them with enough resources to fight an insurgency in the north . Meanwhile , the nomadic Tuareg who are fighting for autonomy in the north have taken advantage of chaos in the capital to occupy more territory . Toner , on Friday , said he was aware of reports to that effect and that the United States is "  very concerned . " Now in Mali -- once hailed as a shining example of African democracy , having experienced more than 20 years of democratic government -- the threat of sanctions has prompted some to take precautions . Mamadou Konate , a Bamako resident , told CNN that people were lining up to empty their bank accounts . "  We are stocking up , " Konate said . "  These sanction are severe and will harm the small people , 80 % of the population . " Mali , a poor country with no access to the sea and heavily dependent on foreign aid , is divided after the coup . Many Malians have taken to the streets to show their support for the junta . Likewise , opponents of the junta have demonstrated in hopes of seeing the soldiers go . On Monday , the United States suspended a portion of its aid to Mali in response to the coup . "  We want to see the elected government restored as quickly as possible , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . On Tuesday , ECOWAS suspended Mali 's membership , with Ouattara saying , "  Dialogue and consultation will be the first instruments in finding a solution , but  ECOWAS members  will not hesitate to use any other option . " CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	NEW : A State Department spokesman urges presidential elections The Economic Community of West African States has given the junta a deadline Give back power within 72 hours or face sanctions , ECOWAS says A military junta ousted Mali 's president last week
CNN  -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is hospitalized again and will have part of a leg amputated , according to her representative . John Blanchette said cancerous lesions started appearing on one of Gabor 's legs , which were examined Sunday , and gangrene was imminent . Gabor was being prepared for surgery Sunday night . Her leg will be amputated below the knee , Blanchette said . Gabor 's husband , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt , is with her in the hospital , Blanchette said . In November , Gabor was hospitalized for a swollen leg , her husband said at the time . Paramedics initially suspected Gabor suffered from a blood clot in her left leg , but an emergency room doctor at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center later determined she had an infection , according to Von Anhalt . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , Von Anhalt has said . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge " ; "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 ; "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 ; and Orson Welles ' 1958 classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	Zsa Zsa Gabor will have her leg amputated below the knee Her representative says gangrene was "  imminent " Gabor has been unable to walk since a 2002 car crash
Washington  CNN  -- The issues of abortion and illegal immigration will be in the spotlight over the next week , but all eyes will be on Texas on Monday for a major player to announce his political plans . 1 . Austin or Washington for Perry ? Will Texas Gov. Rick Perry run for re-election next year for an unprecedented fourth full term in office ? We should find out Monday , when Perry is expected to make his intentions known at an event in San Antonio in front of friends and supporters . Perry to announce political future Monday Perry was originally planning to announce his plans by the end of June but delayed his decision after he called the state legislature into a special session to try to once again pass a controversial bill that would ban most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy . The bill was sidetracked by a filibuster a week and a half ago by Democratic state Sen. Wendy Davis that grabbed national headlines . The conventional wisdom is that Perry is leaning against another term in Austin , as Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , a fellow Republican , gears up for running . And if Perry does n't run for re-election in 2014 , the thought is that he would make another bid for the White House , in 2016 . Can Perry overcome his last presidential run ? But note that Perry has bucked conventional wisdom in the past . 2 . Abortion battle resumes in Texas Texas state lawmakers on Monday will resume that special session called by Perry , with a state Senate committee holding a hearing on the abortion measure and the full Senate convening the next day . In the state House , Republicans have already passed the bill through committee . It heads to the full chamber Tuesday . Large demonstrations on both sides of the issue are planned starting Monday . Perry blames abortion rights activists for ` absolute anarchy ' The push in Texas comes after other states have passed such bans in recent years , including Nebraska , Kansas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Indiana and Alabama . Arkansas has a ban in place for pregnancies beyond 18 weeks , and North Dakota has the tightest restriction in the country at six weeks , when a fetal heartbeat can be detected . 3 . And another one heats up in North Carolina The abortion issue will also be front and center in North Carolina , when state lawmakers return to Raleigh this week . The state Senate just passed a series of anti-abortion amendments that were tacked onto a bill that would ban Sharia law . The measures do n't include a 20-week provision but would place increased standards on abortion clinics and limit health care coverage for abortions . North Carolina joins states legislating against abortion The action now moves back to the state House , which has passed the Sharia law bill without the abortion restrictions . Meanwhile , Republican Gov. Pat McCrory has expressed concerns about how the Republican-dominated state Senate rushed the passage of the anti-abortion amendments but has not indicated whether he would sign the bill . 4 . Rubio has a decision to make On the federal level , Sen. Marco Rubio is considering a request by anti-abortion groups to sponsor a bill in the U.S. Senate that would ban most abortions after 20 weeks , an adviser to the Florida Republican confirmed to CNN on Wednesday . "  I can tell you that the pro-life groups are asking Senator Rubio to sponsor the bill in the Senate . He 's on a family vacation this week and will decide when he returns to D.C. next week , " said the adviser , who asked for anonymity to speak more freely . Anti-abortion groups push Rubio on 20-week ban bill Marjorie Dannenfelser , president of the Susan B. Anthony List , said her organization has been leading efforts to recruit Rubio to sponsor the bill in the Senate . "  He wants to , and that 's good news , " she told CNN on Tuesday . Susan B. Anthony List describes itself as a group "  dedicated to electing candidates and pursuing polices that will reduce and ultimately end abortion . " Other anti-abortion groups are also urging Rubio to sponsor the bill . If he does , it would give the measure added media attention , as Rubio is one of the GOP 's biggest stars and is considered a possible 2016 Republican presidential contender . But conservatives have criticized the first-term senator in the past couple of months for his big push for a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a pathway to citizenship for most of the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country . The Republican-controlled House passed a similar late-term abortion ban bill last month , with only six Republicans voting against the measure and six Democrats voting for it . The bill prohibits most abortions for women beyond their 20th week of pregnancy . While the original House bill included an exception for cases in which the health of the mother is in danger , Republicans got strong pushback for not including exceptions for pregnancies that resulted from rape or incest . Republican leaders later added new language to include those exceptions . The measure is expected to go nowhere in the Democratic-controlled Senate , and the White House has threatened a veto on the legislation . 5 . Congress returns with immigration fight waiting With the Senate passing a bipartisan immigration reform bill a week and a half ago , the spotlight has shifted to the GOP-dominated House . House Republicans meet behind closed doors Wednesday to discuss their next steps . Republican leaders in the House say the Senate bill , which includes an eventual pathway to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants , is a nonstarter in their chamber . House Speaker John Boehner insists that lawmakers will craft their own bill or series of bills , separate from the Senate legislation . Immigration reform looks doubtful in House as lawmakers quarrel The Senate bill , which passed 68-32 , included a last-minute , bipartisan amendment , which called for tougher border security measures , to make the overall legislation more acceptable to Republicans . CBO : Senate immigration bill would cut undocumented flow 33-50 % A bipartisan group is also working on a package in the House , though its proposals differ sharply from the Senate measure by making it harder for undocumented immigrants to get on a path to citizenship . The same day that House Republicans powwow , former President George W. Bush speaks about immigration at his recently opened presidential library in Texas . The title of the event : "  What Immigrants Contribute . " The former Republican president tried but failed to pass immigration reform during his second term in the White House , thanks in part to opposition from members of Congress from his own party . Bush 's new mission : Helping those who have the least CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Rick Perry to announce his political future Monday Texas special session resumes to take up derailed abortion bill North Carolina could send governor abortion restrictions bill George W. Bush to speak on immigration reform Wednesday
CNN  After decades in private hands , a spaceship from the classic film "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " will go on display for the first time to the public . The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , the group that presents the Oscars , purchased the spacecraft at auction Saturday for $ 344,000 . The academy will display the ship in its museum of movie history , scheduled to open in 2017 in Los Angeles . "  We 're excited to add such an iconic piece of movie history to our collection , " the academy told CNN in a statement . "  We look forward to sharing the ' 2001 ' Aries 1B Trans-Lunar Space Shuttle with the public once the Academy Museum opens . " In case you 're wondering , the craft is the spherical lunar lander that transports Dr. Heywood R. Floyd to the moon in "  2001 . " Sorry , it 's not the Discovery One , the spaceship where mission pilot Dave Bowman later famously implored the ship 's computer to "  open the pod bay doors , HAL . " A collector and former art teacher in the UK had kept it for the past 40 years . According to the auction house , the spaceship is one of the few sets left from the 1968 film . Almost all the props , sets , models and costumes from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " were destroyed by director Stanley Kubrick so they could not be used in other productions , the Premiere Props auction house said .	A shuttle from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " was purchased by the motion picture academy It will be put on display to the public for the first time The 1968 classic is considered one of the most influential science-fiction movies ever
CNN  -- Jenson Button snatched a sensational victory at a rain-affected Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday as world champion Sebastian Vettel made a mistake on the final lap in Montreal . The German had been poised to claim his sixth victory in seven Formula One races this season after avoiding the earlier chaos behind him , but locked his wheels at a corner to let 2009 world champion Button to complete remarkable fightback . The English driver had an early collision with Lewis Hamilton that ended his McLaren teammate 's race , and received a drive-through penalty for speeding while the safety car was out . Then , following a delay of more than two hours due to a downpour , Button suffered a punctured tire after a collision with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso that resulted in Spain 's two-time world champion crashing into a wall -- and the incident will be investigated by race stewards . F1 championship standings "  Even if I had n't won I would have enjoyed this race immensely , but it 's a win , definitely my best , " Button told reporters . "  I 'm definitely going to be celebrating . I 'll have a good night and enjoy what I achieved . A big thank you to the team for what they 've done . " Vettel , who has not finished outside the top two this season , admitted he was disappointed not to win in the circumstances after starting the race in pole position . "  I was probably too conservative at the last safety car and I did not open up enough of a gap . Then when it came down to the fight at the end the mistake was down to me , I locked up the rear , " he said . "  It is still a good day as many mistakes were made and cars did not finish , yet we 've picked up good points . " Vettel claims pole ahead of Ferrari pair in Montreal Button moved up to second place in the drivers ' standings , 60 points behind Vettel , whose Red Bull teammate Mark Webber denied seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher his first podium finish since returning from retirement last year . Hamilton , who dropped to fourth overall , was also involved in an early incident with Webber in the fifth lap soon after the safety car departed . The race started behind the guide vehicle due to the poor visibility , and it made lengthy returns due to the wet weather and subsequent accidents . The stewards will also be investigating a clash between Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg and Force India 's Adrian Sutil . With the drivers behind him switching tires as the conditions changed , Vettel was able to wait until the 54th lap before changing to slicks and managed to come out still in front . A frantic battle was going on for podium placings as Schumacher took advantage of a tussle between Ferrari 's Felipe Massa and Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi to claim second . The German survived one attack from Webber , who had to give back the advantage after illegally cutting across a corner to go through , but Button managed to get past both of them to earn a crack at Vettel . The 31-year-old reduced Vettel 's lead to just 0.9 seconds going into the final lap as he continued to set the fastest times in a race in which he made six pit-stops . His 23-year-old rival buckled under the pressure , giving Button the chance to surge past and claim the 10th win of his career and his first since China in April 2010 . Vitaly Petrov finished fifth for Lotus Renault while Massa edged Kobayashi for sixth place , Toro Rosso 's Jaime Alguersuari were eighth and 10th , while Williams ' veteran Brazilian Rubens Barrichello was ninth .	Former world champion Jenson Button claims victory on final lap in Montreal Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel had led for every lap after starting in pole position Race was delayed for more than two hours by rain , with several drivers crashing Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber claims third place ahead of Michael Schumacher
Beijing may have to wait another 16 years before it will have safe , clean air , according to a report from the capital 's environmental authority earlier this week . But it 's hardly alone in its air pollution woes . The World Health Organization has said that roughly half of the world 's urban population is exposed to pollution at least 2.5 times higher than it recommends . Air pollution is now the single largest environmental health risk , with an estimated 7 million deaths globally in 2012 caused by air pollution , according to a report from the health agency in March . Most of the worst polluted cities are in Asia . While it may take years to fix this global problem , innovative minds in the Asia region have come up with creative solutions for living with air pollution . Face mask couture Can face masks become fashionable ? Beijing-based designer and body painter Nina Griffee hopes so . She has created a line of womenswear that incorporates air filters made by Vogmask . The dramatic designs in basic black with fuschia highlights will debut at the Hong Kong Fashion Week for Spring/Summer between July 7 and 10 . Some of the looks are reminiscent of burqas , covering the entire head and face , with just the eyes of the wearer exposed -- but it will sure keep the body protected from air particles . DIY purifier Thomas Talhelm started worrying about the air inside his Beijing home during "  airpocalypse " in 2013 when Beijing 's air quality index skyrocketed to a terrifying 755 -- a 500 reading is considered hazardous for health , meaning people should avoid outdoor activity . The Fulbright scholar could n't afford the luxury of an expensive air purifier . "  It got me thinking , why are these air purifiers so expensive ? How do they work ? " Talhelm said . "  Filters are actually very simple -- an HEPA filter is all you need to get over 99 percent of the PM 2.5 , " he said , referring to particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers that can penetrate deep into lungs , leading to fatal diseases . With three of his friends , Talhelm created Smart Air , an air purifier consisting of a basic household fan with an HEPA filter attached to it . It works as efficiently as the big brands selling for thousands of dollars , removing more than 90 percent of particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers  PM 2.5  in your room , according to Talhelm 's research . Smart Air has sold over 3,000 basic air purifiers so far and has doubled their staff . Talhelm said the group is currently touring China , holding DIY workshops to show how easy it is to build your own purifier for RMB 200  about $ 30  . Clean air forecasts A blue sky may be rare in Beijing , but when it appears , the city becomes a beautiful place to live in . "  I wanted to make sure to get out and do something on those days because if I did that , it would really help me cope with the treachery of the smog , " said Dustin Grzesik . The former Beijing resident created Banshirne , a free Android app that forecasts the next clean air day based on weather patterns . Grzesik , who is now based in San Francisco , created the app by observing Beijing 's weather reports , air quality reports and the US embassy 's Air Quality Index Twitter feed . Kaiwen map , a site where people can report environmental conditions in their area , and the Beijing Air Quality Forecast blog are two sites Grzesik finds helpful for analysing China 's air quality . On average , a blue sky appeared once a week or once every two weeks in Beijing , according to Grzesik , a geologist by training . Invisible mask Infipure 's "  nose mask " claims to cut 99 % of PM 2.5 without the bulkiness of a surgical face mask . The disposable filters , made from non-toxic , latex-free materials , are inserted into your nostrils and aim to be undetectable . "  In a meeting or conference , it 's generally not that great with a full face mask on . Also , in the summer , it gets hot and stuffy , " said Infipure co-founder Francis Law who saw a market for discreet air filtering masks . "  People care about their health , but do n't want all the downsides that come with a traditional face mask , " he explained . Infipure has been criticized for not disclosing the materials used in their filters , but Law has said that it is a "  trade secret . " Master battery Stanford professor Cui Yi and his team have developed a high-energy battery that could potentially increase an electric car 's mileage by three times without being recharged . The nanotube lithium-ion battery is said to outlast current conventional batteries . After 1,000 charging cycles , the battery still retains over half its energy capacity . Yi 's invention can help bolster the appeal of electric cars since cheaper , high-energy batteries are needed to compete against traditional vehicles . Anti-smog kung fu School children in northern Hebei province are using kung fu to combat air pollution . Students at the Guangming Road Primary School in Shijiazhuang , one of China 's smoggiest cities , have been taught 23 moves by deputy dean Wei Huanqiang , who says the practice is effective against air pollution . During heavily polluted days , the exercises , which combine elements of aerobics and acupuncture , could be done indoors when outdoor activity is suspended . The two-minute routine was designed by Wei himself and critics doubt that it has any real impact against the harmful effects of air pollution , although most agree that it is good for kids to exercise . Plant backpack Taiwanese artist Chiu Chih has designed a survival kit for an apocalyptic world . Dubbed "  Voyage on the Planet , " a potted plant is housed inside a clear backpack hooked up to two tubes to funnel fresh air into a face mask . It 's a bold , abstract take on an oxygen tank . The piece questions the planet 's unknown future and environmental depletion . Breathing bike British artist Matt Hope admits his breathing bike looks "  ridiculous . " "  It was more of an ironic commentary about living in China and people 's personal attempts at dealing with it , " Hope said about his one-off creation that produces clean air while he rides . Hope attached a small generator to the bike 's back wheel and as he pedals , electricity is produced to power his homemade filtration system . The air is pulled through a perforated trash bin where dust particles get positively charged and stick to a metal trumpet within the bin . Clean air is then sent through a tube and received in Hope 's fighter-pilot mask . "  Earth has a breathable atmosphere , that 's why we 're here . Being attached to air filtering devices , it defies the point of being alive , " Hope said , adding that Beijing has a sci-fi feel to it , referring to the copious amount of people who wear face masks outside . Smog vacuum Dutch designer Daan Roosegaarde recently signed an agreement with Beijing officials to jumpstart his smog project -- an electromagnetic field generated by copper coils that will suck pollutants from the sky to the ground like a vacuum , making way for clean air . The project , to be trialed in a Beijing park , has yet to be determined . "  If there 's an incentive , things will move fast , " Roosegaarde said , adding he hopes to start the pilot project next year . A byproduct of this project is the "  smog ring " -- a piece of jewelry made from smog particulates to be launched later this year . "  The pollution we suck up , the small particles , we do n't throw them away . We put them under pressure for a couple of weeks and they crystallize , creating the notion of a diamond , " Roosegaarde explains . The designer hopes to make 100,000 pieces that will be sold at high-end prices to finance more smog projects . "  By creating a place where you can feel the difference , where you can see the difference , people get an incentive to work together to say , hey , what should we do to make a whole city clean like this ? " Roosegaarde said .	Beijing residents have invented ways to make life bearable under the smog The Infipure mask makes air-filtering nearly undetectable Banshirne is an app that helps predict the next clean air day Artists are also coming up with creative solutions for pollution , such as a smog vacuum
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States tortures prisoners in violation of international law , former President Carter said Wednesday . Former President Carter says the U.S. "  has abandoned the basic principle of human rights . " "  I do n't think it . I know it , " Carter told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  Our country for the first time in my life time has abandoned the basic principle of human rights , " Carter said . "  We 've said that the Geneva Conventions do not apply to those people in Abu Ghraib prison and Guantanamo , and we 've said we can torture prisoners and deprive them of an accusation of a crime to which they are accused . " Carter also said President Bush creates his own definition of human rights . Carter 's comments come on the heels of an October 4 article in The New York Times disclosing the existence of secret Justice Department memorandums supporting the use of "  harsh interrogation techniques . " These include "  head-slapping , simulated drowning and frigid temperatures , " according to the Times . The White House last week confirmed the existence of the documents but would not make them public . Responding to the newspaper report Friday , Bush defended the techniques used , saying , "  This government does not torture people . " Asked about Bush 's comments , Carter said , "  That 's not an accurate statement if you use the international norms of torture as has always been honored -- certainly in the last 60 years since the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was promulgated . "  But you can make your own definition of human rights and say we do n't violate them , and you can make your own definition of torture and say we do n't violate them . " Watch Blitzer 's interview with the former president " After reading a transcript of Carter 's remarks , a senior White House official said , "  Our position is clear . We do n't torture . " The official said , "  It 's just sad to hear a former president speak like that . " Carter also criticized some of the 2008 Republican presidential candidates , calling former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani "  foolish " for his contention the United States should be open to use force on Iran . "  I hope that he does n't become president and try to impose his conviction that we need to go to war with Iran , " Carter said . The Giuliani campaign declined to comment on Carter 's criticism . The former president did n't spare the rest of the GOP field either . "  They all seem to be outdoing each other in who wants to go to war first with Iran , who wants to keep Guantanamo open longer and expand its capacity -- things of that kind , " Carter said . "  They 're competing with each other to appeal to the ultra-right-wing , war-mongering element in our country , which I think is the minority of our total population . " Carter declined to say which Republican candidate he feared the most . "  If I condemn one of them , it might escalate him to the top position in the Republican ranks , " he said . Democratic Sens. Hillary Clinton of New York and Barack Obama of Illinois also drew Carter 's criticism for refusing recently to pledge to withdraw all troops from Iraq by the end of their first terms if they win the presidency in 2008 . "  I disagree with their basic premise that we 'll still be there ; I think the American people want out , " Carter said . "  If there is an unforeseen development where Iraqi people request American presence over a period of time I think that would possibly be acceptable , but that 's not my personal preference . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	President Bush makes up his own definition of human rights , ex-president says U.S. has said "  Geneva Conventions do not apply , " former President Carter says GOP presidential candidates in rush to go to war with Iran , Carter says Sens. Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama criticized for refusing to set Iraq pullout date
CNN  -- As Qatari officials continue their investigation into whether sprinklers and alarms were working during a fire at an upscale shopping mall in Doha , more information surfaced Tuesday about the nationalities of those who perished in the fire . In all , the fire at the Villaggio shopping mall Monday killed 19 people , most of them at a child care center inside that rescuers had to break into from the rooftop . The victims were seven girls , six boys , four teachers , and two would-be rescuers , Qatari officials said . Most of the victims were expatriates : four Spanish nationals ; a set of triplets from New Zealand ; South African child and teacher ; and a 3-year-old French child , according to the foreign ministries of the respective nations . The nationalities of the remaining nine is still unknown . Seventeen others were injured , including firefighters and four children . State news agency QNA agency quoted Brig. Gen. Othman al-Duhaimi , the operations chief for Qatar 's civil defense agency , as saying alarms went off in some shops , and that some of the pipes that carried water for the sprinklers may have been leaking -- and that those issues would be addressed in the investigation . Mall fire : "  Accident waiting to happen ? " Christine Wigton , an American living in Doha , told CNN she heard "  a buzzer , not very loud " as she walked into the mall , but heard no loud alarms as smoke built up inside . Elementary school-age children were eating at some of the restaurants and no one was trying to escape , she said . "  When I got a little bit closer , I realized the smoke was just increasing and people were still shopping . And the smoke kept getting heavier and heavier , " Wigton said . She said she left when the smoke became "  too much . " "  There were no sprinklers , and there was nothing that would tell somebody that something was wrong , " she said . Built in 2006 , the mall advertises itself as "  the newest and the largest entertainment center in Doha . " The Venice-themed complex features gondola rides down an indoor canal , an artificial sky , a 13-screen movie theater , a theme park , skating rink and a bowling alley . Qatar 's interior minister , Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Bin Khalifa Al Thani , said the civil defense office reviews safety standards for commercial buildings before they grant a license . "  The investigation will clarify all the circumstances of the incident and find out the shortcomings and question those who are responsible in order to tackle the matter in the future , " he said in remarks carried by QNA . CNN 's Kim Norgaard , John Dear , Al Goodman and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	In all , 19 people died , most at a child care center The victims are seven girls , six boys , four teachers , and two would-be rescuers Four were Spanish , three from New Zealand ; two from South Africa and one from France The nationalities of the other nine are not known
CNN  -- What role , if any , did legally purchased and consumed marijuana play in a husband 's alleged murder of his wife this week in Denver ? That 's what police are investigating in the shooting death of Kristine Kirk , who called 911 Monday and , according to a police affidavit , said her husband , Richard Kirk , was hallucinating after he had "  taken some marijuana . " "  This is under investigation , " Denver police spokeswoman Raquel Lopez said about the possibility of marijuana use . Kristine Kirk , 44 , told a 911 operator that her husband also may have been on some prescription medication for back pain , according to a police affidavit . The affidavit , written by a police detective , recounts details of the 13-minute 911 call that ended with what the detective described as "  the sound of a gunshot . " According to the affidavit : Kristine Kirk told the 911 operator that her husband was speaking ominously about "  the end of the world " and said he wanted her to shoot him . She said she feared for herself and her three children , who were in the house . "  At one point during the call  she  sounds panicked and tells the 911 operator that Richard was taking the firearm out of the safe , " the affidavit says . Seconds later the 911 operator heard screams and there was a gunshot sound . The call went silent . Police arrived at the home to find Kristine Kirk dead , a gunshot wound to her head . As an officer put Richard Kirk in the backseat of a patrol car , he admitted "  without questioning " that he killed his wife , a police document says . On Friday , Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey charged Richard Kirk with first-degree murder in his wife 's death . It could not be determined Friday whether Kirk had retained an attorney on his own . The Denver public defender 's office did n't immediately return a call . Investigators took a blood sample to determine whether Kirk was under the influence of any substances at the time of the shooting . But even if those blood tests reveal traces of tetrahydrocannabinol -- or THC , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana -- some are saying it 's unfair and irresponsible to blame the killing on his alleged use of marijuana . "  I think there are a lot of facts that we do n't know about this story " said Rachel K. Gillette , executive director of Colorado NORML -- the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws . "  Bottom line : any drug , whether it 's caffeine , nicotine , alcohol , cocaine , prescription drugs -- they all come with certain levels of health risks . That 's one of the reasons we 're right to be regulating  marijuana  " During a search of the Kirk 's home , police found a receipt in the basement for purchases made on the day of the killing at a marijuana dispensary called Nutritional Elements , according to a warrant . Kirk spent $ 32.70 on two items : Karma Kandy Orange Ginger -- a type of candy-form marijuana -- and Pre 98 Kush Pre-Roll -- a pre-rolled joint . Colorado became the first state in the nation to legalize the sale of recreational marijuana , allowing pot stores to open for business on January 1 . A Nutritional Elements employee hung up immediately when a CNN reporter identified himself Friday . "  As tragic as this is " said Gillette , "  we ca n't look at this one isolated incident and say that  legalizing marijuana  was the wrong path to go down . The best way to keep marijuana safe is for regulatory oversight and testing . " Richard Kirk is being held without bond in the Denver Detention Center . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities charge Richard Kirk with first-degree murder in his wife 's death . Denver police say he shot and killed his wife while she was on call to 911 Kristine Kirk told 911 operator husband was hallucinating after he had "  taken some marijuana " Colorado is first state in the nation to legalize the sale of recreational marijuana
CNN  -- OK , so you probably own a smartphone . If you 're a student or someone who travels a lot for work , you almost certainly have a laptop . You may also have a tablet computer , which is great for consulting recipes in the kitchen or watching reruns of "  The Office " in bed . Now you 're expected to buy a miniature tablet , too ? Since Apple introduced its iPad Mini on Tuesday , some commenters on CNN , Twitter and elsewhere have expressed skepticism about the need for the new device . The Mini is slightly larger than rival tablets from Amazon and Google and about two-thirds the size of the current iPads . Prices start at $ 329 , or $ 70 less than a full-size iPad 2 but $ 130 more than a comparable Kindle Fire HD . Analysts agree Apple will probably sell millions of them . But Apple 's stock took a dive when the Mini 's price was announced , and a search of the blogosphere found less excitement among consumers than what greeted the original iPad or the last several iPhones . "  Apple sells the same item every year just in different sizes ... " said CNN commenter named JC Nevarez . Said Marc Georges on Twitter , "  There 's a woman next to me watching video on her Zune . It is the size of a small brick . In other news , Apple announced the iPad Mini today . " CNN commenter RDNinja wrote , "  They 've got so many different sizes of iPhones and iPads , why do n't they just custom-make every device to the dimensions I ask for when I buy it ? " Consumers could get whiplash from the way phones and tablets have grown and shrunk in size in recent years . Fueled by interest in watching video and playing games , smartphone screens have been gradually getting larger -- from about 3.5 inches , measured diagonally , to almost 5 inches . Meanwhile , tablets have been getting smaller . The original iPad and its first wave of rivals measured about 10 inches across , but more recent entries such as Amazon 's Kindle Fire and Google 's Nexus 7 have been 7 inches -- small enough to slip into a coat pocket . The iPad Mini measures 7.9 inches diagonally and is 5.3 inches wide -- pocketable , at least according to this blog . Blogger Dan Nosowitz , tongue planted in cheek , declared the Mini 's trade-paperback size will make it a more highbrow option for e-book lovers than the smaller Kindle Fire , which more resembles a mass-market paperback . "  Wide rectangles are classier than narrow rectangles , " he wrote . "  My conclusion : the iPad Mini will be for literary snobs , and the Kindle Fire will be for dumb-dumbs who read airport garbage books . Kindle Fire owners will read E.L. James , and iPad Mini owners will read E.L. Doctorow . You heard it here first . " As phones and tablets merge , manufacturers must find that sweet spot between a device that 's easily portable and one with a screen big enough not to cause eyestrain after an hour or two . "  It will clearly come down to personal preference , " said Ross Rubin , a principal analyst at Reticle Research . "  The dividing line has historically been what would fit in a pocket . Also , the traditional ergonomics of holding something next to your face , or holding something in one hand . " The Mini weighs less than half as much as a full-size iPad . In describing it on Tuesday , Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller said it was about the size and weight of a pad of paper . "  Barnes & Noble and Amazon have known this for a while -- that this size product strikes a great balance of mobility and capability for on-the-go usage , as well as ` single hand use , ' which is critical to reading and viewing . This has always been a drawback to the larger iPad . You simply ca n't hold it for a long period of time , " said Robert Brunner , an industrial designer whose firm helped develop Barnes & Noble 's Nook e-reader . "  As for whether iPad Mini is an addition or a replacement for iPad owners , it 's probably both , " added Brunner , who has also worked at Apple . "  Some crazy people will want both , and some will find its size more compelling for everyday use . Studies have shown that most iPads stay in the home , around the coffee table , but the iPad Mini will be a much more mobile device . " But there 's the question of how many gadgets people actually need . Will consumers shell out $ 329 and up  to $ 659 , depending on storage and connectivity  for a device that 's not that much bigger than the smartphone they already own ? Many online commenters say they do n't see the point . "  I COULD get the iPad Mini , or I could literally just keep using my iPhone and see no difference , " said Krista Doyle on Twitter . "  The iPad  revolutionary when it was released  deserves every bit of praise and success it has garnered thus far . But today , Apple did n't debut an innovative product , " wrote Jason Evangelho on Forbes.com . "  Today they debuted a clone . " Then again , people in 2010 expressed doubts about the original iPad , calling it little more than a bigger iPod Touch . Apple CEO Tim Cook announced Tuesday that the company has sold more than 100 million of them .	Some Web commenters say they do n't see the point of the new iPad Mini Consumers could get whiplash from how phones , tablets have grown and shrunk in size As phones and tablets seem to merge , manufacturers must find that sweet spot in between
CNN  -- It 's depressing to see what has become of the Republican Party , where immigration is concerned . A political party that , just 30 years ago , stood tall in defense of freedom and embodied the limitless opportunity for which America is famous is now stuck playing defense . We 've gone from Ronald Reagan declaring , "  Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall " in Berlin to Republican Sens. Bob Corker of Tennessee and John Hoeven of North Dakota demanding another 700 miles of border fencing along the U.S.-Mexico border . At least these two senators are proposing something . The naysayers who have pounded away daily at the Senate immigration bill in the hopes of defeating it have not , for the most part , set forth any credible or reasonable proposals of their own . The best they can do is to block what someone else has proposed . That 's their definition of victory . That 's the game in the House of Representatives , where the debate is headed now that the Senate has approved the immigration reform bill by a vote of 68 to 32 . The "  yes " votes included 14 from Republicans . Many of them came at a high price -- more than $ 30 billion in new border enforcement measures , via the Corker-Hoeven amendment . But where are the new ideas about how to provide a legal workforce of laborers who will do jobs that Americans shun ? Where was the effort to streamline the legal immigration process so that those who play by the rules are n't punished for doing so ? Aside from the four Republican senators in the Gang of Eight -- Marco Rubio , John McCain , Lindsey Graham and Jeff Flake -- most of the senators who voted "  yes " on the final bill had offered nothing to make it better . Leadership requires more than simply voting the right way . Reagan , who said during the 1980 campaign that he supported giving legal status to illegal immigrants and who in 1986 signed an amnesty bill that legalized more than 3 million people -- would be ashamed of what has become of his party . Today , when it comes to immigration , there is no imagination , boldness or grandeur . Republican leaders could choose to pitch Americans on several big themes -- optimism , hope , renewal , confidence , etc. . They could try to convince us that our country 's best days are ahead of it , and that immigrants will help lead the way . Instead , Republicans are doing what comes easy : peddling fear and scaring the wits out of everyday Americans . This is not exactly new . In the mid-18th century , Benjamin Franklin tried to scare his fellow Americans into thinking that German immigrants would soon "  be so numerous as to Germanize us instead of us Anglifying them . " Later , it was feared that the Chinese were "  not assimilable " into society , that the Irish were -- in the words of Sen. Henry Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts -- "  diminishing the quality of our citizenship , " and that the Italians were naturally predisposed to criminal behavior . And of course , no matter who was coming ashore , there were always the perennial fears that newcomers take jobs , consume resources , spread disease , crowd schools and lower the standard of living for everyone else . Remarkably , over the last 230 years , the script has stayed pretty much the same . Only the actors changed . This so-called nation of immigrants has always been afraid of immigrants . I 've been listening in to the latest round of fear mongering -- "  Fear 2.0 " -- which is epitomized by the handful of Republican lawmakers , and their allies , who have spent the last few months trying to defeat the Senate bill . You hear it from talk radio , right-wing blogs and conservative columnists . The goal is to convince us that , if Congress passes immigration reform and grants legal status to millions of illegal immigrants , Americans should be afraid of 10 things . -- that those who gain legal status will include , in the words of the union representing immigration agents , child molesters , drunken drivers and gang members ; -- that more immigrants will come illegally in the months to come , because of the promise of legalization ; -- that more immigrants will come legally in the years to come , sponsored by newly legalized family members ; -- that those who get legal status wo n't learn English or assimilate but instead create a country within a country ; -- that the newly legalized will go on welfare , usurp public benefits and bankrupt the system ; -- that this is a fool 's errand for the GOP because the immigrants wo n't vote for Republicans anyway ; -- that the newly legalized might , upon becoming citizens , actually punish Republicans for years of mistreatment ; -- that the country is changing demographically to the point where whites will soon be in the minority , and a legalization program would only speed up the process ; -- that immigrants will worsen population growth , overcrowd our schools , and lower Americans ' standard of living ; -- and , finally , that this will create , as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas claims , a "  de facto affirmative action " by providing an incentive to employers to hire them over U.S. citizens because they 're not covered by Obamacare mandates . This is the Republican message in all its glory . It 's based on speculation and half-truths and worst-case scenarios that make the most sense to those who know the least about immigrants . It 's not accurate . It 's not logical . It 's not pretty . And it 's not helpful . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : GOP naysayers hammer at immigration reform , but offer no ideas He says a few Republicans voted yes on Senate bill , but even those came at high cost He says immigration advocate Reagan would be ashamed of party 's fear-mongering He says GOP peddles illogical , inaccurate reasons to hold up immigration reform
CNN  -- Legislation providing for government-funded contraception and sex education classes in the Philippines will take effect in mid-January , according to a spokeswoman for President Benigno Aquino . Aquino signed the bill on December 21 , deputy presidential spokeswoman Abigail Valte said in a statement released Saturday . Lawmakers nearly two weeks ago approved the legislation , and a reconciliation committee was tasked with working out differences in the versions passed by the two houses . Despite widespread popular support , the Catholic Church opposed the measure , saying it will destroy marriage and morality in the Philippines . More than 80 % of the Philippines ' 96 million residents are Catholic . Passage of the bill closed a divisive chapter in the country 's history , said Valte , according to the official Philippines News Agency . The act "  opens the possibility of cooperation and reconciliation among different sectors in society : engagement and dialogue characterized not by animosity , but by our collective desire to better the welfare of the Filipino people , " she said . Read one senator 's opinion : ` Why we fought ' Sen. Edgardo Angara , who voted for the measure , called the bill "  an affirmation of human rights , " according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . "  We have to consider that not all Filipinos are Catholics . We have Muslims , Protestants , Buddhists , nonbelievers , " he said at the time of the bill 's passage , according to ABS-CBN .	President Benigno Aquino signs legislation The bill provides sex education classes and government-funded contraception It will take effect in mid-January The Catholic Church opposed it
CNN  -- A 4-year-old autistic boy who was missing after four bodies were discovered near his Florida home has been found safe , authorities said Friday . Police had "  grave concerns " about Ismael Tristan Santisteban 's safety , saying he was believed to be with 28-year-old Adam Matos , who they would later name a suspect in the quadruple homicide . "  Thank God Tristan is OK , " Pasco County Sheriff Chris Nocco said . An investigative effort by an alphabet soup of Florida law enforcement agencies , plus tips from the public , helped lead police to Matos and Tristan at the Floridan Palace Hotel in Tampa , about 40 miles from the home in Hudson where the bodies were found . The relationship between Tristan and Matos remained unclear -- some told police they were father and son , and others described Matos as a "  father figure " to the boy . Pasco County sheriff 's deputies and Tampa police prepared their SWAT teams once the pair was found , but in the end used a less forceful approach to apprehend Matos . Police lured Matos out of his hotel room with a "  ruse , " Tampa police Chief Jane Castor said . He did n't put up a fight , Nocco said . Castor said that investigators who have talked with Tristan report that the boy is unharmed and is cooperating with police . Matos was arrested on aggravated assault charges stemming from an August 28 incident when he allegedly put a knife up to Tristan 's mother . Matos is the suspect in the killings of the four adults -- two men and two women -- who were found on hill about three-quarters of a mile from the house in Hudson , Nocco said . The names of the victims have not been released , pending confirmation of their identities via DNA tests , he said . Matos was briefly employed as a dishwasher at a seafood restaurant down the street from the home , CNN affiliate Bay News 9 reported . He worked there for about seven to 10 days but stopped coming in last week , according to managers at the restaurant . "  One day , he said he had to watch his son and then we never saw him , " said John Hill , the owner . Managers said Matos last came to the restaurant on August 29 to pick up his last paycheck . Missing British boy with brain tumor found in Spain ` Missing ' boy found in basement tells of grueling forced exercise CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Suzanne Presto and Teri Genova contributed to this report .	4-year-old Ismael Tristan Santisteban has been found safe Sheriff 's deputies found four bodies near the boy 's home The man the boy was with is a suspect in the killings
CNN  -- Nathan Cox-Reed has a toothache . He thinks he needs a root canal , but the full-time student , 22 , is uninsured . He ca n't afford a trip to the dentist . "  I 'm only working 30 hours a week . I would n't have enough money to do something like that , " said Cox-Reed , a film and video student at Columbia College in Chicago . While many young adults are now covered by the Affordable Care Act , able to remain on their parents ' insurance until age 26 , the rules are different for those like Cox-Reed , who grew up in the foster care system . There are more than 400,000 children in foster care in the United States , the Department of Health and Human Services said last year . All are provided with health care coverage as long as they are wards of the state . When foster kids turn 18 , they age out of the system and instantly lose their coverage . That 's about to change , when another part of Obamacare takes effect on January 1 , 2014 . Medicaid coverage will be extended for former foster youth until they reach 26 , as long as the individual was in foster care and enrolled in Medicaid until the age of 18 . "  I definitely think it would be a big relief , and I would definitely feel more secure as far as my health goes , " Cox-Reed said . But there 's a catch . Cox-Reed has dreams of traveling across the nation and becoming a filmmaker . A future relocation could jeopardize his medical coverage . States will only be required to keep former foster children on Medicaid if they continue to reside in the state where they were in foster care originally . CNNMoney : Most individual health insurance is n't good enough for Obamacare This part of the provision is "  an incredibly troubling aspect , " said Washington attorney Brooke Lehmann , who founded the child and family advocacy group Childworks . Young adults can be highly mobile as they move for educational purposes , job opportunities and a host of other reasons , she said . "  You ca n't be on a film set if you are uninsured , " Cox-Reed said . "  You could get hurt . I definitely think -LSB- being uninsured -RSB- is limiting and it 's a letdown , because what if I do get a job out of state ? I might not be able to take it . " While "  it 's a great provision , " said Joan Alker , co-executive director of the Georgetown Center for Children and Families and a professor at the Georgetown University Health Policy Institute , limiting extended Medicaid enrollment because of relocation could threaten the provision 's effectiveness . She , Lehmann and other child advocates wrote a letter , circulated by the Children 's Defense Fund , to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services at the Department of Health and Human Services , which is working on the revisions before this part of the ACA is implemented in 2014 , asking them to reconsider this limitation . Even if this part of the ACA is reinterpreted , former foster children like Cox-Reed may face other challenges with the existing system -- namely , not all doctors and dentists accept Medicaid . Vicki Rodriguez , 20 , who grew up in foster care in Illinois , found that out the hard way . She needs someone to remove her wisdom teeth , but ca n't find a single dentist who will take her Medicaid card and she ca n't afford to pay for it on her own . "  My tooth on my left side is coming in sideways , and it 's pushing my other teeth forward , " she said . "  I ca n't go anywhere because it could cost about $ 3,000 -LSB- including -RSB- the X-rays and everything else that they have to do before . " Rodriguez believes having coverage extended until she reaches 26 would be "  really awesome , " but noted that even those with coverage are limited . "  People think , ` Oh yeah , the foster kids have everything covered for them , they can get everything done with their medical card , ' but it 's not true , " she said . "  There 's really a lot that we ca n't do . " Former foster youth works on Hill to change child welfare system Lehmann recalls one of her past clients , who she said was "  actively psychotic and suicidal " : It took two years for her to obtain medication , Lehmann said , because of the difficulty in finding a psychiatrist who would take Medicaid . "  The reimbursement rates are abysmal " for providers , she said . Health and Human Services has not responded to the child advocates ' letter and did not respond to repeated requests for comment from CNN on the matter . The advocates , including Alker and Lehmann , say enrollment in Medicaid should be faster and easier to ensure all eligible young adults are enrolled without obstacles . An outreach campaign could inform eligible individuals so former foster youth are aware of the opportunity , they say . "  States are still trying to figure out how these former foster youth can be identified , how they can let young adults know that this benefit is open to them and how they can enroll , " Lehmann said . CNN 's Jen Christensen contributed to this report .	Foster kids currently age out of health coverage at 18 A new Obamacare provision takes effect in January , extending coverage to age 26 But moving out of state can end health coverage for former foster kids
Cairo  CNN  -- President Mohamed Morsy marked a year in office by admitting Wednesday to having made mistakes but vowing to correct them . "  I want to tell you , frankly , that I made mistakes in many things , and I was right in several other things , " he said in a televised address from the Cairo International Conference Center . "  Mistakes were made , but correction should be done , " he said to applause . Morsy then launched into a defense of his record and a list of plans to improve on it . He said he had ordered the interior minister to form a unit to combat "  thuggery " and terrorism , including the blocking of roads , according to the state-run Ahram Online news agency . He announced the formation of a committee to examine proposed constitutional amendments and invited political parties to submit their proposals as soon as Thursday . The president further ordered the formation of a "  national reconciliation committee " comprising representatives of political parties , the Al-Azhar Mosque , the Coptic Orthodox Church , so-called revolutionary forces and nongovernmental organizations . The committee , he said , will be charged with promoting "  national dialogue " among political factions . Morsy said he was authorizing government ministers and regional governors to sack any officials found to have contributed to recent crises or shortages . In response to Egypt 's gasoline shortage , which has resulted in long lines outside the stations , the president said any gas station found to be hoarding fuel would lose its license . Finally , Morsy ordered government ministers and provincial governors to appoint advisers younger than 40 years of age to their respective teams . He stressed that young people -- who are among his fiercest critics -- must assume a greater role in the country 's affairs and vowed to lower the unemployment rate from 13 % to 8 % . "  The youth were never given a chance to play a role in the country , and for that I am sorry , " he said . "  I will make sure they do soon . " Morsy highlighted his administration 's efforts to serve the poor , saying that the monthly minimum wage has risen to 700 Egyptian pounds and "  will hopefully " reach 1,500 , public sector salaries have nearly doubled and more than 50,000 small-scale farmers have had their loans forgiven . Morsy 's remarks came on the same day that at least one person was killed and 298 were injured when his supporters clashed with protesters in front of provincial security headquarters in Daqahliya province , an official said . Dr. Khaled Khatib , head of emergency care units in the province , told state-run EgyNews Agency that the injured were taken to hospitals in Mansoura , 120 kilometers  about 75 miles  north of Cairo . The clashes included conservative Muslims and opponents from the Tamarod -- or "  Rebellion " -- campaign , as well as members of leftist parties in Mansoura . The city is a stronghold of the Muslim Brotherhood , in which Morsy once played a leadership role . Stores and cars were damaged in the clashes . Security forces fired tear gas to disperse the groups . In the Egyptian Suez Canal city of Port Said , the army reinforced its presence on Wednesday , three days ahead of planned anti-government protests , the state-run Ahram Online news agency reported . The army has been deployed to key locations in the port city since January , when riots erupted after 21 people were sentenced to death in the Port Said football killings . Morsy announced a state of emergency for the region . Armored vehicles toured the city 's streets on Wednesday afternoon , before parking in front of the governorate headquarters . Residents cheered the forces ' presence . Egypt is bracing for anti-government protests on Sunday , called for by members of the "  Rebel " group , who seek to hold snap elections . The campaign , which has gathered 15 million endorsements , accuses the president of "  failing to implement policies to improve the life of ordinary people , " citing Egypt 's increasingly dire economic situation . Some Egyptians are calling for the army -- which was in charge of the country for an interim period following the 25 January revolution -- to take over power for a temporary period and appoint a new government , in the event that Morsy resigns . Morsy was elected in June 2012 after narrowly beating contender and Mubarak regime figure Ahmed Shafiq . "  Since the arrival of  Morsy  to power , the average citizen still has the feeling that nothing has been achieved so far from the revolution goals , which were life in dignity , freedom , social justice and national independence , " the Tamarod campaign states . "  Morsy  was a total failure in achieving every single goal , no security has been re-established and no social security realized . " The unrest prompted the U.S. Embassy in Cairo to close to the public on Sunday , which is normally a work day in Egypt . The Egyptian military has said it would intervene if Morsy 's Salafi supporters carry out their threats to break up the protests by force . Salafis are hard-line Islamists who have called for Sharia law to be adopted in the country . Egypt 's Mubarak wins petition but will stay detained Morsy came to power amid hopes that he could improve the lives of Egyptians after two decades of rule by President Hosni Mubarak , who was ousted in 2011 . With Egypt in limbo , schools crumbling CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	An opposition group is planning mass protests in Egypt on Sunday Protesters are calling for the impeachment of President Mohamed Morsy "  Nothing has been achieved so far from the revolution goals , " a dissident group says U.S. citizens are advised to maintain a low profile , the embassy says
CNN  They were known for their quiet professionalism and dedication . One recently received a high military honor for rendering aid to a wounded comrade in Afghanistan while under enemy fire . One had served a tour in Kosovo . The 11 service members who died in an Army Black Hawk helicopter crash Tuesday off the Florida Panhandle were n't only a loss to their country . They leave behind wives , fiancees , parents , children and friends . They will be missed . And remembered . Seven of those on the helicopter were Marines based at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . Four served with the Louisiana National Guard . A 21-year member of the Guard , Griffin had served in Iraq in 2004-05 and 2008-09 . He 'd also been deployed during Hurricanes Katrina , Rita and Isaac , said Maj. Gen. Glenn Curtis , adjutant general of the Louisiana National Guard . "  G. Wayne Griffin was born to be an Army aviator , " said Chief Warrant Officer 5 Reggie Lane on the state Guard 's website . "  He had a tremendous passion for flying . " Griffin , a resident of Delhi , is survived by his wife and four children . The Alexandria resident was known for his outsized personality . "  He was more like a force of nature , " said Maj. Andre Jeansonne of the 135th Aviation Regiment . "  His huge heart touched the lives of all he met . " Strother had deployed to Iraq , Afghanistan and just last year to Kosovo . He also served during Hurricanes Katrina , Rita and Isaac . He commissioned as a warrant officer but went on to become an instructor pilot with more than 2,400 flight hours , including more than 700 combat hours . Strother leaves behind a wife , a son and a stepdaughter . Bergeron enlisted in the Marines in 1998 and joined the National Guard in 2001 . He 'd deployed to Iraq twice and served during state deployments for Hurricanes Katrina , Rita and Isaac . Sgt. 1st Class Brian Marquez called Bergeron one of the most qualified crew chiefs in the Guard , with more than 1,300 flight hours , including 377 combat hours . "  He was a subject matter expert in his job , " Marquez said . The Thibodaux resident is survived by his wife and two children . Florich came from Fairfax County , Virginia , and enlisted in the Louisiana National Guard in 2007 as a Black Hawk repairer . He served during state deployments for Operation Deepwater Horizon and Hurricane Isaac , the Guard 's website said . "  Tom was full of life , and his personality could light the room , " Marquez said . "  He will be greatly missed by the unit and the flight facility . " Florich is survived by his wife , father and stepmother . He was posthumously promoted from sergeant to staff sergeant . Theresa D. Hipple was thrilled her stepdaughter , Erika , planned to marry Bawol this October . After all , the Warren , Michigan , Marine "  was an all-around wonderful guy -- the kind of guy you would want your daughter to marry , " Hipple told The Macomb Daily in Michigan . High school chums told the newspaper they jokingly called Bawol "  The Patriot " because he always seemed to do the proper thing . He was a stand-up guy you could depend on . Friends said Bawol enjoyed hunting trips and was in peak physical shape . Bawol had completed a tour in Afghanistan . "  The pain will linger , " Hipple said . "  I do n't know that you ever get over it . " Bawol joined the Marines while attending Olivet College to play baseball . The Orion Veterans Memorial in Lake Orion , Michigan , contains a brick with Blaylock 's name and the words "  U.S. Marines . " For his wife and two daughters , the meaning of that brick this week took on new meaning , police Chief Jerry Nash told the Oakland Press . "  He gave everything he had to ensure that we 're free and safe , and that 's all that we can ever ask of our servicemen , " Narsh said . Blaylock , a swimmer in high school , attended Henry Ford Community College before enlisting . He was deployed to Iraq in 2007 and 2008 . He was deployed to Afghanistan from 2013 to 2014 . Flynn hailed from Reading , England , and moved to Queens , New York , in 2002 . He enlisted four years later and was sent to Iraq the next year . A stint in Afghanistan followed , from January to September 2012 . He saw service there again from November 2013 to June 2014 . Kemp , a native of Memphis , Tennessee , moved as a child to Port Washington , Wisconsin . He was proud to be a Marine , husband and a dad . His daughter turns 1 later this month . The sergeant was a pretty private guy and did n't talk a lot about his service , his sister-in-law told CNN affiliate WISN-TV in Wisconsin . But he knew how to have fun . When he was n't golfing or at the ocean on his time off , Kemp horsed around with his nephews , WISN reported . "  He would wrestle with them . He really got into that , the wrestling and playing . He 'd carry them around on his back , " said sister-in-law Lora Waraksa . Kemp saw service in Iraq as a machine gunner and went to Afghanistan from November 2013 to June 2014 . Just last week , the Fairbanks , Alaska , native received the Silver Star for conspicuous gallantry while rendering aid to a wounded buddy in Afghanistan . Seif and his small team moved in on a compound on July 24 , 2012 , while searching for an expert on improvised explosive devices . A sergeant was wounded by gunfire . Seif , without waiting for reinforcements , "  dynamically and courageously " secured the compound , took out the enemy insurgent and tried to help his comrade , all while under enemy fire . The wounded sergeant did not survive . "  Marines never leave anybody behind , " Marine Maj. Gen. Joseph L. Osterman said at the ceremony at Camp Lejeune . Seif 's wife was with him during the medal presentation . Seif was named the USO 's Marine of the Year in 2013 . The organization cited his heroism in Afghanistan and his commander 's description of the Marine 's "  tenacity , vigor and common sense that he applies to every task or endeavor he undertakes . " His family moved to Holland , Michigan , when he was a teen . He deployed to Iraq in 2008 and was sent to Afghanistan a couple years later . Saunders lived in Williamsburg , Virginia , a city important in the early history of the Colonies and the move toward independence from Britain . He was born in Bonn , Germany , and graduated from high school in Virginia . His deployments included Kosovo , Iraq and Afghanistan . The Marine Corps Association and Foundation named Saunders the "  critical skills operator of the year " in 2014 . The Marine leaves behind his wife and son . A native of Basking Ridge , New Jersey , Shaw was captain of the varsity lacrosse team and high school student government president at Ridge High School . He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy and became a Marine officer . Shaw was deployed to Anbar province in Iraq in 2007 and returned there in 2009 . He also saw service in Japan . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Justin Lear and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Eleven service members died in helicopter crash last week off Florida Panhandle Seven were Marines ; four served with Louisiana National Guard
CNN  -- Gen. Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain , a bespectacled college professor turned soldier in the defense of the Union , often returned to Gettysburg , that legendary battlefield where on a grim and terrible July day in 1863 , Chamberlain and his regiment , the 20th Maine , held the extreme left flank of the Union army against an attack by near overwhelming odds , launched by equally gallant troops from Alabama . Chamberlain 's regiment held the line . As the years passed , the Medal of Honor recipient would go back to Gettysburg with comrades to contemplate and to pray . He came to call that hallowed ground the "  Vision Place of Souls . " He wrote that where great deeds were accomplished , a "  spirit " of greatness lingered . What would he and his comrades , and those who faced them beneath that hot July sun say to us today ? For our "  Vision Place of Souls , " are now off limits , forbidden lands , "  Verboten " to all . What would they say to us ? In what is described as a government shutdown , the Beltway around Washington is still jammed with the commuters to federal offices , White House and congressional staffers continue to work , but by a highly selective process , our national memorials to the living and fallen who served in World War II , Korea and Vietnam are closed . Few veterans have the means to travel to remote islands of the Pacific , the beaches of Normandy , the woods of the Hurtgen and Bastogne to visit but one more time their "  Vision Place , " where with family and comrades they can say , "  Here I fought , " or say , "  Here is where my friend Charlie -- remember my telling you about him ? -- here is where he died . " For them , the monuments have become their ` Vision Place , " their gathering place , the place of remembrance , of pride , and of tears . To selectively close off such places is nothing less than vindictive , a national disgrace that We the People have allowed to continue for more than a week after its implementation . But far more egregious has been the closing of our military cemeteries overseas . England , France , Belgium , Luxembourg , in remembrance of the supreme sacrifice made by so many Americans , deeded to us in perpetuity the land where tens of thousands now rest beneath crosses and stars of David , row upon row . Those few acres are , forever , the soil , the very soul of America . It is fashionable for some to view current European politics and policies with disdain . But when it comes to the sacrifice in blood we gave for their freedom , believe me , there is still utmost respect on their part . When I travel there with veterans , they are greeted with respect , warmth , handshakes , embraces and tears . While we appear to have forgotten , they have not . I have traveled twice to Omaha Beach with a veteran of that assault . Most of you who read this have seen the movie "  Saving Private Ryan , " the opening scene when Ryan , now an old man , walks into the cemetery and stops at the grave of his comrade and all but collapses . I have been there , I have seen that for real . I personally call the pathway from the parking lot , to where the walkway turns and suddenly you behold the thousands upon thousands of graves , the "  place of tears . " I call it that for the reaction of nearly all is the same . A slowing of pace as they turn the corner of the pathway and behold the cemetery for the first time . Nearly all stop for a moment , and so many  myself included  begin to weep . I will never forget my elderly friend , after checking into a small office to find the resting place of a friend amid all those thousands of graves , stoically pressed on until he found the grave he was looking for , and then the tears flowed . Now that place is off-limits to veterans , to families looking for the resting place of a loved one , for so many of us who just felt a heart driven need to come and offer our respect and thanks , we are barricaded off , denied , almost as if it is still enemy-occupied territory . A few acres of hallowed ground of American , that our own government now forbids us to visit . This is no longer a fight about a budget , about "  Obamacare , " about the intransigence of a few in Congress , and I state that regardless of whom you might blame . This is about arrogance , about heartless disregard . It is about a shameful display of self-aggrandizing power that shouts "  I forbid , " and We the People , descendants of our Revolutionary forefathers are expected to obey with heads bowed and turn away in obedience . The Constitution of the United States empowers the president to serve as commander-in-chief of our armed services . Mr. President , you have the power to take down the barricades to our "  Vision Place of Souls . " I challenge you , Mr. President , that there is a simple alternative to what is now transpiring . Detail but a few hundred military police to stand guard instead . There is not a man or woman in uniform who would not volunteer for such service , for the honor to stand watch over their comrades . Mr. President , tear down the barricades of dishonor . Let serving members of our military stand watch instead . Denying We the People our "  Vision Place of Souls " is an act of dishonor that will not be forgotten ... or forgiven . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Forstchen .	William Forstchen : There 's no excuse for closing military memorials He says such places are special , particularly for those who fought for the U.S. Forstchen : President should use active military police to guard these monuments
CNN  -- Mother Earth , it 's shower time . The planet wo n't be awash in water early Saturday , but rather meteors . It 's part of an annual astronomical event known as the Leonid meteor shower , falling in mid-November as the Earth passes through debris from Comet Tempel-Tuttle . "  We 're predicting a normal year of 15 to 20 meteors per hour , " said Bill Cooke of NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office , according to a story on the space agency 's website . The fun begins Friday night , with the peak activity expected around 4:30 a.m. ET the next morning , according to NASA . For those wishing to wish on a shooting star , Cooke recommends bundling up , getting away from the city lights and lying on your back  assuming you are able to still stay awake in doing so  . One thing that stargazers have working to their advantage , assuming clouds do n't muddle the festivities , is the fact the moon is in a crescent setting , meaning its light is less likely to obscure the show . Thankfully , there 's no chance the Earth will crash into Comet Tempel-Tuttle this year . It was last in the solar system 's inner orbit and closest to our planet in early 1998 , NASA explains , and it wo n't be back for another 33 years . But it left "  a stream of dusty debris , " known as Leonid meteors , when it moved on through . Some of these remnants have drifted into the Earth 's orbital path -- and when our planet passes by , the meteors seem to be falling from the area of the constellation Leo , the lion . The relatively small bits of rock will enter the planet 's atmosphere though they wo n't get far , burning up before they can hit the Earth , according to StarDate magazine , which is a product of the University of Texas ' McDonald Observatory .	The Leonid meteor shower occurs every year in mid-November It happens as the Earth passes a comet 's debris that 's now in its orbital path A NASA expert predicts 15 to 20 meteors per hour this year
"  Be kind , please rewind , " the signs used to say in video stores , urging customers to return their rented VHS tapes spooled back to the beginning . If only Blockbuster could rewind back to the 1990s . That was the time when the video chain was the colossus of the movie-rental business , with stores in seemingly every city shopping district and suburban strip mall in America . Visiting the store was a weekly rite for many people , who would show up on Friday evenings to check out the latest releases , navigating a crush of couples and families who had exactly the same idea -- only to find out that the last copy of "  Air Force One " or "  The Lion King " had already been snagged . That custom is now as gone as a world with three television networks , a UHF station 's late show and a Zenith Space Command . On Wednesday , DISH Network , which purchased Blockbuster in 2011 , announced it was closing the chain 's 300 remaining U.S.-based retail stores , as well as its distribution centers . "  Consumer demand is clearly moving to digital distribution of video entertainment , " said DISH president and CEO Joseph P. Clayton in the press release about the closures . His statement echoes many from recent years about the migration of entertainment from physical objects -- CDs , DVDs , books , games -- to bits , bytes and pixels available on various screens and portable devices . Blockbuster will continue its Blockbuster @Home brand to DISH customers , as well as its Blockbuster On Demand streaming service . And an additional 50 Blockbuster stores not owned by DISH will remain open for the time being . Reaction : Jokes and shrugs The action was long expected . Blockbuster had been closing stores for years , as is obvious from the yawning vacancies still present in many of those very same strip malls . The chain was done in by Netflix , streaming video and a world of Internet options . Reaction from that Internet was , of course , swift and pithy . Several posts on Twitter made fun of the store 's late fees -- the bane of people who could n't get their rental back in the standard 48 hours -- and the VHS tapes that made Blockbuster 's name . "  I knew this day would come . I 'm mere months away from owning a VHS copy of The Mighty Ducks without paying my late fees to Blockbuster , " wrote Brian Essbe . "  Yes ! All the Blockbuster Video Stores are closing ! That means they 'll never get back that VHS tape of Vampire In Brooklyn . I won ! " added actor and comedian Paul Scheer . Other commenters just shrugged . Many said they did n't even realize Blockbuster had any stores left . In a headline , The New York Times put it best : "  Internet Kills the Video Store . " But Dan Herbert , author of the forthcoming book "  Videoland " and a film professor at the University of Michigan , wants to praise Blockbuster , not bury it . The stores were clean and family-friendly , with wider aisles and a bigger emphasis on movie selection than the mom-and-pops that dotted the landscape in the 1980s , he said . "  They really standardized video rental in general , " Herbert said . As with many franchises , at its height Blockbuster often came in for criticism . The chain put many mom-and-pop stores out of business . Befitting its name , it generally catered to a blockbuster mentality : Hit releases filled shelves by the dozens , but independent and foreign-language films could be hard to come by . The stores would n't carry NC-17 films at all . And then there was the Blockbuster clerk , easily recognized in a blue knit shirt , who was often depicted as either clueless or snotty , depending on how frustrated you were on those crowded Friday nights . But Herbert , a former video clerk himself -- though not at Blockbuster -- points out that Blockbuster was successful for a reason . It had more variety than many video stores : Blockbuster stores were required to have a minimum of 7,000 movies and averaged 10,000 , more than many of its competitors , he said . By doing so , it opened up more of America to more movies  and , later , TV show collections  . Even though Blockbuster itself primarily stuck to cities and suburbs , it became a model for other chains that opened stores in small towns . Playing catch-up If people compared Blockbuster to McDonald 's , that was n't necessarily a knock , said Herbert . "  They self-consciously modeled themselves on McDonald 's , and at various points hired members of McDonald 's upper management , " he said . But over the last decade , business took one hit after another . In a September article , The Billfold 's Christopher Tucker described how independent video stores were put out of business . The same trends affected Blockbuster . First there were DVDs , which were relatively inexpensive and intended for purchase , especially compared to the VHS titles that cost stores up to $ 100 a pop . With the advent of broadband , people started downloading movies and shows -- not always legally . Netflix and Redbox used the slim size of DVDs to their advantage . And finally , "  Hulu was launched , and your average Joe and Josephine were introduced to Cloud Media , " Tucker said . Even Blockbuster 's late fees came back to bite the chain in an unlikely way . In 1997 , a man named Reed Hastings returned a late copy of "  Apollo 13 " to his local Blockbuster . He was assessed a $ 40 fee . Two years later , he founded Netflix . Blockbuster was caught flat-footed by many of these changes . It could have purchased Netflix for $ 50 million in 2000 , but passed . As Netflix rose , Blockbuster 's attempts to compete on Netflix 's terms -- especially through the mail -- foundered . It also tried to compete with Redbox using standalone kiosks . That did n't work , either . By the time Blockbuster was sold to DISH in 2011 , it was down to 1,700 stores , more than 7,000 fewer than its peak just seven years earlier . People had long since started devoting their Friday nights to streaming and downloading at home -- and if they were heading out , it was n't to a Blockbuster . The Onion , of course , nailed it . In a 2008 video headlined "  Historic ` Blockbuster ' Store Offers Glimpse Of How Movies Were Rented In The Past , " the satiric site showcased a Michigan venue that "  aims to transport visitors to a time before the Internet . " Like a version of Colonial Williamsburg , it had actors playing clerks and customers who described how the rental process worked . Onlookers watched the performance , stunned . "  It 's really amazing that people had to go through so much just to get a movie , " says a visitor in the skit .	Blockbuster climbed high in the 1990s on the videotape-rental business The company announced Wednesday it would close its remaining U.S. stores Once-dominant chain was done in by DVDs , streaming , Internet But when Blockbuster was at peak , Friday-night visits were an American rite
CNN  -- Aurora Ogg wakes up every day and goes to work with one mission : connecting people in her community with the Republican Party , so that in November they can be proud to cast a ballot for our candidates . Aurora is the Asian Coalition regional director in Colorado . She 's been on the ground since September of last year , earlier than field staffers like her are usually hired . And she was n't alone . Following the release of the Growth and Opportunity Project report -- a comprehensive post-2012 election review I commissioned -- the Republican National Committee committed to building a permanent , year-round ground game . We immediately began locating and hiring field staff all across the country . Aurora has the full support of the RNC and our resources . Thanks to our multimillion-dollar investment in technology , and the private sector talent we 've brought on board , she has at her fingertips a suite of tools that allow her to identify voters we need to target in her community . The data she 's plugged into is the best in politics . We 've collected data from commercial and political organizations to make sure that we have the most current information needed to contact voters effectively . We 've invested in new predictive analytics that are revolutionizing how our campaigns understand what matters to each individual voter . Not only are we making the data better , we are improving how other Republicans can access our data and provide data back to us . Our new voter relationship management tool , GOP Beacon , makes it easier for people to download and see the data . Our new connecting tool , or application programming interface , allows other committees , candidates and vendors to receive our data automatically and send data back to us in real time . To ensure we recruit the best talent to develop the best tools , we launched a startup-style initiative within the RNC called Para Bellum Labs , and we opened a field office in Silicon Valley . In addition to all these data resources , field staffers like Aurora are given a communications playbook with media lists , information on important surrogates , suggested events to attend and messaging on key issues , as well as access to media training , research and social media help . This is n't just one person 's story . It 's the story of our field staffers across the country -- state directors , data directors , and Hispanic , black , and Asian-American engagement staffers . The RNC has also hired staff dedicated to engaging better with women , youth , people of faith and conservative allies and groups . We have hundreds of staff fanned out , especially in critical midterm states , supporting our candidates and growing our party . Today , 91 % of our political staff is in the field . They support whole teams of precinct captains . We 've recruited more than 12,000 captains nationwide . Those captains have teams of volunteers whose job it is to maintain lasting relationships with sets of people in their communities . They 're listening to their concerns and making sure they hear about the issues they care about . This is all done alongside our state parties and sister committees . That 's why we 've invested millions in our state parties to date . In addition to our on-the-ground work , we 're looking ahead and changing the 2016 presidential primary process so that we have better debates , handpicked moderators and an earlier convention . We have two overarching goals : holding a primary that is more informative and engaging for voters , and having a nominee who enters the general election in a position of strength . It 's been one year since I announced the first actions we 'd take in response to the Growth and Opportunity Project . Today , I can report that we 've fundamentally reshaped the way we do business . The power of our new tools and new strategy was on display last week , when we helped David Jolly win an important special election in Florida 's 13th Congressional District . That victory has Democrats worried about November . Of course , this is just a snapshot . And it 's also just the beginning . There 's much more ahead , including an ad campaign we 're launching this week -- a six-figure ad buy in 14 Senate target states . This campaign is about answering the question , "  Why should I be a Republican ? " People have told us that we need to better communicate what it is Republicans stand for . But instead of the RNC telling people , we asked Republicans to tell the RNC -- and the rest of the country -- what they stand for . Why are they Republicans ? And that 's what you 'll see in these ads . We hope this campaign will help us have that important and ongoing conversation . As for me , I 'm a Republican because I believe all Americans , regardless of where they come from , regardless of where they 're going , should have the chance to create their own American Dreams . That 's a message we 're taking to every American , to every community . And thanks to the actions we 've taken in the last year , we 're better equipped than ever before to do that . We 're going to keep working to earn every voter 's trust , and we 're going keep fighting to earn every American 's vote . We 're guided by the principle that no voter should be taken for granted ; no voter should be overlooked . Because as the great Vince Lombardi , former coach of my Green Bay Packers , said , "  The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary . " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reince Priebus .	Reince Priebus marks a year of changes at the Republican National Committee The RNC created a continuous ground game to put better tools in the field , he says It 's changing how presidential primaries , debates will run Priebus says shift proved successful in Florida special election victory
Three former journalists at Rupert Murdoch 's defunct British tabloid News of the World have pleaded guilty to phone hacking , British media reported Wednesday , citing the prosecution in the case . The three who pleaded guilty are Neville Thurlbeck , James Weatherup and Greg Miskiw . They were among a group of people who went on trial this week in the much-anticipated case . The highest profile defendants are Rebekah Brooks , a protégé of global media baron Murdoch , and Andy Coulson , a former spin doctor for British Prime Minister David Cameron -- both former editors of News of the World . It is not clear how the guilty pleas from the three journalists will affect the cases against their former bosses . The phone-hacking accusations have reverberated through the top levels of British politics and journalism and prompted a parliamentary committee to issue damning criticism of Rupert Murdoch , whose News Corp. owned News of the World through its UK subsidiary , News International . Phone hacking scandal : Fast facts After the scandal , Murdoch stepped down from a string of company directorships and abandoned a multibillion-dollar bid to acquire satellite broadcaster BSkyB . Suspected hacking victims include some of the world 's biggest celebrities , including Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt , Jude Law , Paul McCartney and soccer star Wayne Rooney , as well as victims of crime and the July 7 , 2005 , London terrorist attacks . Brooks and Coulson were close to British Prime Minister David Cameron . Coulson , who edited the News of the World from 2003 to 2007 , went on to become Cameron 's director of communications before resigning early in 2011 . Brooks was a friend of the prime minister and his wife . Brooks , formerly chief executive of News of the World 's parent company , News International , part of Murdoch 's News Corp. empire , also faces a charge of perverting the course of justice . But the most explosive charge against her is plotting in 2002 to eavesdrop illegally on the voice mail of missing British schoolgirl Milly Dowler , who was later found murdered . Public anger after the revelation in 2011 that the missing girl 's phone had been hacked forced Murdoch to close News of the World , which Brooks edited at the time of the hacking . She then became editor of The Sun newspaper before taking up the chief executive role . Murdoch 's News International announces new name Brooks , Coulson and fellow former News of the World employees Stuart Kuttner , Greg Miskiw , Ian Edmondson , Neville Thurlbeck and James Weatherup are accused of conspiring between October 3 , 2000 , and August 9 , 2006 , "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority . " Specifically , the charge asserts that they listened to "  voice mail messages of well-known people . " Brooks , Coulson , Kuttner , Miskiw , Thurlbeck and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire face an additional charge of intercepting Dowler 's messages . Brooks , her husband Charlie Brooks and a former personal assistant also face a separate set of charges of conspiring to obstruct the police investigation into phone hacking . They were charged in May 2012 , along with Brooks ' former driver , a security guard and members of News International security staff , with attempting to pervert the course of justice . The hacking scandal prompted Cameron to set up an independent inquiry , led by Lord Justice Leveson , to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the press with the public , police and politicians . UK newspapers fail to block royal charter on press regulation	Three News of the World journalists plead guilty to phone hacking in trial in London Neville Thurlbeck , James Weatherup and Greg Miskiw plead guilty , report British media Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson are accused of conspiring to hack voice mails They both formerly edited the now-defunct News of the World newspaper
Cannes , France  CNN  -- Their stunt-laden movies have put them among the biggest names in Hollywood -- and this was a stunt made to match the world 's most famous film festival . A who 's - who of action heroes stunned promenaders on the Croisette by arriving in Cannes on tanks ! Sly , Arnie , Dolph - and then those other stars whose cause is helped by the addition of a surname -- Jason  Statham  , Harrison  Ford  , Mel  Gibson  , Antonio  Banderas  , Wesley  Snipes  and , er Kelsey  Grammar  . The muscular military parade came to a halt outside the Carlton Hotel -- the grandest destination on Cannes ' main boulevard -- where the assembled action force waved to hundreds of fans when they were n't posing for selfies . Read more : 5 most controversial film festival moments The CNN team should have been 200 meters further west along the Croisette in the Palais de Festivals watching a screening of Tommy Lee Jones ' much anticipated entry for the Palme D'Or , "  The Homesman . " But this was just too good to miss -- a cinematic guilty pleasure . It took two rows of seats to accommodate the cast members , with Sly and Arnie back row , center stage with the newcomers arranged before them , including the only female member of the cast , Ronda Rouse . The quip-fest began and while Arnie , Sly and Mel could n't resist a few jokey punches and strangleholds , the Expendables crew mostly contented themselves with trading punchlines instead . Talking about the franchise Stallone said "  we finally got it right on the third one -- kinda like marriage . " Laughter accompanied his cheeky shrug . It continued when he was asked what makes the perfect action hero . "  Well you have to be incredibly intelligent , handsome , sexy , good teeth , high IQ , a lot of hair . " But then , like an action hero suddenly remembering a fallen favorite comrade , he became suddenly wistful . "  You know I 'm gon na tell you the truth , I think it 's the hardest thing in the world to find an action person because its an indefinable thing . What makes an audience like a person ? Because it 's not about muscles , because a lot of good action guys are not very muscular , they 're not particularly good looking . There 's something almost intangible and I do n't know what it is , but I know it 's very rare because there 's only been about 15 action heroes -- I mean real serious ones -- in history . " Read more : Kidman 's work as Grace Kelly causes stir Although several of the action heroes he was talking about were there at the press conference , former "  Frasier " star Kelsey Grammar admitted he was n't one of them , as he acknowledged when answering a question directed to the newcomers . "  I would like to thank you for characterizing me as one of the younger actors . I 'm new to action films and I feel my star is just rising . " Antonio Banderas entered the fray , matching Stallone 's earlier wistfulness and raising the stakes with an earnest , poignant account of his early Hollywood career typecast as the baddy with the foreign accent , until 1998 's The "  Mask of Zorro " changed all that and suddenly he was here among the good guys . "  For a Spanish person like me to be invited to be part of this movie , which is kind of a hall of fame for action heroes , means a lot to my community and to me personally . " By the time he 'd finished he had transformed into the cute sad-eyed animated cat he personifies in 2011 animation "  Puss in Boots " and the room was transfixed . But then the "  elephant " in the room was spotted and cautiously approached . For men of a certain age , what precautions do you take to protect yourselves ? Mock indignation ensued . Once again it was Sergeant-Major Stallone who put himself in the line of fire : "  Precautions ! I wish . Precautions are not in the budget . Seriously , everyone gets hurt . I 've had two back operations , neck fused and both shoulders done . We 're talking about hands-on action going all the way back to ` Indiana Jones . ' You did n't have CGI then you just did it . And we take pride in actually taking the bumps and bruises . " Mel Gibson concurred : "  We have a battery of physicians like little elves who come in and fix us every night . " "  Yeah we have a whole wing in the hospital " added Stallone . "  The Mel Gibson wing . " Arnie joined the fun : "  But I think that when you get older things do get easier . When Randy  Couture  picks me up and slams we into a wall it 's a padded wall and when Sly was hitting me in the face he was taking it easy a little bit and when Harrison Ford was shooting me with a gun he did n't use live ammo . " "  You 're ruining the magic now ! " chipped in Kelsey . The theme continued . When will you know when you 're too old to be an action hero ? Sly jumped straight in with an alertness which defied his years : "  I think when you wake up in the morning and your a ** falls off it 's time to go . Let me tell you something -- we are children with arthritis -- we are young forever . "	"  The Expendables 3 " cast members arrive on tanks to promote upcoming blockbuster Action legends Sylvester Stallone , Arnold Schwarzenegger and Dolph Lundgren attend Sly Stallone not ready to give up action yet : "  When your a ** falls off it 's time to retire " Harrison Ford , Mel Gibson and Jason Statham also at hilarious press conference
CNN  -- CBS began to introduce the next host of the "  Late Show , " Stephen Colbert , by having current host David Letterman interview him and take a selfie together on Tuesday night . Letterman called Colbert "  always entertaining , " "  the new kid " and "  my friend . " What Letterman was saying , implicitly , was that he supported CBS 's pick for his successor . CBS announced that it had signed Colbert to a multiyear deal back on April 10 , one week after Letterman revealed that he intends to retire in 2015 . The unspecified timing of the transition came up during the chat between the two comedians . When Letterman asked about family matters , Colbert , who has three kids , said , "  They 're getting ready for me to hang around too much . " He pointed out that he 'll be signing off his Comedy Central show "  The Colbert Report " at the end of the year , "  and then there 's -- I do n't know -- when are you leaving ? I should have asked ! , " Colbert said as Letterman laughed . "  I should have asked . " "  The thing is , " Colbert said , getting back to his family , "  they get nervous , they get nervous . I think they like me , but they get nervous when I 'm around too much . " Colbert appeared as himself , not as his "  Colbert Report " character . Tuesday 's "  Late Show " visit is likely to be the first of many media appearances that introduce the "  real Colbert " to viewers . Colbert also styled himself differently than he usually does on the "  Colbert Report , " further distinguishing between that show and his next late-night act . Instead of glasses with invisible frames , he wore hipster frames , for instance . "  You look good , " Letterman said as Colbert came on stage . "  You look right at home . " Colbert showered praise on Letterman , and remarked at one point , "  I 'm gon na do whatever you have done . " When Letterman responded with mock disapproval , he added , "  It seems to have gone pretty well , Dave ! " "  It 's , it 's gone ON , " Letterman said . During the two-segment interview , Colbert talked about how he applied to be an intern on the "  Late Show " in 1986 and submitted a writing sample for a job in 1997 . "  I was unemployed at a professional level , " Colbert quipped . By the time he heard back from the "  Late Show , " though , the show that became "  Strangers With Candy " -- which Colbert co-created and starred in -- was in the works . True to "  Late Show " form , Colbert read what he said was his actual writing sample from 1997 : a "  Top Ten List " titled "  Top Ten Cocktails for Santa , " with inventions like "  Mama Said Nog You Out , " "  Scrooge Driver " and "  Jack Frost . " When the "  Top Ten List " animation played on screen , Letterman joked , "  Wait a minute ! He does n't get that yet ! " Opinion : Colbert is taking a big risk What is Stephen Colbert like out of character ?	Stephen Colbert appeared on the "  Late Show " with David Letterman Colbert will be the next host of the talk show Letterman plans to retire in 2015
CNN  -- The Internet has erupted with outrage over the Copenhagen 's Zoo 's killing of a healthy young giraffe deemed surplus . Zoos are wholly artificial situations and their animals depend utterly on humans to decide their lives and their fate . That 's obvious . Less obvious is that "  wild " animals the world over now live in de-natured habitats , where humans also largely decide their lives and fate . Here where I live on Long Island , New York , townships of the posh East End are asking federal sharpshooters to kill thousands of deer over the next several years . Needless to say , there 's been controversy . What does it mean to defend nature in a place like this ? When people say there are "  too many " deer , I ask , "  Too many for what ? " If the deer ate every grape in every vineyard and every potted plant on every doorstep , I would n't want anyone to kill them . We 've put homes and farms onto their world , and I think it cruel of us to want to finish the job by killing what survives . You do n't deserve to eat someone 's lunch  or take a life  just because you 've spread your blanket over their picnic . I have no patience for people who want to kill deer because they do n't like the way deer fences look . I keep deer off my vegetables with flexible plastic bird netting ; it 's been 100 % effective  and it 's nearly invisible  . I do n't like to see taxpayers subsidizing farmers by killing deer at public expense , rather than farmers erecting fences . I 'd rather subsidize fences ; we subsidize enough bullets . But for me as an ecologist , those are n't the issues . The question is : What else is happening to remaining land and wildlife when we 've killed all the predators of a large nibbling creature ? I called Marguerite Wolffsohn , a naturalist whom I 've known since we were just kids fresh out of college doing temporary nature-center gigs and looking for jobs . She found a job with the East Hampton 's town planning department .  East Hampton canceled its intended participation in the deer kill this year because it had insufficient time for procedural requirements .  Better than anyone I know , Marguerite works thoughtfully within the totality of the East End deer proposal , the deer controversy , deer lovers and detesters , and -- lest they get left out -- the deer themselves . "  People against the plan to shoot deer feel that killing deer is killing nature , " she said , "  but actually , the deer are killing nature . " Wildflowers , forests and other forest wildlife have all suffered , she says . "  The huge showy lupine displays of 20 years ago have disappeared . Pink lady 's slipper orchids : They 're another good example , practically gone . " The forested areas of the East End now have very little undergrowth -- deer have eaten it . Wolffsohn 's husband , John , a former park ranger and a keenly observing naturalist , added , "  I defy you to find a single hickory , sassafras , beech or oak seedling around here . " And along with the demise of the forest understory went the birds who made a living there . "  We do n't hear hermit thrushes and wood thrushes in the woods behind our house anymore , and very few towhees , " Wolffsohn says , "  And I would n't be surprised if the disappearance of whip-poor-wills here over the last 30 years " -- they nest on the ground , in shady areas -- "  is partly deer-related . " Bobwhite quail , common in our youth and also ground-nesting , have also all but disappeared . Wolffsohn explains that by munching away the forest understory , deer set the stage for an explosion of invasive non-native plants . Garlic mustard is one . "  Deer wo n't eat it and its toxins inhibit other plants , so it just takes over , " she says . "  Japanese barberry is another . " Some birds do eat barberries . Mockingbirds , for instance , rely partly on barberries for winter survival . But the other thing to which barberry bushes give a winter-survival boost is ticks . Barberry bushes create conditions of moisture favorable to ticks . And high densities of deer directly promote high densities of ticks because deer are suitable hosts for the same ticks that spread very nasty diseases like Lyme and babesiosis to humans . So , too many deer for what ? Too many for forests and for other creatures and for human health . Ironically , for decades from the mid-1900s through the 1960s , wildlife management was largely focused on reversing the near-extinction of white-tailed deer . For centuries after Europeans arrived here , deer were shot relentlessly for their value in meat and skin . It 's no coincidence that a dollar is called "  a buck . " Natives had of course hunted them for millennia but never with the thorough efficiency of Europeans . As weapons improved and farms spread , deer vanished from most of their former range . So did their main predators , wolves . U.S. government agents exterminated wolves south of Canada . Wildlife managers scrambled to prevent deer extinction while promoting recreational hunting , in part by ruthlessly suppressing wolves and other four-legged hunters . Without predators , the deer slowly but increasingly did their part , fruitfully multiplying . Then suburbs gave them refuge from human hunters . People had missed deer so much that lawns sprouted statues of deer "  families " -- proud buck , doe , spotted bambino . Suburbanites were thrilled to glimpse real live ones . For a few years it was a good time to be a deer . Deer deserve no blame for anything . Deer are innocents in a world we 've put out-of-round . We first shot them to pieces and then set them up to explode without check . We provided incidental safe haven in our neighborhoods and now despise them there . None of the problems people have with deer are the deer 's fault . I pity them for the dilemma we 've placed them -- and ourselves -- in . There are too many deer because there are too many people . Deer do need population control . That , we have in common . But unlike with humans , you ca n't give fawns the opportunity to go to school and welcome each doe into the workforce and empower them to reduce their lifetime family size to an average of two . But perhaps there 's a kinder and gentler way : letting sharpshooters administer birth control hormones rather than bullets ? "  That does n't work , " Marguerite says . She e-mailed me the state 's deer management document , which says , "  Based on considerable research on fertility control for deer ... this strategy has not proven to be a viable , stand-alone option for managing free-ranging deer populations . " If you want to bring deer densities down , you have to kill them . For millions of years , that was the arrangement wrought by the interacting forces of wolves and other creatures , landscapes and deer themselves . A creature evolved to have two children per year is reliant on predators to keep its world balanced . Without predators in a world of our making , the current density of deer is a problem . And not just for us . There is no pain-free alternative for the deer themselves . Without being killed by predators or bullets , deer build to densities that suffer high rates of traffic collision and the misery of high winter starvation . In parts of the West , wolves are returning , with very beneficial re-balancing effects on lands and wildlife . Even there , many people detest wolves with a hatred that is cultural and mainly irrational , largely out of sync with , and wholly out of proportion to , reality . Giving wolves back their job of managing deer , so difficult out West where there 's room , is wholly impossible here . For now , it looks like we 're stuck with having to deal lethally with innocents in a problem we 've created . It 's grim that only the deer will get the shifted blame , take the rap and suffer the consequences . All too human . Copenhagen 's giraffe was deemed "  surplus " by the zoo -- not enough room , they insisted , for a responsibility of their own creation . Marius the giraffe paid full price in full innocence . But almost anywhere you look now there is less and less room on an ark having trouble floating in a rising sea of us . And so often , we blame the victims . They say the most intelligent animals are those who recognize themselves in a mirror . We should try it sometime . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	Carl Safina : Killing of zoo giraffe sparks public outrage He says plan to cull deer on Long Island another example of human impact on nature Rampant deer are destroying natural habitat for many other species , he says Safina : It seems cruel to have deer pay the price for human damage to habitat
CNN  -- The choice of mobile as the medium for CNN 's Africa-wide survey of Mandela-related opinion shows how much has changed across the continent in the two decades between Mandela 's presidency , and his death . Imagine attempting to do a phone survey in 1994 , when a country like Nigeria -- Africa 's most populous -- had fewer than half-a-million landlines for its more than 100 million people , and mobile phones were mostly unheard of .  At this time of course land-lines were a staple across the developed world . The dire state of technology was of course a reflection of wider -- political -- dysfunction . While multi-party democracy was taking root in South Africa , only about five of Africa 's 54 countries were not being ruled by dictators , most of whom did little more than loot the treasury and kill everyone perceived to be an enemy . Indeed the circumstances of most African countries shared nothing in common with the peace and reconciliation and prospects of prosperity that the election of Nelson Mandela symbolized in 1994 . 1994 was the year that Robert Kaplan 's dystopian essay , "  The Coming Anarchy , " appeared in the Atlantic Monthly . In it Kaplan wrote : ' "  West Africa is reverting to the Africa of the Victorian Atlas . It consists now of a series of coastal trading posts , such as Freetown and Conakry , and an interior that , owing to violence , volatility and disease , is again becoming , as Graham Greene once observed , ` blank ' and ` unexplored ' . " 1994 was also the year that Rwanda fell apart -- almost a million people hacked to death in a matter of months . Fast forward to 2013 , and a lot has changed . A semblance of democracy has taken root in most of those places that were once a byword for anarchy . Many of those wars have ended , and the same continent in which negative economic growth was a badge of honor now boasts of more countries on the list of fastest-growing economies in the world than any other . Where once the continent was defined by its AK-47s -- the Economist 's famous Hopeless Continent cover in 2000 featured a child soldier clutching a rifle -- it is now more likely to be defined by those mobile phones that have made this survey possible . Perhaps it is then easy to see why the majority of respondents in the survey -- 64 percent -- are more optimistic about the future than they were when Mandela became President in 1994 . Then again it 's important to note that only a tenth of the surveyed population is older than 30 . Which means that most were not even teenagers yet when Mandela became President . And you should know that across the world , the Millennial generation  as those born post-1980 are known  , armed with their mobile phones and social networking , seem to be an unshakably optimistic lot . Why that is so , is up for debate -- there are any number of articles on the Internet asking the question : "  Why are Millennials so optimistic ? " A 2013 Gallup poll found that only a quarter of American 18 to 29 year olds believe their standard of living is declining . In the CNN-Jana poll , even fewer -- 15 percent -- failed to succumb to optimism . Overwhelming as it is , however , that optimism fails to mask the depth of Africa 's subsisting problems : The facts of jobless growth and rising inequality ; that democracy is still largely a theoretical principle and government accountability mostly a mirage . It 's a good thing the poll asks what respondents think is the biggest challenge their country is dealing with . The predictability of the responses -- 37 percent of respondents think corruption is Africa 's biggest challenge , 23 percent think its rising inequality , 16 percent think its poverty -- paints , in my opinion , a truer picture than the confident optimism about the future . Not much has happened in the last few years to inspire much confidence that there will be a marked improvement in the coming years . Youth unemployment in Mandela 's South Africa is one of the highest in the world . And it 's a similar story across the continent : Fantastic economic growth jostling with technological revolutions everywhere you turn , but very little benefit trickling down to the lives of ordinary people . In truth Mandela being alive or dead will mean very little to the daily realities of most people . He will of course continue to be a towering icon of moral strength , the face of one of the most outstanding feats of political freedom in recent human history . But for economic freedom , the battle continues , in South Africa and elsewhere , and the end is nowhere in sight . Which is perhaps why citizens will be needing all the optimism they can lay their minds on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tolu Ogunlesi .	The choice of mobile as a medium for CNN 's survey shows how things have changed , says Ogunlesi A semblance of democracy has taken root in many places that were once a byword for anarchy The fact that 37 percent think corruption is Africa 's biggest challenge is more telling that general optimism Mandela will remain a towering icon of moral strength , but for economic freedom , the battle continues
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. missile from an unmanned drone killed three people Saturday in Pakistan 's tribal region , according to a Pakistani military source and a North Waziristan official . Young Pakistanis look at a house after a missile hit it in the tribal region of North Waziristan last month . The strike hit a village near Miran Shah , in North Waziristan , the military source and Muhammad Nasim , a North Waziristan political official , said . The military source asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . This is the latest in a series of deadly missile strikes in Pakistan 's border region over the past two months . Pakistan has repeatedly blamed the United States and condemned the strikes , saying they cost lives , violate the nation 's sovereignty and undermine public support for its counterterrorism efforts . The U.S. government has not acknowledged hitting targets within Pakistan , an ally in the war on al Qaeda launched after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . The U.S-led coalition and NATO -- based in Afghanistan -- have been seeking a way to effectively battle Taliban and al Qaeda militants who they believe are launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . They have become frustrated with Islamabad over the years , saying it is not being active enough against militants -- a claim Pakistan denies . A week ago Saturday , two missiles , also believed fired by a U.S. Predator drone , hit a house in the North Waziristan region and killed at least four people and wounded six others , a local official said . North Waziristan is one of seven districts within Pakistan 's ungoverned tribal region along the Afghanistan border . Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry recently has summoned U.S. Ambassador Anne Patterson to lodge formal protests . On November 20 , the ministry lodged a protest with Patterson against a strike in the Bannu region of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province that left five dead and seven wounded and was deeper inside Pakistani territory than previous attacks . In October , the Foreign Ministry summoned Patterson and said strikes should be stopped immediately . At the time , a missile strike from a suspected U.S. drone on a compound in South Waziristan killed 20 people . The United States is the only country operating in the region known have the capability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Missile from an unmanned drone kills three people in Pakistan 's tribal region One of a string of deadly suspected U.S. missile strikes in border areas U.S. frustrated , says Islamabad not doing enough to battle militias in region Pakistan condemns strikes on its soil , decries loss of lives
Financial Times  -- Sony reported its first full-year net profit in five years on Thursday and said it expected earnings to grow by a further 16 per cent this year , helped by restructuring efforts and a weaker yen . The Japanese electronics and entertainment group said net profit for the year that ended in March totalled Y43bn  $ 435m  , a turnround from its massive Y457bn loss a year earlier . For the current year , it expects to earn a profit of Y50bn . Sony was helped in the final quarter by a currency market that knocked almost 20 per cent off the yen 's value against the dollar and euro compared with the same period a year earlier , amplifying its overseas earnings . That added to the effect of a restructuring drive through which Sony has axed 10,000 jobs , or about 6 per cent of its workforce , shrunk its lossmaking television manufacturing business and sold its $ 1bn New York headquarters . Sony booked a profit of Y94bn in the January-to-March quarter , compared with a Y255bn loss a year earlier . Its once-dominant TV operation remained in the red , however . The company has struggled to compete against South Korean and Taiwanese producers in the era of digital flat-screens , and the operation has been losing money for nearly a decade . Forty of Sony 's top executives , including Kazuo Hirai , the chief executive since last year , are to give up bonuses worth 30-50 per cent of their pay after they failed to keep a promise to return the division to profit . Sony closed the gap considerably , however , and said it believed it would finally achieve its profitability goal this year . Its consumer electronics loss in the year to March , of Y84bn , was 60 per cent smaller than it was a year earlier . The group 's overall earnings forecasts for the year to next March were more modest than those of industry experts . Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg before the earnings announcement were projecting a net profit of Y66bn on average . Sony said operating profit -- earnings before tax , depreciation and other adjustments -- would probably remain static this year at Y230bn , even as its sales increase by an expected 10 per cent thanks in part to more advantageous exchange rates . If the yen remains at its current level or weakens further , however , the company could do better than its guidance suggests . Sony based its forecasts on exchange rates of Y90 to the dollar and Y120 to the euro , levels about 8 per cent stronger than the yen 's current value . Sony has for some time relied on profits from the banking and insurance operations it owns in Japan to make up for weakness in other businesses . Last year was no different : its financial arm earned a profit of Y149bn , three times more than the next most profitable division , its US-based film studio . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Sony helped in the final quarter by a currency market that knocked almost 20 per cent off the yen 's Sony has for some time relied on profits from its banking and insurance operations in Japan The company has struggled to compete against South Korean and Taiwanese producers
CNN  -- An ExxonMobil pipeline leaked an undetermined amount of crude oil into the Yellowstone River near Billings , Montana , prompting a burgeoning cleanup effort , officials said Saturday . "  It 's significant . People are concerned , " said Duane Winslow , director of disaster and emergency services in Yellowstone County . But he expressed confidence Saturday afternoon that ExxonMobil would clean the river . "  They seem to be committed to it , " Winslow said . ExxonMobil Pipeline Company , a subsidiary that operates the line , established a claims phone number for those affected by the rupture . "  We deeply regret this incident has happened , " said ExxonMobil spokesman Kevin Allexon . "  The magnitude of this response will reflect that . " The pipeline runs under the river . About 80 people from a regional response team were on site Saturday and 70 additional trained individuals were en route , Allexon said . Crews placed absorbent pads and booms into the flooded river . Winslow was hopeful the high stage of the flooded river would mean more of the oil and contaminants would be washed ashore . Heavy rains and a melting snowpack have caused the river to run high . The Yellowstone River was at 13.51 feet Saturday evening ; flood stage is 13 feet . The oil was carried by a pipeline from fields at and near the Wyoming-Montana border to Billings . The cause was under investigation . Allexon said no information was available Saturday on the pipeline 's age , depth under the river and its maintenance record . The spokesman said he could not speculate on whether river conditions had anything to do with the incident . The affected pipeline segment was shut down . "  Any spill is significant in our eyes , " Allexon said . Between 200 and 300 residents near Laurel , where the spill was reported , were evacuated for a time late Friday and early Saturday , Winslow told CNN , because of the leak 's odor . They were allowed to return home Saturday . Laurel is about 15 miles west of Billings . The leak was noticed around 11:30 p.m. Friday and the 12-inch pipeline was shut down within a half hour , Winslow said . It was not clear Saturday evening how far the leak had stretched along the Yellowstone ; Winslow said it affected about 70 miles in the county . Allexon had no estimate on the total length . "  The parties responsible will restore the Yellowstone River , " Gov. Brian Schweitzer said , adding state agencies were helping to monitor the containment and cleanup . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency sent a team to the site . ExxonMobil , which is leading the incident command , is getting assistance from Clean Harbors , a provider of environmental services . Laurel resident Jim Swanson , looking at oil near his home , told CNN Billings affiliate KULR , "  I am just kind of reeling right now . "	Crude oil spills into the Yellowstone River in Montana ExxonMobil sends response team Cause is under investigation Responsible parties will restore river , governor says
CNN  -- U.S. Secret Service Director Julia Pierson called an incident in which a man scaled a fence and entered the White House "  unacceptable " and told a congressional committee Tuesday that she takes "  full responsibility . " Omar Gonzalez , a 42-year-old knife-wielding Iraq war veteran , entered an unlocked door to the executive mansion , Pierson told the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , which grilled her on the September 19 security breach . A federal grand jury on Tuesday indicted Gonzalez on three separate federal and District of Columbia charges that could carry a maximum of 17 years in prison . His first court appearance is expected Wednesday in Washington . The White House door through which Gonazlez barged had no remote locking mechanism and needed to be manually locked , Pierson told lawmakers , adding that such a mechanism has since been installed . "  It 's clear that our security plan was not properly executed , " she said . "  I take full responsibility . What happened is unacceptable , and it will never happen again . " Saying she could n't give complete responses because presidential protection is highly sensitive or classified , Pierson said the incident remains under investigation , and she does n't "  want to get ahead of the investigation . " It did n't come up at the hearing , but the Washington Post reported that the officer who tackled Gonzalez was n't even on duty but was leaving a shift protecting the president 's daughters . Republicans and Democrats questioned how Gonzalez penetrated "  five rings of security " in jumping the White House fence , overpowering a Secret Service officer and running deep into the White House , where he was finally subdued . "  How on earth did this happen ? " asked Chairman Darrell Issa . "  Why was there no guard stationed at the front door of the White House , and yes , how much would it cost to lock the front door of the White House ? " Added Rep. Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on the panel , "  I hate to even imagine what could have happened if Gonzalez had been carrying a gun instead of a knife when he burst inside the White House . That possibility is extremely unsettling . " Can the Secret Service actually change ? Rep. Jason Chaffetz asked whether officers who caught Gonzalez acted appropriately by not using lethal force . Pierson said the Secret Service agents "  did use restraint in making a very difficult decision " but conceded that she did n't believe the security plan was properly executed , which is why the incident is being reviewed . The Secret Service should take a more aggressive posture , not a restrained one , Chaffetz said , and if agents kill someone who has breached White House security , "  I will have their back . " Former Secret Service Director Ralph Basham later said that neither he nor the American public wants the Secret Service 's first reaction at seeing someone invade the White House lawn to be : kill that person . But after 3Â 1/2 hours , it was clear that the committee was n't confident in the agency 's own review . Issa concluded the hearing by saying he and Cummings agreed that "  an internal investigation by the secret service is not sufficient " and said they plan to formally request an independent inquiry . Another security lapse Meanwhile , in another incident involving a violation of security protocol , an armed security contractor was allowed on an elevator with President Barack Obama during a visit to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta on September 16 , according to a whistleblower . This whistleblower spoke to Chaffetz 's office , and the incident was confirmed by a Secret Service official . Chaffetz tweeted on Tuesday evening , "  security contractor with a gun next to the President happened two weeks ago , according to my whistleblower . " The security worker was acting strangely and had his phone out while on the elevator with the President , according to Chaffetz 's office . When the security worker was confronted about his behavior , it was revealed that he was armed . The incident was first reported by the Washington Examiner and was followed up with additional reporting by the Washington Post . The Post reported that the Secret Service was not aware he was armed until after the worker was confronted . Pierson 's future in question At the end of the public session of the congresssional hearing , Cummings said "  the jury is still out " on whether Pierson can stay on in and fix the problems at the agency . Asked about his confidence in the director 's ability to continue in her post , Issa told reporters , "  This hearing did not add to my confidence . " Over and over , Democrats and Republicans sharply criticized the Secret Service director 's leadership and expressed disbelief that no one at the agency had been held accountable . Pierson noted she has been on the job for 18 months and took steps to reform the agency but also said , "  when you bring change into an organization , there is pushback . " But Pierson 's testimony only appeared to further inflame some members of the committee . "  I wish to God you had protected the White House like you are protecting your reputation , " said a scolding Rep. Stephen Lynch , D-Massachusetts . Holding up a sign featuring the blue ADT security logo , Rep John Mica , R-Florida , asked Pierson , "  have you ever heard of these guys ? " White House fence jumpers Pierson told the committee that people jump the White House fence a few times a year . "  The Secret Service has apprehended 16 individuals who have jumped the fence over the last five years , including six this year alone . In fact , on September 11 , 2014 , a week prior to the events that are the subject of today 's hearing , officers apprehended an individual seconds after he scaled the fence and ran onto the grounds , " she said . Sitting beside Pierson , Basham said the "  unprecedented and unacceptable " breach poses difficult questions about the use of lethal force and the tolerance for additional fortifications around the executive mansion . There are no easy answers , and long-term consequences of any changes must be thought through , he told the committee . Last week , a law enforcement official speaking on condition of anonymity said that prior to the intrusion , Secret Service agents interviewed Gonzalez twice before determining both times that they did n't have enough reason to keep him . Pierson confirmed reports raised by a committee member that two Secret Service agents saw Gonzalez near the White House fence on September 19 , prior to the breach , and "  observed him for some time . " Ultimately , Pierson said , the agents determined that Gonzalez was n't acting inappropriately or violating any laws . Opinion : Do we want a fortress White House ? Later , referring to the Secret Service 's contacts with Gonzalez before the September 19 breach , she said there 's not a lot that the service can do to manage "  people with mental illness who do not commit a crime . " The Secret Service has said Gonzalez has acknowledged having post-traumatic stress disorder . "  We 're limited by the system we have to work within : the laws of our country , " Pierson said . Incidents strain public trust The Gonzalez breach and other "  misbehaviors " and security failures by the Secret Service have "  tested the trust of the American people " and blemished the Secret Service record , Issa said . The California Republican cited several examples of misbehavior , including a reality TV subject crashing a state dinner , a 2012 prostitution scandal , an agent falling asleep outside a room in the Netherlands and gunshots fired at the White House in November 2011 , an incident in which damage was n't properly reported . Committee members pointed out that in regard to the 2011 incident , The Washington Post reported a Secret Service employee was told to stand down after hearing gunshots near the White House and then felt unable the next day to contradict her superiors ' false belief that the White House was n't shot at . Cummings called the report a "  major problem , " and Pierson said the contention that the officer did not challenge her supervisors for fear of being criticized is a concern . "  It 's unacceptable , " she said . Answering another question from Issa about why damage to the White House was n't initially detected but rather found days later , Pierson defended her agency 's response and said records show that the Secret Service "  did respond properly " by sweeping the area to see whether anyone was injured and whether there were obvious signs of damage . Rep. Trey Gowdy and Pierson had a contentious exchange over why the Secret Service did not know that the White House had been struck by gunfire until days after the incident . Gowdy repeatedly asked Pierson why a housekeeper -- and not the Secret Service -- discovered the damage to the mansion . She answered , in part , that agents swept the area that night to look for injuries or an intruder and found nothing . She noted that it was also difficult to see at night . Pierson told the committee that any disciplinary action was pending the agency 's investigation of the Gonzalez incident . But that answer did not satisfy Nevada Democratic Rep. Steven Horsford , who told her "  someone should be held accountable . " Pressed by Chaffetz about how many times she has personally briefed the president in 2014 about incidents involving his security Pierson said once , and it was regarding the September incursion by Gonzalez . The committee said that it would hold an executive session after the hearing so that Pierson could address some of the sensitive questions being asked . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Josh Levs , Michael Martinez , Deirdre Walsh , Evan Perez , Joe Johns and Joshua Gaynor contributed to this report .	NEW : Whistleblower says an armed contractor was allowed on an elevator with Obama Secret Service chief says agents used "  restraint in making a very difficult decision " Gonzalez entered White House via unlocked door , Pierson tells congressional committee Rep. Darrell Issa cites instances of "  misbehavior " that undermine trust in Secret Service
CNN  -- Last weekend 's release and the now imminent homecoming of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , held prisoner by the Taliban or its allies for nearly five years , are cause for celebration . Bergdahl was the only U.S. soldier being held in the Afghan war . The U.S. military does not abandon its own . Bergdahl 's release is nonetheless controversial because of the price paid for it : our release of five former Taliban leaders from Guantanamo to Qatar , where , we are told , they will be monitored and barred from leaving that small Gulf Emirate for one year . There is no denying that the release of Taliban murderers was a stiff price to pay . Letting them go  albeit after a dozen years of incarceration at Guantanamo  was necessary , the administration says , because otherwise Sgt. Bergdahl 's life was in danger . If Washington , knowing of an imminent threat to his life , had chosen simply to let one of our soldiers die , how would the American public react ? Granted , the objections to this prisoner swap are not trivial . On balance , though , the administration made the right call . One objection is that the released Taliban prisoners , who have killed before , are likely to kill again , once they return to Afghanistan in one year  assuming they do not slip away from Qatar even sooner  . That is possible -- but not a certainty . Both the Afghan and U.S. governments have been trying to encourage peace negotiations with the Taliban . Admittedly , a peace deal faces long odds . Still , there is a degree of speculation as to whether the Taliban prisoners -- after long years in Guantanamo away from their comrades -- will necessarily return to their old ways . In contrast , we are told -- on what classified basis we do not yet know -- that Bergdahl 's life was in imminent danger , if the White House and Pentagon had refused to make the swap . And even if Bergdahl had survived , how many more years of incommunicado imprisonment would he have had to endure ? With U.S. forces in Afghanistan set to wind down to only 10,000 by the end of 2014 , and to leave the country altogether by the end of 2016 , U.S. leverage to secure his release was steadily diminishing . Another objection is that the U.S. , as a matter of policy , should never negotiate with terrorists . In general that is a sound policy . But the Taliban are not garden variety terrorists . They are an armed force with which the U.S. has been engaged in armed conflict for over a decade . Bergdahl was not a hostage held by ordinary terrorists . He was a soldier captured in war . The U.S. can make deals to secure the return of prisoners without relinquishing our general policy of not negotiating with terrorists . A further objection is that this deal will encourage the Taliban to capture more American soldiers . But the Taliban need no incentives to try to capture U.S. service members . Any chance they get , they will take -- regardless of how the U.S. dealt with the Bergdahl release . Finally , some Republicans in Congress object that the deal was illegal , because the administration is required by statute to give Congress 30 days notice before transferring prisoners from Guantanamo , but failed to do so . The administration counters that there was no time for delay without risking Bergdahl 's life , and that in these circumstances , the President 's constitutional powers as commander in chief entitled him to override the statute . Although the point is debatable as a matter of law , in my view the administration wins the argument . Aside from the prisoner swap for Bergdahl , there remains a larger question : Is the continued detention of 149 prisoners at Guantanamo  following the release of the five Taliban  in the national security interest of the United States ? Sixty or so are Yemenis who have long been cleared for release , because they are deemed not to pose a threat to the U.S. . The administration keeps them in Guantanamo only because of unrest in Yemen . Other prisoners are detained indefinitely , with no prospect for trial or release . Still other prisoners , who face criminal charges , are or will be tried by military commissions that fall short of minimum international standards of fair trial . Both as symbol and in substance , Guantanamo thus remains a gaping wound in U.S. credibility . When we criticize Russia or China for violating international law , each has a ready retort : The U.S. violates international law at Guantanamo . Even our allies see us as hypocrites . At a time when our "  hard power " is in decline , in both absolute terms  a shrinking military  and relative terms  versus mounting Chinese power  , Guantanamo undermines American "  soft power " -- when we need it more than ever . Guantanamo has too long been treated as a domestic political football . It is past time to recognize that the price of continuing this game into overtime is too high .	Douglass Cassel : The objections to the Bergdahl deal raise serious issues He says negotiating with the Taliban , which was holding Bergdahl , made sense Cassel : Administration was justified in not complying with requirement to notify Congress He says Guantanamo remains a gaping wound in U.S. credibility internationally
CNN  -- Airborne for white , sandy beaches , turquoise Cuban waters and swaying palms , two women apparently broke out their duty-free booze on Wednesday and partied hearty in a passenger jet bathroom . So terribly hearty , that they got Sunwing Flight 656 a military jet escort back to the Canadian airport from which it departed . Prosecutors on Thursday charged Melana Muzikante , 26 , and Lilia Ratmanski , 25 , each with two counts of mischief , one count of smoking on an aircraft , one count of endangering the safety of an aircraft and with uttering a threat to cause death or bodily harm , according to Constable Lillian Fitzpatrick of Peel Regional Police . A judge released them on $ 2,500 bail each after they spent a night in a Canadian jail , but Fitzpatrick said Muzikante 's surety wo n't arrive until Friday , meaning she 'll spend Thursday night behind bars . It was not clear late Thursday who her attorney was ; attempts to reach Ratmanski were unsuccessful . From champagne to swill Sunwing Airlines flies North Americans south and advertises its low-cost holiday voyages with "  Champagne Service . " It welcomes aboard vacationers departing from Canada for Latin America and the Caribbean with a glass of bubbly . On Flight 656 , passengers were toasting their forthcoming R&R at their destination of Varadero on Cuba 's Florida-facing shore . Apparently , it was n't enough for two passengers . Out came the duty-free spirits , and to go with them , the ladies allegedly lit up a cigarette in the lavatory , the airline said in a statement . Then the bathroom smoke detector ratted them out . Fight , threats , jail Their moods swung , and their fists may have , too , as the two women got "  into a physical altercation with each other , " the airline said . They also threatened to do something to the plane . The crew did n't believe that they could , "  given their condition , " Sunwing said , but procedure called for them to make a U-turn and head back for base . The North American Aerospace Defense Command diverted two CF-18 fighter jets to escort the plane to Toronto 's airport . "  Those two females were brought off that aircraft by our officers here at the airport division , " Tudo said . The other passengers received free meal vouchers and an apology , Sunwing said . Judge grounds partying Muzikante and Ratmanski are due back in court September 29 , according to Fitzpatrick . Until then , they will have to keep any revelry at lower altitudes : Fitzpatrick said the judge ordered the two to stay away from each other , from booze and from any airport .	NEW : Five charges each for two Canadian passengers Airline : Apparently the two women drank a good bit in the bathroom The women got into a "  physical altercation , " made threats against the plane NORAD escorted flight back to Toronto
CNN  -- President Barack Obama plans to nominate James Comey to replace Robert Mueller as FBI director , officials familiar with the nomination process said Wednesday . Comey is a former prosecutor who worked in New York and Virginia , where his caseload included terrorism , organized crime and fraud prosecutions , the latter including executives from WorldCom , Adelphia and Imclone , an official biography notes . He served as a deputy attorney general in President George W. Bush 's administration beginning in 2003 . Comey testified to a Senate committee in 2007 that he considered resigning his high-profile administration position over a disagreement about the National Security Agency 's domestic surveillance program . That happened in 2004 , when he was acting attorney general while John Ashcroft was hospitalized following emergency gall bladder surgery . Government officials had told CNN that Comey had "  vigorously opposed " aspects of the warrantless wiretapping program and refused to sign off on its continued use . Comey 's opposition prompted then-White House chief of staff Andrew Card and then-White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales to visit Ashcroft , the attorney general , in the hospital . Comey was in the room at the time , and he recalled later that "  I thought I had just witnessed an effort to take advantage of a very sick man . " The program was reauthorized the next day without a Justice Department signature , and Comey prepared a letter of resignation , he recalled . But he did n't turn it in , staying at the Justice Department until 2005 . From there , Comey worked as a senior vice president and general counsel for the aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin . More recently , he had been general counsel at the Connecticut-based money management firm Bridgewater Associates . Currently , Comey is a board member of HSBC Holdings and a Hertog Fellow in national security law at Columbia University 's law school , his profile on the school 's website says . Sen. Charles Grassley , the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he had n't heard anything from the White House about Comey 's nomination . That said , the Iowa Republican lauded Comey for having "  a lot of experience on national security issues , ... and  he  has shown integrity in dealing with these matters . " "  But if he 's nominated , he would have to answer questions about his recent work in the hedge fund industry , " Grassley said , referring to Comey 's time with Bridgewater Associates . "  The administration 's efforts to criminally prosecute Wall Street for its part in the economic downturn have been abysmal , and  the FBI  would have to help build the case against some of his colleagues in this lucrative industry . " If nominated and approved by Congress , Comey will replace the man who will have led the FBI for the past 12 years -- officially starting the job days before the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks and later seeing the agency through terrorism and other high-profile cases . Mueller 's term had been set to expire in September 2011 -- per the 10 years that FBI directors typically serve -- but , at Obama 's request , Congress approved a two-year extension . He 's now scheduled to step down in September .	NEW : A GOP senator questions Comey 's work in the hedge fund industry James Comey could replace Robert Mueller as FBI director He was deputy attorney general in President George W. Bush 's administration Officials said he "  vigorously opposed " a surveillance program and threatened to quit
On their own , they 're simple household items . Pressure cookers . Nails . Nylon bags . But combine them with explosives , and you can get the kind of bombs that investigators now suspect were used to turn the finish line of the Boston Marathon into a bloody nightmare . Scraps of them found at the scene of the twin bombings are being sent to the FBI 's national laboratory , where technicians will try to reconstruct the devices , the federal agent leading the investigation said Tuesday . Meanwhile , investigators combed through a digital mountain of photos and video clips and asked the public for help finding who planted them at two points on Boylston Street . "  Someone knows who did this , " said Rick DesLauriers , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's Boston office . "  Cooperation from the community will play a crucial role in this investigation . " DesLauriers asked people to report anyone who talked about targeting Monday 's race or showed interest in explosives . He urged anyone who might have heard the sounds of explosions in remote areas -- possibly by someone testing a bomb -- or saw someone carrying "  an unusually heavy , dark-colored bag " around Monday to come forward . ` Boston will overcome , ' mayor vows There has been no claim of responsibility , DesLauriers said . "  The range of suspects and motives remains wide open , " he said . The U.S. government has warned federal agencies in the past that pressure cookers -- airtight pots used to quickly cook or preserve foods -- have been packed with explosives and shrapnel and detonated with blasting camps . A law enforcement official said Monday 's bombs were likely detonated by timers . Photos obtained by CNN showed the remains of a pressure cooker found at the scene , along with a shredded black backpack and what appear to be metal pellets or ball bearings . A federal law enforcement source told CNN the photos were included in a bulletin sent to federal law enforcement agencies . The pieces recovered so far suggest the devices , which were identical , could carry 6 liters  1.5 gallons  of liquid apiece , a Boston law enforcement source said . The parts found include a partial circuit board , which would be used to detonate a device . ` Very effective ' bombs Pressure cooker bombs can be "  very effective , " terrorism expert Jeff Beatty told CNN . Taliban and al Qaeda militants "  use them to make their IEDs , " he said . "  That does n't mean it was the Taliban -- other people can read about this , " said Beatty , who served in the FBI , CIA and the military 's Delta Force . But so far , investigators have found no foreign or al Qaeda connection to the bombings , a U.S. official told CNN . And Sen. Saxby Chambliss , the ranking Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee , told reporters in Washington that some of the facts suggest the carnage had its roots in American soil . "  There are a lot of things that are surrounding this that would give an indication that it may have been a domestic terrorist , but that just ca n't be assumed , " Chambliss said . We 've been hit before on home soil Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the bombings do n't appear to be harbingers of "  a broader plot . " But she urged Americans "  to remain vigilant and immediately report any signs of suspicious activity to local law enforcement officials . " And members of Congress who were briefed by Obama administration officials on told reporters that the field of possible suspects remains wide open . "  We really do n't know if it 's a foreign or domestic threat , " said Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Commitee . "  We do n't know whether this was a homegrown terrorist or part of a wider conspiracy . " Director of National Intelligence James Clapper held closed-door talks with the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday . Chambliss,R-Georgia , told reporters afterward that "  there 's not a whole lot of update to give . " What we know about the bombings so far "  This is a very fluid investigation . The FBI 's in the lead , and I personally know the special agent in charge . He 's one of the best , " Chambliss said . Late Monday , authorities searched the apartment of a young Saudi man who was among the wounded at the race . He was found to have no connection to the attack . "  He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time , " the U.S. official said . A Saudi woman , a medical student who was also injured in the blast , has also been interviewed by investigators , according to a law enforcement source . Boston 's ` most complex crime scene ' ever Investigators are combing what Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis called "  the most complex crime scene that we 've dealt with in the history of our department . " The cordoned off area has been reduced from 15 blocks to 12 and will be reduced further in coming days , he said . Even the smallest bits of debris could help indicate the bombs ' "  signature , " said a federal law enforcement official who works in the intelligence community . The explosives themselves were small , and initial tests showed no C-4 or other high-grade explosive material -- suggesting the packages used in the attack were crude devices . How you can help Based on the bombs ' effects , the devices could have been small enough to be concealed in small bags or boxes , a law enforcement official said . The smoke was consistent with a "  low-velocity improvised explosive mixture , perhaps flash powder or sugar chlorate mixture , " the official said . Two photos obtained by CNN affiliate WHDH might raise more questions . The first shows a light-colored bag sitting on the ground next to a mailbox . The second -- of the same spot -- shows a blast seemingly where that bag sat , with the mailbox still upright . Investigators have not commented on these photos , which WHDH reports it has shared with authorities . When the pieces that have been recovered are sent to the FBI laboratory in Quantico , Virginia , investigators will try to better understand how they worked and look for clues like fingerprints , DNA or serial numbers to help track who planted them , the Boston law enforcement source said . Authorities have n't given any timetable as to when they expect significantly new details . But DesLauriers vowed Tuesday that the more than 1,000 law enforcement officers from more than 30 agencies will get results , even if they have to go "  to the ends of the Earth " to get them . "  Our mission is clear : to bring to justice those responsible , " he said . "  The American public wants answers . The citizens of the city of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts want and deserve answers . " Boston heroes : Running to help Authorities have begun to search through huge amounts of video and images from surveillance cameras in the area near the attack . So far , no footage has been spotted showing someone placing the bombs , a law enforcement source said . Authorities have asked anyone with images from any part of the marathon to share them with police . "  People do n't know that they were witnesses -- that they might actually have evidence in their phones or in their cameras , " Juliette Kayyem , President Obama 's former assistant secretary for homeland security , said on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " Davis vowed authorities will sift "  through every frame of every video . " The FBI is likely issuing subpoenas for records from cell towers in the area to isolate and trace calls from around Copley Square at the time of the blasts , according to a federal law enforcement official . Doctors believe bombs contained sharp objects Two doctors overseeing treatment of the injured believe the explosive devices contained nails or similar objects . Many patients have severe wounds "  related to the blast effect of the bomb as well as small metallic fragments that entered their body , " including "  pellets " and "  nail-like objects , " said Dr. George Velmahos , head of trauma care at Massachusetts General Hospital . A variety of sharp objects were found inside the patients ' bodies , he said , adding that the bombs probably contained multiple metallic fragments . Asked whether what was found in the patients ' bodies could have come from nearby objects that exploded in the blast , Velmahos said he believes the materials were likely part of the explosive devices . Map of the explosion sites Ron Walls , chair of emergency medicine at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , said most patients there were wounded by "  ordinary debris . " But three were injured by "  perfectly round objects " that were "  very uniform , consistent , metallic , " he said . And another patient had more than 12 carpenter-type nails . "  There is no question some of these objects were implanted in the device for the purpose of being exploded forward , " Wall said . No unexploded bombs Suspicious packages that were detonated out of precaution after the bombings turned out not to be explosive devices after all . After the blasts Monday , some officials reported that explosive devices that failed to go off were found . But investigators said Tuesday the only bombs were the two that exploded at the marathon . The intelligence community is poring through all threat reporting for any clues , U.S. counterterrorism officials told CNN . That includes any claims made on jihadist websites . Nothing is being dismissed this early on , the officials said . Bombing is the latest Patriots Day tragedy	Remains of a pressure cooker found at scene , official says FBI technicians will attempt to reconstruct the Boston bombs Scraps of metal and black nylon were found at the scene "  The range of suspects and motives remains wide open , " FBI agent says
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Court documents obtained by CNN on Friday reveal disturbing new details about the prior conviction of the alleged ringleader of a group charged this week with imprisoning four mentally disabled adults in a dank Philadelphia boiler room . Linda Ann Weston , 51 , served eight years in prison for killing her sister 's boyfriend , Bernardo Ramos , in the early 1980s , according to Philadelphia police . The newly obtained documents show Ramos , held captive in a closet , weighed 75 pounds at the time of his death by starvation in December 1981 . The medical examiner at the time determined the cause of death "  due to the clear visibility of his protruding ribs , sunken cheeks and emaciated body , " according to the documents . Weston , along with three others , is currently facing charges including criminal conspiracy , aggravated assault , kidnapping , criminal trespass , unlawful restraint and false imprisonment after the landlord of an apartment building discovered Saturday four malnourished people locked in a 15-by-6-foot room with no food and only a bucket for a toilet , according to Philadelphia police . Testimony in the Ramos case showed the man was fed only four times while held in the closet for about two months , and was removed from the tiny space only "  six or seven times " during his captivity . "  When he finally died of malnutrition , the sisters wheeled him in a baby carriage to an abandoned building where he was discovered two days later , " one of the documents states . It was not immediately clear which sisters the documents referred to . The court documents show Weston was initially found incompetent to stand trial . Two years later , after being hospitalized , she was certified by the court and found guilty of voluntary manslaughter and criminal conspiracy , according to Philadelphia police and court documents . The court found she "  was legally sane " at the time she held Ramos captive and "  had the full intent to conspire " with her siblings when she directed them to dispose of the body . The current investigation into Weston and her alleged co-conspirators has taken several bizarre twists as authorities try to piece together the evidence in the case , which has spread to at least two other states after detectives discovered that one of the accused had traveled across state lines with the people found in the boiler room . Police said Wednesday that Weston , 47-year-old Gregory Thomas , 49-year-old Eddie Wright and 32-year-old Jean McIntosh , Weston 's daughter , may have been holding seven other people , including Weston 's 19-year-old niece , who showed signs of torture and abuse . Authorities are also looking into whether some of the victims ' Social Security checks had been stolen . Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey told CNN on Monday that Weston had IDs for about 50 people in her possession : "  Social Security information , power of attorney information , those kinds of things . " The case continued to develop Friday when CNN uncovered new information that shows the Philadelphia case was not the first time Weston has drawn scrutiny for possible Social Security fraud . The Social Security Administration 's Office of Inspector General confirmed to CNN that it investigated Weston in 2009 for continuing to collect benefits for her roommate , Maxine Lee , after she died of acute meningitis . When the administration finally cut off benefits , Weston appeared at a Philadelphia office seeking to have the benefits reinstated , the Office of Inspector General said in a statement to CNN . The money -- totaling less then $ 3,000 -- was repaid to the Social Security Administration , the inspector general said . The acknowledgment by the inspector general 's office has raised questions about why the Social Security Administration allowed Weston , a convicted murderer , to serve as a "  representative payee " for a Social Security recipient . Under Social Security Administration policy , certain individuals convicted of criminal offenses are prohibited from serving as representative payees . The Social Security Administration has begun reviewing its handling of Weston . After initially asking for questions for comment in writing from CNN , a spokeswoman for the administration declined to provide details of the Weston case , including whether Weston was the representative payee for any of the people found in captivity in Philadelphia . "  We are very concerned about this situation . As this is an ongoing investigation , we ca n't provide you any details at this time , " spokeswoman Kia Green said . Meanwhile , police in Norfolk , Virginia , are taking a fresh look at Lee 's death in light of the Philadelphia case . According to police , Weston , who was caring for Lee , reported her death on November 13 , 2008 . An autopsy determined the cause of death to be acute bacterial meningitis . The medical examiner who conducted the autopsy said a contributing factor in Lee 's death was "  cachexia of unknown origin , " or malnutrition . The manner of death is listed as "  natural causes . " Norfolk police spokesman Chris Amos said investigators have not yet decided to formally reopen the Lee case . The physician who conducted Lee 's autopsy has reviewed the autopsy report and "  has n't come to any other conclusions " about the cause of death , said Glenn McBride , spokesman for the Tidewater office of the Virginia Medical Examiner 's Office . "  We 're waiting to hear from the police if anything needs to be done by our department . " At the time of Lee 's death , police say they did not know that Weston had served time for murder . The department did not conduct a murder investigation because the death was ruled natural , Amos said . Sarah Hoye reported from Philadelphia . Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt reported from New York . Mike M. Ahlers reported from Washington .	Alleged ringleader in case was convicted of starving to death her sister 's boyfriend in 1981 The man weighed 75 pounds at the time of his death , newly obtained documents show Linda Ann Weston was also investigated in 2009 for claiming benefits for her dead roommate Police in Virginia say they are now re-examining the circumstances of the roommate 's death
CNN  -- It 's the Miss America beauty pageant , but not as you know it . The swimsuit competition is out , volatile farm animals are in , and there are enough leather dresses to furnish a small sofa store . Hold onto your hats and saddle-up because this is Miss Rodeo America . The roughest , toughest beauty pageant in the country , where leather-clad ladies must not only display poise , beauty and knowledge -- but gutsy horsemanship . As 1973 queen Pam Minick said : "  Miss Rodeo America is the ultimate cowgirl -- wholesome , beautiful and tough as nails . " So what does it take to wear the coveted cowgirl crown ? Child 's play For reigning Miss Rodeo America , 23-year-old Chenae Shiner , the journey to rodeo royalty began as a youngster growing up on her parents ' ranch in Roosevelt , Utah . "  Both my parents participated in rodeo and I started competing in youth associations when I was six , " she told CNN , adding : "  I started ` queening ' when I was eight years old , going through the ranks of different county titles . " The bubbly blonde took the title of Miss Rodeo Utah last year . Then it was on to Las Vegas ' glittering MGM Grand Hotel for the Miss Rodeo America pageant , held as part of the annual National Finals Rodeo -- or as Shiner described it : "  The Superbowl of Rodeo . " Las Vegas lock down Here , 31 glamorous girls aged between 18 and 25 , spend a week strutting their Wild West wardrobe , answering questions on everything from world politics to equine science , and riding horses in a packed arena . The first major test for many of the girls however , is coping with the intense scrutiny without the comforts of home . "  Once you arrive you 're not allowed to speak to family or friends . You have to turn in your cell phone , " explained Shiner . "  As Miss Rodeo America you travel a lot on your own , and the judges want to see you can handle that pressure . " No horsing around Miss Rodeo America must be many things -- pretty , personable and educated . But above all she must be a master horse rider able to perform at hundreds of rodeo events across the country . Rodeo has a grand tradition in the southern agricultural states of America , where cowboys and girls compete in various livestock challenges such as calf roping and bronco riding . Indeed , many talented cowboys have turned their hand to professional horse racing , such as multimillion dollar jockey Steve Hamilton from Oklahoma who started out in the rodeo ring before moving to the race track . While other traditional beauty pageant contestants might show off their special talent by singing or playing the piano , Miss Rodeo America must demonstrate her superior riding skills by jumping on the back of a horse she 's never seen before , and performing a set routine in front of hundreds of spectators . "  To prepare before the contest , I asked people in my home town if I could ride their horse , " said Shiner . "  As Miss Rodeo America you 're traveling 100,000 miles across the country performing at rodeos -- and many of those are full of horses you 're not familiar with . " Ladies in leather But it 's not enough to just prove yourself in the saddle . The ultimate cowgirl also has to look the part -- and that means rhinestones , tassels and a lot of leather . Gazing at the ladies lined up on MGM 's grand stage is a bit like coming face-to-face with a human rainbow of bejeweled leather , each carefully crafted costume topped-off with an obligatory cream cowboy hat . As Shiner says : "  A rodeo queen always has a leather dress in her wardrobe . It 's a good western heritage dress . " The fashion segment of the pageant also gives the girls a chance to design an outfit and "  put their own personality in to it . " Shiner opted for a bronze , floor-length leather dress with rhinestones and tassel trim . Fit for a queen Of course the ladies are n't just judged on their fashion choices -- but how they look in them . This , after all , is a beauty pageant , with each contestant an immaculate vision of glossy make-up , blow-dried hair and mega-watt smile . "  We are the face of rodeo , so you always want to be representing yourself in the best way possible , " said Shiner . "  I do n't believe it exploits women . There 's more behind it than a pretty face -- we have to be well-spoken , knowledgeable , and it 's a great way to further our education and career . " Rodeo riches For radiology student Shiner , winning the crown was a childhood dream come true , but also the beginning of a year-long commitment involving up to 200 appearances across the country . She 'll return to university next year with $ 22,500 in scholarship prize money , and plans to pursue a degree in business and marketing . It can be hard spending so much time on the road away from family and friends . But Shiner also takes her job as role model to younger girls very seriously . "  Miss Rodeo America was formed as a way to bring a little bit of beauty and grace to a sport known for its roughness and rowdiness , " she says , adding : "  But you still have to be prepared to get dirt in your nails . "	Introducing Miss Rodeo America -- the "  ultimate cowgirl " Each year , cowgirls from across the U.S. compete in the ultimate rodeo crown Contestants must ride unfamiliar horses in front of hundreds of spectators 2013 winner , Chenae Shiner from Utah , talks about life in the saddle
CNN  -- "  Fields of Gold , " yes . Oceans of money , no . Sting told the UK publication The Mail on Sunday that he wo n't be leaving his more than $ 300 million fortune to his six children . "  I told them there wo n't be much money left because we are spending it ! We have a lot of commitments . What comes in we spend , and there is n't much left , " he said . "  I certainly do n't want to leave them trust funds that are albatrosses round their necks . " Not that they 've needed the money . They all have a good work ethic , he added . "  They have this work ethic that makes them want to succeed on their own merit . People make assumptions , that they were born with a silver spoon in their mouth , but they have not been given a lot , " he said . Sting 's children have done well for themselves , particularly daughter Mickey , who had a major role in the film "  Frances Ha . " The former Police frontman , now 62 , was born Gordon Sumner and grew up working-class in Wallsend , near Newcastle in northeast Britain . He told The Mail on Sunday that he could n't wait to leave his hometown . "  It was a pretty violent wrench . I did n't feel I belonged there and the family was pretty dysfunctional in many ways . My parents were not happy together , " he said . "  They loved their kids but it was a toxic environment . I needed to escape and I am glad I did . " Sting went on to great success , first with the Police and then as a solo act . For his latest work , the musical "  The Last Ship , " he 's returned to his childhood . "  The irony is that I 'm going back to Wallsend , from where I had done everything in my power to escape , " he said . The show , which is currently running in Chicago , is expected to premiere on Broadway in the fall . Sting said he does n't feel guilty about his wealth -- "  I use my houses and love having them . I am grateful I have made money " -- but he still tries to keep his feet on the ground . "  I demand a citizen 's life -- I really do . Walking the street ; going to a bar on my own , " he said . "  I want to be able to pick up my bags from the  airport luggage  carousel and walk to the car . There are times when I do n't want or need attention . "	Sting wo n't be leaving fortune to children "  We are spending it ! " he says of his $ 300 million He 's proud of kids , says they have good work ethic Sting 's musical "  The Last Ship " due on Broadway in the fall
2 -- The ranking of Thanksgiving on the list of America 's favorite holidays . Christmas is No. 1 . 2 -- The maximum number of days the U.S. Department of Agriculture suggests keeping a fresh turkey before cooking it . 2.5 -- The number in miles of the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade available for public viewing . 4 -- Americans celebrate Thanksgiving every year on the fourth Thursday of November . 5-5 .5 -- The number of hours it takes to cook a stuffed 22 - to 24-pound turkey in an oven set to 325 degrees Fahrenheit . 11-12 -- The number of hours it takes to thaw a frozen 22 - to 24-pound turkey in cold water . Compare that with the 5 1/2 to six days it takes to thaw in the refrigerator . 17 -- Ridges on a 14-ounce can of Ocean Spray Jellied Cranberry Sauce . 36 -- The number of years it took magazine editor Sarah Josepha Hale to crusade for an annual Thanksgiving holiday . National and local days of thanksgiving had been celebrated over the years , but President Abraham Lincoln finally proclaimed the fourth Thursday in November Thanksgiving in 1863 . 46 million -- The estimated number of turkeys eaten in the United States on Thanksgiving 2012 . 46.3 million -- The estimated number of Americans who will be traveling for the Thanksgiving holiday in 2014 , according to AAA . 50 million -- The approximate number of people who typically watch the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade on television . 65 -- Percentage of Americans surveyed who said eating Thanksgiving leftovers is more important than eating their regular Thanksgiving meal . 67 -- The number of years between 1947 , the first National Thanksgiving Turkey presentation at the White House , and Thanksgiving 2014 . 69 -- The approximate percentage of Thanksgiving Day fires caused by cooking . 73 -- The number of years between 1941 , when Congress decided that the fourth Thursday in November would be observed as Thanksgiving Day and a federal legal holiday , and Thanksgiving 2014 . 88 -- The approximate percentage of Americans who eat turkey on Thanksgiving Day , according to a National Turkey Federation survey . 90 -- The number of years between 1924 , when the first Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade took place , and Thanksgiving 2014 . It was originally called the Macy 's Christmas Parade . 94 -- The number of years between the first NFL Thanksgiving Day games in 1920 and Thanksgiving 2014 . 151 -- The number of years between October 3 , 1863 , when Lincoln proclaimed a national annual Thanksgiving Day , and Thanksgiving 2014 . 225 -- The number of years between 1789 , when President George Washington issued a proclamation naming November 26 a day of national thanksgiving , and Thanksgiving 2014 . 393 -- The number of years between 1621 , when the first Thanksgiving was observed in Plymouth , Massachusetts , and Thanksgiving 2014 . A good harvest led Plymouth Colony Gov. William Bradford to plan a festival to give thanks . Around 90 Native Americans attended . 4,500 -- The average number of calories you might consume on Thanksgiving , according to the Calorie Control Council . That 's 3,000 for the meal , and another 1,500 for snacking and nibbling . 100,000-plus -- Questions typically answered by the Butterball Turkey hotline every November and December . 92.1 million -- Black Friday shoppers in 2013 . 205 million -- The number of turkeys raised in the United States in 2013 . iReport : Who 's at your Thanksgiving table ? Sources : Butterball , U.S. Department of Agriculture , National Turkey Federation , Smithsonian Institution , Macy 's , Harris Interactive , U.S. Fire Administration , Pro Football Hall of Fame , CNN	How many pounds of turkey will you cook this Thanksgiving ? It took 36 years to make Thanksgiving a national holiday About 69 % of Thanksgiving Day fires are caused by cooking
CNN  -- Georgia Tugend awoke Sunday with a sense of relief . Hurricane Irene had roared through her Delaware neighborhood , vast and menacing . The wind knocked out power and scattered debris . Her house did not flood , though . Her family was safe . "  It was not as bad as I feared it would be , " Tugend said . "  There 's nothing I see that ca n't be fixed with a little elbow grease . " Irene left more than 4 million homes and businesses in the dark up and down the East Coast , and authorities blamed it for the deaths of at least 18 people in seven states . They said it caused at least $ 1 billion in damage and warned that floods could cause more chaos . Yet a cautious sense emerged Sunday that the nation had been spared an even more damaging blow from the storm . President Barack Obama had warned last week that Irene could be a "  hurricane of historic proportions . " Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey warned that "  from a flooding perspective , this could be a 100-year event . " On Sunday , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said that Tropical Storm Irene remains "  large and potentially dangerous " as it moves inland . "  By and large , with the evacuations and other actions taken , we have dramatically decreased the risk to life over the course of the storm , " she said . Forecasters and government officials warned people for days to take Irene seriously . As the storm clouds neared , New York City took the unprecedented step of ordering 370,000 people to evacuate . Airlines canceled thousands of flights . Five airports in and around New York City closed , as did the Philadelphia airport . Mass-transit systems closed in Baltimore , Boston , New York , Philadelphia and parts of New Jersey . After the storm moved north , however , people in places such as Ocean City , Maryland , were thankful that Irene had not left behind as much devastation as it could have . "  It was a long night last night , but I can tell you , we dodged a missile here at Ocean City , " Mayor Rick Meehan said . In New Jersey , Christie praised roughly a million people who heeded warnings to evacuate the Jersey Shore . People "  decided we 're not going to be tough and cynical and hard-boiled " and played it safe instead , he said . Christie acknowledged taking lessons from past disasters . Some criticized him for being away during a blizzard in New Jersey last year . And the federal government received withering criticism for its response to Hurricane Katrina , which killed more than 1,700 people in seven states after coming ashore on the Gulf Coast as a Category 3 hurricane in August 2005 . "  I think we took a lot of lessons from every one of these different disasters , " Christie said . People in Washington , D.C. , also ventured out Sunday to discover that the city could have fared much worse . "  I drove around and there were a lot of downed trees , but other than that , it was n't that bad , " said Eric Goode . "  It was a bit of a let down , " said another resident , Samantha Kaplan . In New York , the unexpected sight of the shining sun buoyed a sense that the city had escaped the kind of problems that forecasters had most feared . Those fears prompted authorities to close the city 's mass-transit system and order people in low-lying areas to evacuate . On Sunday , though , some people asked if the danger was over-hyped . "  A bunch of people in New York have already said to me this morning , you know , ` What was the big deal all about ? " CNN 's Anderson Cooper said . "  There was so much expectation about , and fear about , what might happen in New York City , " he said . "  We 've seen , it seems like , the best possible outcome so far . Yes , we 've seen some flooding in some areas -- in New York , I 'm talking about , but certainly not as extensive as had been feared . " Cooper asked CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers what had become of the dire forecasts that envisioned gleaming office buildings swaying as flood waters spilled into lower Manhattan . Myers said that when Hurricane Irene smashed into the Outer Banks of North Carolina , that contact weakened the storm . "  It literally knocked the stuffing out of the eye , " Myers said . "  It never got its mojo back . " Meteorologists measured pressure levels inside the storm that could have allowed it to strengthen back into a Category 3 hurricane , Myers said , but Irene 's romp over land in North Carolina prevented the eye wall from spinning into a more destructive storm by the time it arrived in New York . "  It never had that opportunity because North Carolina got in the way , dry air came across over Virginia and Maryland and got in the way , and although this was very low pressure , the reason why we could never let the guard down for New York City ... was because the pressure was low enough that at any time , if this storm decided to get its act together , it could have gone from a 60-70-80 miles per hour storm -- it easily could have been a 110  miles per hour  storm like it was in the Caribbean and like it was in the Bahamas . " Joseph Bruno , New York City 's commissioner of emergency management , agreed that it could have been worse . "  We 've gotten some benefit from Mother Nature , " he told CNN . "  We did well . We prepared well also . " He thanked people for heeding Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's order to evacuate , which authorities lifted at 3 p.m. Sunday . Not everyone followed local authorities ' evacuation orders , however . In Lewes , Delaware , about three miles from the Atlantic Ocean , Tugend ignored a mandatory evacuation order because , she said , she could think of no safer place than her home to escape the storm 's fury . As the storm neared , she rounded up candles and matches , put fresh batteries in the flashlights and huddled with her husband , Dave Fiscbach , and their dog , Barkley , a Chesapeake Bay retriever named for basketball star Charles Barkley . They lost power around dusk on Saturday , but propane fuels her stovetop . She boiled water for spaghetti and heated up sauce . She and her husband sat down to eat as the wind howled and driving rain fell . "  We ate by candlelight , which we have n't done for 20 years , " she said . CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	The storm largely spared New York City A woman in Delaware said it was n't as bad as she feared Irene has caused at least 18 deaths , though , and did major damage in many states Authorities say the potential for danger remains
CNN -- Getting enough rest should be as simple as just shutting your eyes . The alpha pod , designed for napping , includes a heated , vibrating bed and a CD player . But according to a recent study done by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , a branch of the National Institutes of Health , it 's really not that easy . Their research has found that 40 million Americans suffer yearly from chronic sleep disorders , and an additional 20 million complain of occasional sleeping problems . For some of us , it just means dark circles under our eyes and a desperate need for triple-caffeinated products . But the reality is that over the long haul , trouble with sleep can cause bigger problems . "  There are studies out there which would suggest that people who sleep less over long periods of time are at much higher risks of car accidents , and also some medical disorders like high blood pressure , potentially heart or stroke disease , " said Dr. David Schulman , director of the Emory Sleep Clinic Laboratory in Atlanta , Georgia . And that means fewer than the seven to eight hours most people need daily to get the proper amount of rest . So what is the solution to all this restlessness ? For some people , the answer might be to just buy some . Yes , sleep has now joined the ranks of those products we at one time thought we would never have to pay for , like water . Years ago , the thought of paying money for a bottle of something you could get for free from the tap would have had people laughing . Now we can add sleep , or , more accurately , napping . Spas across the country have now added this new nap therapy to their offerings , so along with facials , waxing and massages , you can now grab some Z 's for about a dollar a minute . Susan Vanyo , founder of the Rejuvenate Spa in Atlanta , describes what her spa offers to those who need extra shut-eye : "  We have two types of nap pods , " she says . "  They are called the energy pod and the alpha pod . The alpha pod has more of a spa-experience feel to it . " The pods release aromas and have a heated , vibrating bed , a CD player and headphones . "  Everything outside just goes away , " she says . The energy pod reclines , and has headphones with music piped in . "  You get a different sensation , " Vanyo says . Watch people try out the pods " This napping therapy , while not taking the country by storm , has found some happy clients willing to pay for sleep . For Autumn Watson , whose full-time job becomes more challenging after a night where her young son does n't sleep , a nap is worth every penny . "  To have a designated place to be able to come and take a nap and relax away from the office , and not being afraid somebody 's going walk in on you , is nice , " she says . "  And you get on the ball quicker , after the nap , instead of feeling like you 're exhausted . " And for Tremaine Perry , who works close to the spa , it took a bit of time to embrace this latest trend . "  Initially , I was skeptical . You 're paying for something that you can do at home for free , but it was n't until I actually tried it and realized the difference " between going through a full day needing rest and coming in , taking a quick break and going back to work . So it seems there is some truth to the phrase "  power nap . " Schulman , the sleep expert , says , "  For people who are chronically sleep-deprived , there is evidence that as little as 15 to 30 minutes of napping during the day can improve performance for two to four hours after the nap . " But while a nap might refresh , Schulman cautions , it 's not going to make up for a long-term sleep deficit . So if you 're getting by on five or six hours a night , "  it 's ridiculous to assume that a 15 - to 20-minute nap during the day , even if it 's every day , is going to compensate for a two-hour deficit each night . " And finally there are other ways to recharge that do n't cost money , including meditation , a walk outside , a hit of caffeine or even just getting up and walking away from your desk . But Schulman says that while all of these are good options , none of them work quite as well as a 20-minute nap . So maybe that dollar-a-minute price for some rest is actually money well spent .	Research : 40 million Americans suffer yearly from chronic sleep disorders Rejuvenate Spa in Atlanta , Georgia , charges clients for nap therapy Expert : 15 to 30 minutes of napping can improve performance that day Still , short nap not going to make up for a long-term sleep deficit , expert says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Investigators have raised the wreckage of the helicopter involved in Saturday 's deadly mid-air collision over the Hudson River , but they were still looking for the small plane involved in the crash , authorities said Sunday . Divers unload a body from their raft onto a police boat Sunday . Nine people are believed dead in the crash . New York police said they believed side-scan sonar pointed them to the wreckage of the Piper Saratoga PA-32 just north of where the helicopter went down , but Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board , said swift current and low visibility were hindering divers . The search stopped as a storm approached Sunday evening and will resume Monday morning , police said . Nine people , including five Italian tourists , were aboard the two aircraft when they collided over the river shortly before noon Saturday . Seven bodies had been pulled out of the river by Sunday afternoon , Hersman said . Authorities believe none of the nine people aboard the two aircraft survived the crash . Neither aircraft was required to carry electronic "  black boxes " that record cockpit voices and flight data on larger planes , but electronic navigational devices on board might retain some information that could help the probe , Hersman said . Investigators are trying to establish the facts of the crash but wo n't determine the probable cause for some time , Hersman said . See where the collision occurred " "  We are looking at everything . Nothing has been ruled out at this point in time , " she said . Most of the Eurocopter AS350 had been lifted out of the Hudson on Sunday and taken to a pier in Hoboken , New Jersey , across the river from Manhattan , for examination , Hersman said . The helicopter was taking the five Italians on a 12-minute sightseeing tour around New York and had taken off from a heliport in midtown Manhattan shortly before the crash , she said . Watch crews search for victims " New York police identified the pilot of the helicopter as Jeremy Clark , 32 . He had worked for the operator , Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours , for about a year and a half and had 2,700 helicopter flight hours , Hersman said . iReport.com : Were you there ? Send images His passengers were Michele Norelli , 51 ; Fabio Gallazzi , 49 ; Filippo Norelli , 16 ; Giacomo Gallazzi , 15 ; and Tiziana Pedroni , 44 , all of Bologna , Italy . The plane took off from a Philadelphia-area airfield Saturday morning , landed at New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport and was bound for Ocean City , New Jersey , with three people aboard -- the owner and pilot , Steven Altman , 60 , of Ambler , Pennsylvania ; his brother , Daniel Altman , 49 , of Dresher , Pennsylvania ; and Daniel Altman 's son Douglas , 16 . Controllers lost contact with the plane at 11:53 a.m. , when it was at an altitude of about 1,100 feet , Hersman said . View images from the scene " Hersman said the NTSB has recorded eight accidents and one "  incident " involving Liberty , but Saturday 's crash was the first to involve fatalities . Previous accidents included a 2007 case in which a helicopter crash-landed in the Hudson from a height of 500 feet , but without injuring passengers ; a 2008 incident in which one helicopter taking off clipped another on the ground ; a 2008 incident in which a pilot caused "  substantial damage " to a helicopter while landing during an instructional session . In 2001 , a Liberty pilot made an "  improper decision " to continue flying in poor weather at night , causing the helicopter to hit trees , according to the NTSB . Marcia Horowitz , a spokeswoman for the tour operator , said Liberty executives "  are cooperating fully " with investigators . "  Right now , the company is focusing its efforts on cooperating with the NTSB and giving as much information as it can , " Horowitz said . "  At this time , their priority is to help with the family of their pilot , and of course the families that were involved in the accident . " Investigators will focus on radio communications along the congested air corridor at the time of the crash and examine any pictures or video contributed by the public , Hersman told CNN earlier . Witness accounts and still photographs already provided "  good information " to investigators , she said . A witness told investigators he saw the airplane approach the helicopter from behind , and the plane 's right wing make "  contact with the helicopter , " Hersman said . The witness , another Liberty pilot who was refueling at a nearby heliport , said he tried to warn the helicopter pilot but got no response . Other witnesses reported seeing debris flying from the helicopter as it slammed into the water . Arnold Stevens , who saw the collision from the W Hotel in Hoboken , said the helicopter "  dropped like a rock , " while one of the plane 's wings was sheared off and it began "  corkscrewing " into the water , he said . The busy airspace surrounding Manhattan has been the site of several recent aeronautical accidents . Earlier this year , a US Airways plane with 155 people on board ditched into the Hudson after apparently striking birds upon takeoff from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , officials said . Capt. Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger 's landing , which resulted in no deaths or serious injuries , was captured on closed circuit television . In 2006 , Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle , 34 , and his flight instructor were killed when the ballplayer 's plane crashed into a high-rise apartment building near the East River , city officials said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Seven bodies pulled from water ; two others believed dead Search stops Sunday evening because of weather , will resume Monday Authorities investigating Saturday 's collision of helicopter , plane over Hudson River Pilot on ground says he tried to warn helicopter before accident
CNN  -- You 've heard of hybrids , electric cars and vehicles that can run on vegetable oil . But of all the contenders in the quest to produce the ultimate fuel-efficient car , this could be the first one to let you say , "  fill it up with air . " The compressed air car planned for the U.S. market would be a six-seater , a New York company says . That 's the idea behind the compressed air car , which backers say could achieve a fuel economy of 106 miles per gallon . Plenty of skepticism exists , but with many Americans trying to escape sticker shock at the gas pump , the concept is generating buzz . The technology has been the focus of MDI , a European company founded in 1991 by a French inventor and former race car engineer . New York-based Zero Pollution Motors is the first firm to obtain a license from MDI to produce the cars in the United States , pledging to deliver the first models in 2010 at a price tag of less than $ 18,000 . The concept is similar to how a locomotive works , except compressed air -- not steam -- moves the engine 's pistons , said Shiva Vencat , vice president of MDI and CEO of Zero Pollution Motors . Gas still plays a role The six-seater planned for the U.S. market would be able to reach speeds of more than 90 mph and have a range of more than 800 miles thanks to a dual energy engine , Vencat said . Watch what a prototype looks like and why the cars may take off in cities " The design calls for one or more tanks of compressed air under the car 's floor , as well as a tank holding at least 8 gallons of fuel . Whether the engine uses just air or both air and fuel would depend on how fast the car is going . It would run purely on compressed air at speeds less than 35 mph , Vencat said . Since the car could only go a short distance when using just air , fuel is needed to get the full range , he explained . "  Above 35 mph , there is an external combustion system , which is basically a heater that uses a little bit of gasoline or biofuel or ethanol or vegetable oil that will heat the air , " Vencat said . "  Heating the air increases its volume , and by increasing its volume , it increases -LSB- the car 's -RSB- range . That 's why with one gallon of gasoline or its equivalent we are able to make over 100 mpg . " See what the engine looks like " Vencat said an on-board compressor would refill the air tank while the car is running , or owners could refill it by plugging it into a power outlet for four hours . Is it for real ? Experts are n't sure Americans will be zipping around in air cars and getting 106 mpg , or more than twice the fuel economy of hybrid-electric vehicles such as the Toyota Prius . It is possible to power a car with compressed air , but the mileage claim is "  at the edge of possibility , " said John Callister , director of the Harvey Kinzelberg Entrepreneurship in Engineering program at Cornell University 's College of Engineering . He noted that such dramatic fuel efficiency is associated with tiny experimental cars , not bigger mainstream ones . "  No one 's really proven a six-seater passenger car -LSB- can get -RSB- any better than 75 miles to the gallon . So this would represent a big step forward , " Callister said . "  They would have to prove that before they can throw rocks at the Prius . " Another expert expressed concern about the amount of energy it would take to generate the required air pressure : 4,500 pounds per square inch , or more than 120 times the pressure inside the tires of a typical four-door sedan . "  That is above what you normally find even in an industrial setting , " said William Bulpitt , senior research engineer at the Georgia Institute of Technology 's Strategic Energy Institute . "  That takes quite a compressor to do . ... It takes horsepower to compress the air up to that pressure . " If you count that energy , it 's hard to believe the car would be that much more efficient than an electric vehicle , Callister said . India shows interest The compressed air car will get a chance to prove itself next year when it competes for the Automotive X Prize . The multimillion-dollar award will go to the team that "  can win a stage race for clean , production-capable vehicles that exceed 100 mpg equivalent fuel economy , " according to the X Prize Foundation . The air-car concept has also drawn the interest of Tata Motors , India 's largest automaker . The company announced an agreement with MDI last year to further develop and refine the technology . However , the cars have yet to hit the streets in India or anywhere else . "  The project is under progress . We do not yet have any timeframe for launch , " said Debasis Ray , the head of corporate communications for Tata Motors . Only prototypes exist at this point , Vencat said . Light design The body of the car planned for the United States would be built with fiberglass and injected foam . The chassis , composed of aluminum rods , would be glued together , not welded . The design allows the car to be as light as possible , Vencat said . For anyone who has doubts about its safety , he insisted computer simulations show that the vehicle would pass crash tests and meet all U.S. safety standards . "  Do you think somebody would actually put millions of dollars into making a car that will not pass safety regulations ? There 's no point in doing that , " Vencat said . Callister pointed out that there have n't been any lightweight , 100-plus mpg cars to pass crash tests but said it could be done through a "  very clever design " of a lightweight frame . A good prototype could dispel many of the doubts about the compressed air car , he added . "  I do n't think we should discount this advance if it happens , " Callister said .	The car would be powered by a combination of compressed air and fuel A New York company is pledging to build the first models in the U.S. in 2010 The mileage claim is "  at the edge of possibility , " an engineering expert says India shows interest in the technology ; car to compete for the Automotive X Prize
In Zambia , bicycles are grown from the ground . Making the most of the southern African country 's bamboo plants , two Americans and two Zambians have set up a company that is crafting high-end , lightweight bicycles with frames made out of the locally-grown wooden weed . Dubbed Zambikes , the company is putting its custom-built Zambian bikes on roads around the world , offering pedal enthusiasts a unique ride while helping to empower local communities back home . "  It 's a plus to have a product that is grown in Africa , made in Africa and exported to everywhere else in the world , " says Zambikes co-founder Mwewa Chikamba . "  It 's rare that we have such incentives coming through -- mostly we are importing stuff from the rest of the world . " Eye-catching , super light and extremely durable , bamboo bicycles have gained traction in recent years , becoming a popular alternative to traditional steel or aluminium bikes . The material , one of nature 's fastest growing resources , has great shock absorbing abilities that contribute to a smooth and eco-friendly ride . "  It 's a green project and we are encouraging other entities and industries to look at ways and means of bringing down the levels of pollution , " says Lusaka-born Chikamba , 43 . "  We produce it in a manner that is pollution-free and is n't by any chance devastating to the global warming issues . " Read more : Rise of the ` repats ' The idea for Zambikes first surfaced in 2004 when two young Americans , Vaughn Spethmann and Dustin McBride , visited Zambia on a six-week university field trip . The two college friends were impressed by the hospitality of Zambians but also witnessed first-hand the economic hardship that many of the country 's people were suffering . "  We noticed that unemployment was well over 60 % , " says 27-year-old Spethmann . "  Everybody we talked to did n't have jobs or could n't find jobs and when we looked around nobody had decent bicycles . " Spethmann and McBride decided to return to Zambia straight after their graduation . They teamed up with Chikamba and fellow Zambian Gershom Sikaala and together they set the Zambikes operation in motion in July 2007 . So far , the company , which employs some 40 people , has produced about 500 hand-made bamboo frames , but this year alone it expects to crank out another 450 . With a price tag of around $ 900 , the company 's bamboo bikes are primarily aimed at the international market , with countries such as Japan , Singapore , Germany , Brazil , Finland and the United States driving demand . But from planting the bamboo in the Zambian forests to shipping the bicycles to the concrete urban jungles across the world , the process of manufacturing the bikes is far from an easy task . Spethmann says the bamboo is chosen carefully for its quality and thickness . It is then cut and treated before being dried and placed in a jig . The frame is then joined with glue and wrapped in natural fibers and affixed to its conventional metal components . "  It is quite labor intensive -- each frame takes between 40 and 60 man hours to make , " says Spethmann . "  Every piece of bamboo is having different colors , different bend , so every frame is unique . " Read more : Africa 's daily commuting grind As well as their bamboo bikes , Zambikes is also making steel bicycles to cater to the local market 's needs for cheap transport , having so far produced about 10,000 of them . It is also producing spare parts and cargo carts as well as bicycle ambulances that are designed to easily transport patients or pregnant women from their homes to a health center . "  In rural areas where there 's no roads , no fuel , nothing , these bicycle ambulances that are very low maintenance allow these people to be ferried to the clinic , " says Spethmann , noting that the company has so far , distributed over 900 "  zambulances . " Running such a business in Zambia , however , is not without challenges . Notwithstanding difficulties such as huge transportation costs , high import rates , currency fluctuations and bureaucracy , Zambikes ' founders say that attracting capable staff has been hard at times . "  Finding good workforce has been challenging , " admits Spethmann , "  but that 's one of the reasons that we came in Zambia , " he adds . "  We saw a need and we saw people that needed opportunities , so on one hand this is a challenge but on the other hand we are happy to help . " More than just a business , the company says its mission is to save lives and develop efficient and affordable transport solutions in a country where most people live on $ 2 a day -- Zambia ranks a gloomy 164 out of 187 on the 2011 Human Development Index by the United Nations Development Program . Viewing social business growth as a sustainable answer to the country 's economic woes , Zambikes founders say the want to benefit local communities by providing employment and skills training to the "  uneducated and underprivileged . " "  The main goal we have is firstly to make the most vulnerable Zambians realize that they have an equal opportunity in life to excel , to move from where they are to the next point and begin to grow into what they are meant to be , " says Chikamba . The company is also offering additional business training and interest-free loans to its staff as part of its commitment on community development . "  Much more than just a project , the incentive we get is seeing someone on a Zambike and enabling him to do or acquire whatever he is purposed to -- that is a great reward , " says Chikamba .	Zambikes is a Zambia-based company producing bamboo bicycles Other products include bicycle ambulances that help carry patients to clinics The company says it want to help Zambia address its social and economic needs It provides jobs and skills training to the "  uneducated and underprivileged "
Don Cornelius never led a civil rights march , launched a boycott or gave a speech before a cheering crowd of protesters . But his impact on America was as profound as virtually any civil rights leader , says Shayne Lee , a sociologist who grew up watching "  Soul Train . " Cornelius ' groundbreaking TV show did n't just captivate African-Americans -- it tied white and black America together in a way that had not been done before , says Lee , who teaches a course on hip-hop at the University of Houston . "  He was an ambassador , the pope of soul , " Lee said . "  For a lot of suburban whites living in segregated America , this was their first exposure to this exciting new world of movement and energy . He made black culture more accessible . " Cornelius , who hosted "  Soul Train " for 22 of its 36 years on the air , died Tuesday . He was 75 . Police reports indicate he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . The suave Cornelius was known by an entire generation of African-Americans as the dapper host of "  Soul Train " who signed off each show by blowing a kiss and declaring , "  We wish you love , peace and souuuullll . " Most of the tributes to Cornelius that poured in following his death focused on his contribution to music . Others said his legacy was bigger than sound . Cultural impact of ` Soul Train ' Kenny Gamble , co-founder of Philadelphia International Records , which produced the theme song for "  Soul Train , " says Cornelius was a great contributor to American , not just black , culture . "  Soul Train , " like Apple and Coca-Cola , is an American brand , Gamble says . "  Soul Train " traditions , like dancers gathering to cheer on fellow dancers as they shimmied down a dance line , are now a part of pop culture . "  No matter where you go in this world , people are doing the ` Soul Train ' dance line , " he said . "  What 's a party without the ` Soul Train ' dance line ? " Gamble still sounded stunned after hearing the news about Cornelius . "  Unbelievable , " he said . "  That was my man . " Singer Gladys Knight told CNN that Cornelius was an unsung hero whose show amplified the message , "  I 'm black and I 'm proud . " "  He encouraged us to be ourselves , " she said . "  We 're going to give you this platform and you go out and do your thing . " Sociologist Lee said that message -- be black and proud -- drove the civil rights movement . And just as the civil rights movement overturned segregation , Cornelius erased cultural barriers that separated white and black Americans living apart in their own cultural cocoons . "  I see Cornelius as a civil rights activist , " said Lee , author of "  Erotic Revolutionaries . " "  The civil rights movement changed the legal structure ; Cornelius changed the cultural structure . Changing the culture can change hearts in a way that protests ca n't . " Cornelius first changed television . TV had not been known as friendly terrain for African-Americans before "  Soul Train . " Blacks were often seen in caricatured roles -- as minstrels , servants or outlaws . They were seen through the lens of white America . "  Soul Train " changed the focus . It lifted the veil on black America and showed blacks being themselves , and not as whites imagined them , said Lee . "  The show introduced the notion that blacks were creative , we have something to offer and we 're not going anywhere . And if you give us a chance , you might like some of our moves , " Lee said . Cornelius offered white America a new way to see black men , Lee says . He was n't a sidekick or servant , nor was he angry . "  He walked a tightrope , " Lee said . "  If he was too in-your-face , he would have been offensive on television , or too accommodating he would have been perceived as an Uncle Tom . "  He was soooo cool . " The cool apparently was n't an act to those who knew him and knew how he launched "  Soul Train . " The man behind the voice Cornelius took a big risk to start "  Soul Train . " He was a former insurance salesman who entered broadcasting in the mid-1960s . He gave up a steady paycheck as a salesman because he 'd often been told he had a wonderful voice for broadcasting . He was inspired by another television music host . "  Almost all of what I learned about mounting and hosting a dance show I learned from Dick Clark , " the producer and host of "  American Bandstand , " he once told Advertising Age . Cornelius was used to taking risks -- he used $ 400 of his own money to shoot a pilot and faced skepticism at many turns . Yet he had an edge -- "  Soul Train " was a novel idea . There had been any number of radio programs focusing on black music and black listeners , but "  Soul Train " was the first nationwide black-oriented music-variety TV show . It was also one of the most successful TV programs ever : To this day , its 35 years in syndication are a record . "  If you 're an African-American of a certain age , ` Soul Train ' was as important to your weekend mornings as your milk was to your cereal , " broadcasting personality Tom Joyner wrote in 2010 . Cornelius also was a shrewd businessman . He used a partnership with Sears and Chicago-based cosmetics company Johnson Products to take the show national in 1971 after a year 's run in Chicago . He also stayed true to his market -- and by doing so helped popularize African-American artists among a wide audience . He gave a number of black performers their big break , including Shalamar , Rosie Perez and Nick Cannon -- the latter two as dancers . Soul Train 's fashions The fashions on "  Soul Train " were almost as important as the music . Every Saturday , teenagers all across America tuned in to see what the "  Soul Train " dancers were wearing . Viewers even paid attention to the commercials , where companies sold black beauty products such as Ultra-Sheen . "  It was appointment television in our household , and the clothes were talked about as much if not more than the new dance moves , " said Billboard magazine editor Danyel Smith . "  The style of ` Soul Train ' is a book , a movie , a documentary in and of itself . It was flashy , it was big , it was bold , it was sexy -- and frankly it was a way that I think many in America had n't seen African-Americans look . To just even see people from another part of the country -- people forget how revolutionary that was back in the '70s . " No matter how popular "  Soul Train " became , Cornelius never forgot those who worked behind the stage , said Christopher Lehman , author of "  A Critical History of Soul Train on Television . " "  He wanted to make sure that he had African-Americans involved in every level of production . He had African-American directors , and of course he had African-American dancers , " Lehman told CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry . "  If there had not been a ` Soul Train ' there would not have been a whole network like BET that tries to do on a network level what Don Cornelius did on a program level . " In his later years , Cornelius became an elder statesman for the black music scene . He would show up at awards shows -- impeccably tailored as usual -- to receive accolades for "  Soul Train . " Looking at him then , it was hard to imagine the risks he took when he started "  Soul Train . " But NewsOne 's Don Charnas remembered . Once , James Brown -- then the biggest name in soul music -- wondered how Cornelius would succeed . "  Who 's backing you on this ? " he asked Cornelius repeatedly . "  It 's just me , James , " Cornelius answered . Not anymore . Cornelius ' wonderful voice -- like the music and style of "  Soul Train " -- is now a permanent part of America 's soundtrack .	"  Soul Train " host Don Cornelius ' impact on America was bigger than music "  He was an ambassador , the pope of soul , " one sociologist says Show 's message was "  I 'm black and I 'm proud , " Gladys Knight says Stars and fans praised his cool persona , boldness and cultural "  tightrope " act
CNN  -- It was a reunion more than four decades in the making . Almost 42 years after Robert Russell ' s prized 1967 Austin-Healey sports car was stolen , he has it back , thanks largely to his own detective work . Off and on for years , Russell , who lives in Texas , trolled the Internet looking for his vehicle , which was stolen in 1970 from his home at the time in Philadelphia . He finally struck gold , finding what looked to be his car being sold on eBay and kept at a dealership in East Los Angeles . Viral vigilantism , Tony Hawk style Russell spoke with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , enlisting its help . All those years later , he still had the car 's title that listed its vehicle identification number  VIN  , which matched the VIN on eBay . But there was one last catch . The car was not registered in the National Crime Information Center , an electronic clearinghouse of crime data . So over the next few weeks , Russell and Sheriff 's Detective Carlos Ortega were in touch with the police in Philadelphia . As it turned out , the car 's VIN was incorrectly recorded at the time of the theft . The error was corrected , and Ortgea was able to go to the dealership and confirm the car was , in fact , the one that was stolen . He took possession of the vehicle , which in its current condition is estimated to be worth around $ 23,000 , according to the sheriff 's department . Russell and his wife later arrived in Los Angeles to pick up the car -- righting a wrong after 42 years . Top 10 most stolen cars	Robert Russell 's 1967 Austin-Healey was stolen in 1970 in Philadelphia He tracked it to a dealership in East Los Angeles Authorities in Philadelphia and Los Angeles helped to return the car to its rightful owner
CNN  -- More than seven months after the death of a luger practicing for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics , the Coroners Service of British Columbia has ruled Nodar Kumaritashvili 's death an accident caused by multiple blunt force injuries . Kumaritashvili , a 21-year-old from the republic of Georgia , died when his body went airborne and slammed into a metal post at about 90 mph  144 kph  during a training run shortly before the Olympics officially opened . The coroner 's report , written by Tom Pawlowski , said Kumaritashvili 's injuries "  proved immediately fatal . " There had been concerns from athletes about the speed of the record-setting track at the Whistler Sliding Center , according to a Georgian official . "  There were some questions asked by other athletes even before this tragic accident , " Nikolas Rurua , Georgia 's deputy minister for culture and sports , said in February . Rurua added that there had been several crashes in the same area . When the official luge competition started , male and female racers started from lower points on the luge track , which led to slower speeds . Pawlowski 's report acknowledges concerns about the design of the track . "  Following Mr. Kumaritashvili 's fatal incident , questions arose regarding athlete safety at the Whistler track and more specifically , the design of the track and the unprecedented high speeds attained at this venue , such as the record speed of 153.98 km/h -LSB- about 95.68 mph -RSB- . " Given the high speeds at the track , the International Luge Federation  FIL  asked the sliding center for more training days prior to the Olympics and required athletes to make numerous practice runs from various , lower parts of the course before graduating to the top of the course . "  A number of crashes were observed  68 crashes in 2,482 runs  , but the FIL Technical Delegate also noted in his report that nobody was badly hurt , " during a training week in Whistler , the coroner 's report states . Pawlowski 's report states that an FIL official sent a letter to the track designer expressing surprise over the speeds and said the designer 's calculations of top speeds were incorrect . Kumaritashvili completed required training runs , the report states . But Pawlowski added , "  the relative lack of experience Mr. Kumaritashvili had on this challenging track set a backdrop for the incident and it was a significant disadvantage , as far as safety was concerned , for the athlete entering the high pressure environment of the Olympic Games . " The coroner 's report recommends the two international federations over sliding sports -- which include bobsledding and luging -- conduct reviews about their involvement into track design and construction . Pawlowski said "  further and greater scrutiny of safety issues at the track is advisable . " "  It may be that risk can never be fully eliminated from the realm of sliding sports , " the report added . Journalist Eka Kadagishvili contributed to this report .	Kumaritashvili died during a practice run for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics Report : A luging official said the track ran faster than the designer 's calculations A coroner recommends officials for sliding sports conduct reviews
Coral Gables , Florida  CNN  -- World War II U.S. Navy veteran Tony Snetro does n't need any help running around the bases . At 93 years of age , he 's the oldest member on the "  Young Viejos " softball team , as well as one of the originals . He was there when the league for players 65 years and older started more than a decade ago in Coral Gables , Florida . "  Little by little , as it built up , we had enough men to make two teams , " says Snetro . With an average age of close to 80 , they 're not as fast as they once were . In fact , a few ca n't even make it out of the batter 's box . Some players use a pinch runner once they finally make contact with the ball . One of those players is the starting catcher , Augustin Gonzalez . Bending down is a major challenge for the second-oldest player on the team , and running to first base is certainly out of the question . Still , the 88-year-old backstop shows up for games every Tuesday and Thursday , slowly taking his position behind the plate while his teammates cheer him on . "  If a miracle exists , this is a miracle , because to have people here 80 and 90 years old playing ball , I think that 's remarkable , " says 81-year-old Manny Alvarez . Alvarez had a close call five years ago , suffering a heart attack while playing in the outfield . With two stents in his artery , three months later he was back on the diamond , taking his regular position . Nothing was going to keep him from rejoining his pals . "  We are all blessed , " Alvarez says quietly . Juan Montes fondly recalls playing alongside former Major Leaguer Cookie Rojas when they were teenagers in Havana , Cuba . Montes ' father would tell him that only Rojas had the desire to be a baseball player . "  You do n't have that hunger , " the elder Montes would tell his son . "  Besides , you 're too heavy . " The team 's name is a mix of English and Spanish and means young old men . Montes , 74 , says it 's older players like Snetro who inspire him now . "  Tony is a symbol for us to come here , " Montes says , adding , "  Why should I stay home in bed while there are guys out there ? " That 's Snetro 's message as well . "  If you feel good , do n't just sit in a rocking chair , " he says . "  Get up and move around ! You 'd be surprised , by doing this your mind stays sharper . " Snetro 's secret to his everlasting youth ? "  I eat hot peppers , " he proudly states . "  Almost every day since I was a kid raised in Connecticut . " The question now is how much longer Snetro can play . "  The good lord knows that number , " he says with a smile . "  I do n't know it . It 's up to him . " As he points to the sky , he says , "  Who knows , maybe another year or two . " Snetro looks around the field and jokingly says , "  I got ta play until I 'm 100 years old . "	88-year-old outfielder for "  Young Viejos " says it 's a miracle his team can still play Tony Snetro , 93 , says he plans to play until he 's 100 years old They have gathered enough men to make up two teams Some players use a pinch runner once they make contact with the ball
CNN  -- Carol Mackoff and her family were rescued Friday morning after being trapped in their rooms in the Taj Mahal Hotel in Mumbai for more than 48 hours . A text message from CNN correspondent Sara Sidner to Mackoff , who was in contact with CNN during the attack . "  They informed us the final assault was beginning and we got a call from the colonel of the -LSB- Indian -RSB- army , and he said we will give you a password and if we come to the door and give it to you , come quietly with us , " Mackoff said . "  That 's exactly what happened . " Upon arrival , the Indian army rescued six people at a time , Mackoff said . "  It was only what we could carry , " she said . "  They took us down a back service stairway that was very quiet . We were tiptoeing through glass and blood and discarded shoes from people who it appeared had recently died . " Mackoff , her husband , sister and friend were on a three-week trip to India . "  In the beginning , we heard shots and we did n't know what was happening , " she told CNN by phone . "  We saw men running down our hallway and we could see through the peephole in the door -- we could see guns in their hands . " Mackoff said they received a call from hotel staffers telling them to stay away from the door and lock it . For 20 hours they sat in the dark . At one point they taped the peephole so nobody could see in . The Chicago , Illinois , resident said the attackers rang their doorbell twice , but she and her family did n't answer . Listen to Mackoff describe what it was like inside the hotel " "  We locked every possible lock on the door and put heavy suitcases against it , " she said . "  When the explosions started and smoke filled the hallways we put towels at the bottom of the door . " She said she was told that attackers opened doors across the hallway and had thrown grenades inside . "  All we were thinking was ` Please do n't try and blow this door open , ' " Mackoff said . Mackoff said because of the hotel wing 's large atrium , which reaches from the bottom floor to the top floor , the sounds of gunshots and explosions echoed and reverberated throughout the two days . She said looking through the peephole she could see that most of the attackers were carrying backpacks . "  They were young and they all seemed to have the same kind of jackets and red and blue backpacks , that we were told officials believed were stuffed with grenades or some sort of explosives , " she told CNN . "  We were able to see the barrel of their gun and at one point one of them had a cell phone and was conversing or coordinating with someone . " While she was trapped , Mackoff exchanged text messages with the U.S. Consulate , which coordinated the rescue with the Indian Army . The four were told the exact time they would be rescued . Mackoff also kept in contact with CNN , including correspondent Sara Sidner , who was reporting from outside the Taj Mahal Hotel . Watch Sara Sidner report on the rescue , talk about being Mackoff 's lifeline " A CNN staff member "  kept me filled in on what was going on and I kept her filled in on what was going on -- on what I could hear , " Mackoff said . Those contacts were Mackoff 's only lifeline to the outside . She said the satellite connection had been cut , so they could n't watch TV to see what was going on . Throughout the 48 hours they were trapped , Mackoff and her companions ate chocolate chip cookies from the minibar , health bars they had brought from home and cashew nuts . Finally , when Mackoff and her family and friend were rescued , she sent a message to CNN to say she was safe . "  It does n't seem real . You ca n't take it in , " Mackoff said as she sat on a plane waiting to go home . "  It 's a surreal experience , you do n't believe it really happened to you . "	NEW : Carol Mackoff said they went down back stairs over glass , blood to escape Family stayed in contact with U.S. Consulate , CNN through text messages Mackoff : "  We saw men running down our hallway ... we could see guns " Woman says attackers rang doorbell , family stuck heavy suitcases against door
CNN  -- Michael Jordan once summed up his social and political activism in four simple words : "  Republicans buy sneakers , too . " In a world where athletes and celebrities seem more willing to attach their names to high-priced sneakers and headphones than real-world issues , many are thrusting themselves directly into an uncomfortable national debate over police brutality and racial injustice . It 's not only people with prominent names ; there are medical students , congressional staffers , a university president and even a Northern California police chief . A spate of controversial police slayings of unarmed black men served as the catalyst . But the case of Eric Garner , a New York grandfather who was put in a fatal chokehold by a police officer trying to arrest him for selling cigarettes illegally , has resonated with whites and nonwhites alike . Commentators across the political spectrum have united to condemn last week 's decision by a grand jury not to indict white New York Police Officer Daniel Pantaleo in Garner 's death , which was captured on a video seen around the globe . According to Pantaleo 's lawyer , the officer says he did n't use a chokehold on Garner . The outpouring started in earnest one week before the New York decision , with the long-awaited announcement of a grand jury 's decision not to indict Ferguson , Missouri , Police Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of unarmed teen Michael Brown . That decision was met with violent demonstrations in Ferguson and largely peaceful protests throughout the nation . On November 3 , five St. Louis Rams players infuriated some people with a silent message before a game against the Oakland Raiders . Stedman Bailey , Tavon Austin , Jared Cook , Chris Givens and Kenny Britt walked onto the field and raised their palms in the air , demonstrating the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture protesters in Ferguson had been using for months . Police chief and university president That groundswell seems to have peaked with the nonindictment in the Garner case . As they warmed up for a game Monday attended by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , Cleveland Cavaliers LeBron James and Kyrie Irving were among players wearing T-shirts saying "  I ca n't breathe " -- Garner 's last words , which have become a rallying cry for protesters . In Los Angeles , the Lakers ' Nick Young , Jordan Clarkson , Carlos Boozer , Wayne Ellington and Jeremy Lin donned "  I ca n't breathe " shirts on the bench during the first half of an NBA game against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday . The Georgetown University basketball team did the same . In Northern California , Richmond Police Chief Chris Magnus joined about 100 demonstrators and carried a sign with the popular Twitter hashtag #BlackLivesMatter , according to the Contra Costa Times . At the University of Pennsylvania , protesters crashed university President Amy Gutmann 's annual holiday party Tuesday night , according to the university newspaper , The Daily Pennsylvanian . Gutmann joined the protesters by lying on the floor in a 4Â 1/2 minute "  die-in " in memory of Brown . Around the nation , medical students on Wednesday staged white-coat "  die-ins , " organized under the trending Twitter hashtag #WhiteCoats4BlackLives . At the University of Cincinnati , for instance , about 75 medical and pharmacy students held a 20-minute "  die-in " protest . ` Not Guilty ... Not Shocked ' In Washington , minority congressional staffers walked off their jobs and gathered on the steps of the Capitol on Thursday with their hands raised to show support for the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner . The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association joined black staffers and the Congressional Black Associates in planning the event . They were joined by Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , who fought to end segregation and racial discrimination in the South in the 1960s . New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker , a Democrat and one of two African-Americans in the U.S. Senate , last week posted a column to his Facebook page that he wrote for The Stanford Daily as a university student after the Rodney King verdict in 1992 . "  I 'm struggling to be articulate , loquacious , positive , constructive , but for the first time in so long , I have lost control of my emotions , " he wrote then . "  Rage . Frustration . Bitterness . Animosity . Exasperation . Sadness . Emotions once suppressed , emotions once channeled , now are let loose . Why ? " He continued , "  Not Guilty ... Not Shocked . I 'm a black man . I am 6 feet 3 inches tall and 230 pounds , just like King . Do I scare you ? Am I a threat ? Does your fear justify your actions ? Twelve people believed it did . Black male : Guilty until proven innocent . " After the grand jury decision in the Garner case was announced December 3 , Twitter exploded with reaction . Celebrities ranging from musician John Legend to actress Ellen Pompeo expressed shock and disbelief at the failure to indict Pantaleo for Garner 's death . Even some commentators on the political right -- such as Noah Rothman of the conservative blog hotair.com and Charles C.W. Cooke of the National Review -- condemned the decision in the Garner case . The case represented "  one of those moments where left and right could unite , " Rothman wrote . Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons , who co-founded Def Jam Records , said Americans have not experienced demonstrations like the ones breaking out almost daily in generations . The failure to get indictments in the Brown , Garner and other racially charged cases was "  like lightning striking the black community over and over and over again . " "  America has not seen protests like those that are coming if justice does n't start to come down , " he said . "  We have not begun to engage the young leaders who are waiting to go to work . You have n't seen young people like this in two generations and they have n't even begun . America has n't seen what 's coming . "	Athletes and celebrities , med students and congressional staffers react to Garner case A spate of controversial police slayings of unarmed black men served as protest catalyst Garner 's chokehold death at hands of police resonates with whites and nonwhites alike
When Jon Stewart gave Hillary Clinton a career aptitude test on the ` Daily Show ' Tuesday night , her answers alluded to a presidential bid -- and she touched on the disintegration of a Middle East cease-fire she negotiated two years ago . The former Secretary of State , Senator , First Lady and Cabinet member told the Comedy Central host that she wants a home office . "  Do you have a favorite shape for that home office ? Would you like it to have corners ? " he asked her . "  Fewer corners , " said Clinton . It was n't lost on the audience that she was referencing the Oval Office in the White House . In a web-only cut from the interview , she agreed with Stewart that the humanitarian crisis in Gaza is overwhelming . Palestinians in Gaza are "  trapped by their leadership , " said Clinton . "  Unfortunately it 's a two-pronged trapping , " she said . "  They have leadership that is committed to resistance and violence and therefore their actions are mostly about how do we get new and better missiles to launch them at Israel instead of saying how we 're going to help make your lives better . " Israel 's Iron Dome defense system is capable of and successful at shooting Hamas-launched rockets out of the sky , but "  that ca n't be certain " in defending Israelis from bombardment from Gaza , said Clinton , especially now that Hamas is reportedly sending drones over the border . Clinton pointed to the Muslim Brotherhood , and former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi , as key allies in the negotiation process between Israel and Palestine that she helped spearhead as Secretary of State in November 2012 . "  The Hamas leadership now feels somewhat trapped themselves because they had an ally with the Muslim Brotherhood , " she said . "  I negotiated the cease-fire with Morsi and Morsi was able to convince the Hamas groups to abide by it . He 's gone . " Clinton said that the new , military-led regime in Egypt , which offered a cease-fire Tuesday that Israel accepted and Hamas rejected , sees Hamas as a "  danger . " Clinton said Egypt 's new President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi sees Hamas as a "  source of instability and violence that can affect them in Sinai and beyond . " "  So they are trapped , and they 're trapped I would argue first and foremost by leadership that does n't really want to make the situation too much better because that gives them a lot of leverage over the poor people in Gaza , " she said . Clinton used her third appearance on the show to promote her new book , "  Hard Choices , " and Stewart cut her off a number of times . "  I think I speak for everybody when I say no one cares . They just want to know if you 're running for President , " he said . "  I was going to make an announcement , " she said . "  But you kind of spoiled it . " "  It sounds to me like if I may , you 've declared you 're running for President , " Stewart said . Stewart referred to two books ; ` Clinton , Inc , ' a forthcoming book by Daniel Halper , the editor of the conservative Weekly Standard , and ` Blood Feud ' by Edward Klein , both of which are critical of her and the Clinton family . The host also touched on Clinton 's testimony over the September 11 , 2012 , attacks in Benghazi , Libya , that left four Americans dead . "  If you were not running for President , all of this criticism -- there are two books out now that are exposes of the family , there are constant calls for testimony , there are constant parsing of words . If you stopped that tomorrow -- if you said , ' I am not running for President ' -- it all stops . Do you agree or disagree ? " Stewart asked . Clinton , who has said journalism is now driven more by entertainment than fact-based reporting , said that "  if it all stopped , " a lot of people would lose their jobs . Klein 's book , which hinges on multiple anonymous sources to draw a story highly critical of Clinton , recently overtook Clinton 's own memoir at the top of the New York Times Best Sellers list . "  I 've been amazed at what a cottage industry it is , " Clinton said . To that , Stewart replied -- referring to himself -- "  It 's just these talking heads sitting around , picking out every little thing -- and making fun of it . It 's not right . " 6 times Clinton sounded , acted like a candidate	Palestinians in Gaza are "  trapped by their leadership , " Clinton says Clinton used her appearance to promote her book "  Hard Choices " Stewart : "  They just want to know if you 're running for President "
CNN  -- In a ritual that would terrify most mothers , Indian villagers have cheered as screaming babies were dropped from a 50-foot temple tower . For 500 years , worshippers at a Muslim shrine in western India have continued the tradition -- a rite considered to bring good health and good luck to the children . The infants land and bounce on a bed-sheet held taut by men 50 feet below , and are quickly passed through the crowd to their mothers . Villagers say no babies have been injured during the ritual , which is practiced by Muslims and Hindus in Musti village in the district of Solapur , in the state of Maharashtra . Watch worshippers throw babies from tower . " It also takes place elsewhere in the country , mostly in smaller villages , on special occasions . Parents who want their infants to participate in the event first take a vow at the Baba Sheikh Umar Saheb Dargah , or temple . Villagers say the ritual is a way of giving thanks . But critics want the practice banned , with many saying it 's unsafe . "  The state has to interfere , " said Sanal Edamaruku , founder and president of Rationalist International and the Indian Rationalist Association . The group supports secularism and freedom of expression . E-mail to a friend	For 500 years worshippers throw babies from a tower to crowds below The infants land and bounce on a bed-sheet held taut by men 50 feet below Ritual practiced by Muslims , Hindus in the district of Solapur , Maharashtra , W India Worshippers say no baby has ever been hurt but critics want the practice banned
CNN  -- Hollywood pulled off another blockbuster as a star-studded guest list delivered $ 15 million into the campaign coffers of President Barack Obama Thursday night . Interactive : Which celebs are donating ? The fundraiser at the home of actor and activist George Clooney in the Studio City neighborhood of Los Angeles attracted dozens of guests including Clooney 's girlfriend , actress/model Stacy Keibler ; DreamWorks studio executive Jeffrey Katzenberg ; designer Diane Von Furstenberg ; Barbra Streisand and her actor husband James Brolin . In a largely jovial address to guests , Obama acknowledged that the road to the White House in 2012 will be much different than the campaign four years ago . "  This is going to be harder than it was the last time ... 2008 , in some ways , was lightning in a bottle , " the president said . Obama is locked in a tight race with presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney . A Politico/George Washington University poll released this week shows Romney with a one-percentage point advantage , 48 % -47 % , over the president among likely voters , well within the survey 's sampling error . "  Folks are still hurting out there and those frustrations with Washington and the nonsense they see on the news is making them more cynical than they were in 2008 , " Obama said . "  So we 're going to have to fight against cynicism and a belief that maybe things ca n't happen and maybe the game is rigged , what 's the point . That 's what we 're going to be fighting against this time . "	Obama : 2012 campaign will be tougher than four years ago The president says : "  2008 , in some ways , was lightning in a bottle " A California fundraiser delivers $ 15 million Mitt Romney and Obama are in a virtual tie , a recent poll shows
An Atlanta businesswoman has accused GOP presidential hopeful Herman Cain of having had an affair with her that lasted nearly 14 years , a claim the candidate flatly denied Monday . "  I was aware that he was married , and I was also aware that I was involved in a very inappropriate situation -- relationship , " Ginger White told Atlanta television station WAGA . White also confirmed to CNN affiliate WSB that she had a sexual relationship with Cain , countering Cain 's claims that the relationship was just a friendship "  Absolutely , " White said when asked by the affiliate if the relationship was sexual . "  I ca n't imagine him confirming . It 's the name of the game I guess . " White told WAGA the affair ended about eight months ago , as Cain prepared to announce his presidential bid . But she pointed to mobile-phone records she said showed Cain was calling her as late as September , including one as early as 4:26 a.m. WAGA said that when it sent a text message to the number she identified as Cain 's , the candidate called back and acknowledged he knew White but had been trying to help her financially . Cain , who lives in suburban Atlanta , upstaged the report by going on CNN a few minutes before the station broadcast its interview with White . He told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on "  The Situation Room " that her assertion was coming and would be false . "  It is someone that I know who is an acquaintance that I thought was a friend , " Cain said . But he added , "  I did not have an affair . " "  I acknowledge that I knew the woman , " he said . "  I acknowledge that I have known her for about that period of time . But the accusation that I had a 13-year affair with her , no . " He said his wife 's immediate reaction upon hearing of the accusation was , "  Here we go again . " And he said he had no plans to drop out of the race -- "  Not as long as my wife is behind me and as long as my wife believes I should stay in this race . " In a written statement issued after the interview aired , he said , "  I will not fight false claims as it is not what America needs or wants . " "  The American public is tired of dirty politics and smear tactics as evident of their tremendous outpouring of support for me , my family and my campaign this past month , " he said . "  I am running for president of the United States of America , and the reality is that there are individuals out there that favor the status quo of higher taxes , more government and political cronyism and they are afraid of a Cain presidency . " White 's emergence comes after two other women came forward in early November to accuse Cain of sexually harassing them while he was head of the National Restaurant Association in the 1990s . Cain has denied all accusations against him , but he has slipped in published polls since the allegations first surfaced . White said she was never harassed or poorly treated by Cain , whom she described as "  very much confident , and very much sure of himself , very arrogant -- in a playful , sometimes , way . " She said he took her to luxury hotels and flew her to cities where he had speaking engagements . "  He made it very intriguing , " White said in the interview . "  It was fun . It was something that took me away from my sort-of humdrum life at the time , and it was exciting . " In a statement to WAGA , Cain attorney Lin Wood said reporters had no business asking about the allegation . "  This is not an accusation of harassment in the workplace -- this is not an accusation of an assault -- which are subject matters of legitimate inquiry to a political candidate , " he said . "  Rather , this appears to be an accusation of private , alleged consensual conduct between adults -- a subject matter which is not a proper subject of inquiry by the media or the public . "  No individual , whether a private citizen , a candidate for public office or a public official , should be questioned about his or her private sexual life , " Wood said . "  The public 's right to know and the media 's right to report has boundaries and most certainly those boundaries end outside of one 's bedroom door . " He did not address White 's assertion directly , and said Cain "  has no obligation to discuss these types of accusations publicly with the media . "  Some things are fair game , and some are n't , " Wood told CNN in a telephone interview , adding that this was one that was off-limits . "  You 've got to draw the line somewhere . " White told WAGA that she was a reluctant accuser who decided to go public only after her name was circulated among reporters . But she also said she was upset by Cain 's responses to the sexual harassment allegations from two women who have been identified publicly . "  It bothered me that they were being demonized , sort of , or were being treated as if they were automatically lying and the burden of proof is on them , " White said . WAGA said it and other news organizations had received a tip from someone who knew White , alleging she had had an affair with Cain . "  I wanted to come out and give my side before it was thrown out there and made to be something , you know , filthy , which some people will look at this and say , that 's exactly what it is , " White told the station . She said their on-again , off-again relationship allegedly began in Louisville , Kentucky , in the late 1990s , when Cain gave a National Restaurant Association presentation to a group that included White . Afterward , the two shared drinks and Cain invited her back to his hotel room , where he pulled out a calendar and invited her to meet him in Palm Springs , California , she said . WAGA said White 's work history includes a 2001 sexual harassment claim against an employer that was settled , a 23-year-old bankruptcy in Kentucky and several evictions over the past six years . A former business partner accused her of stalking her with repeated e-mails and texts in a case that was ultimately dismissed , followed by a libel suit White lost because she failed to respond to it , WAGA said . But White 's attorney , Edward Buckley , told CNN 's "  John King USA " that his client has no apparent financial motive for making the accusation and "  everything to lose . " "  To tell you candidly , I do n't know if she is employed or not , because she was kind of on the ropes because of all this stuff , " Buckley said . "  The media called her employer before this story came out , and it made it very difficult for her in the workplace . " And prominent feminist attorney Gloria Allred , who represents one of the women who accused Cain of harassing them , said White 's financial troubles mean "  zero , zip , nada . " "  There are millions of women in this country and millions of men as well having financial problems , " she told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  The fact that she 's had them in the past does not bear on whether or not she 's credible on this issue . "	Accuser says the relationship was sexual , TV station reports "  I was aware that he was married , " the woman tells a TV station Cain says he did not have an affair with the woman "  Some things are fair game and some things are n't , " his lawyer says
A video released Wednesday shows members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot being beaten by security officials in Sochi as they tried to film a music video at the port of the city that is hosting the Winter Olympics . The apparent attack happened just a day after band members Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , as well as journalists and Russian human rights activists , were detained for several hours at a police station located just a few miles from the Olympic Park . A YouTube video of the new incident shows band members arriving at the port , surrounded by photographers . The women don ski masks in front of a Sochi 2014 sign and , as they began to perform , one band member is immediately pepper sprayed at close range by a man wearing the traditional headgear of the Cossacks . Some of the women are then struck with a baton before several Cossacks descend on them , shoving and violently removing their ski masks . One of the band members is thrown to the ground by the security men , who also beat a photographer . After the women were beaten and walked away from the port , the security men are seen on the video shoving and beating two other men . The band said it was trying to perform a new song called "  Putin teaches us to love our motherland " at the main port in Sochi . ` You sold yourselves to the Americans ' Uniformed Cossacks in traditional fur hats and uniforms have accompanied Russian police as a colorful addition to the massive security presence around the Winter Games . Tolokonnikova said on her Twitter account that Cossacks beat the band with billy clubs and pepper spray . Aisya Krugovikh , a member of the band 's entourage , said that during the altercation , some Cossacks yelled that Pussy Riot members should "  shut their mouths , " adding "  you sold yourselves to the Americans . " CNN has repeatedly tried to contact Russian city officials by telephone and e-mail for comment on the allegations . Among those apparently wounded in Wednesday 's clash was a Russian artist named Alexei Knyebnikovsky , who Krugovikh said was bleeding from the face . Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina published photos on their Twitter accounts of bruises on Tolokonnikova 's chest and a man with blood on his face "  after an attack by Cossacks . " Tolokonnikova also tweeted she was at a Sochi hospital taking care of her husband , who she wrote had "  lost vision " due to pepper spray from Cossacks . The previous day , band members were detained by police , who said they were investigating a theft at the hotel where the band was staying . Alyokhina and Tolokonnikova , as well as the journalists and activists , were released without charges , but they said they were beaten while in custody . On Wednesday , Tolokonnikova 's husband , Petr Verzilov , told CNN the band had been detained and questioned by Russian security forces three times during a three-day visit to the Olympic city . "  Obviously , they are trying to let us know that we 're not welcome here , " Verzilov said Tuesday in an interview with CNN . "  But we treat Sochi as part of Russia and according to Russian law any Russian citizen can go anywhere . " In Sochi for protests The band members were in Sochi to protest what they said was the lack of freedom of speech and to record the music video critical of Russian President Vladimir Putin . Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina had been imprisoned for nearly two years after being convicted of "  hooliganism " and inciting religious hatred for performing a punk song slamming Putin in a Moscow cathedral and then posting a video of it online . Since their release , just before the Olympic Games began , they have spoken to journalists about their time behind bars , describing the conditions as squalid and their treatment by guards as demeaning and inhumane . A third member of Pussy Riot , Yekaterina Samutsevich , was released in 2012 . This month , other band members said Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina were no longer part of the group . But Verzilov said Tuesday that was n't true .	Video shows men in Cossack uniforms beating , pepper spraying band members Attackers hit the women with batons , tore off their ski masks , the video shows Police and Cossacks attacked them in Sochi , the group says CNN is trying to get comment from Russian authorities
