WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court is backing Ohio elections officials in an ongoing dispute over allegations of voter registration fraud . Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner filed the emergency appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court . The justices in an unsigned opinion Friday blocked a lower court order directing the Ohio Secretary of State -- a Democrat -- to update the state 's voter registration database after information provided by some newly registered voters did not match up with Social Security and driver registration numbers . The state Republican party had asked for enforcement of a temporary restraining order , but the justices ultimately denied that request . The appeal , from Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner and other elections officials , follows a Tuesday ruling from the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati that sided with the state GOP . It ordered Brunner to create a system by Friday to provide a list of newly registered voters whose Social Security numbers or driver 's license numbers do not match their names . By reversing the lower courts decision , Brunner said in a statement that the Supreme Court 's had "  protected the voting rights of all Ohioans , allowing our bipartisan elections officials to continue preparing for a successful November election . "  We filed this appeal to protect all Ohio voters from illegal challenges and barriers that unfairly silence the votes of some to the advantage of others , " she said . The state Republican Party contends that there is widespread voter fraud in Ohio -- a crucial battleground state for the 2008 presidential election -- and that Brunner "  turned off " its process for verifying voter registrations while allowing Ohioans to cast ballots on the same day they registered . In reaction to the high court 's decision state GOP Chairman Bob Bennett said in a statement , "  This decision was made on a technicality , not on the merits of the case . " "  We are again calling on the Secretary of State to comply with federal law by providing clear instructions to election administrators on how to handle questionable voter registration forms , " Bennett said . Bennett had accused Brunner of concealing fraudulent voter registrations in hopes of swinging the state to Sen. Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate . Brunner 's office has acknowledged that preliminary information provided by about 200,000 registered voters may not match up . Brunner said Tuesday she had prepared for the appeals court 's "  possible adverse decision " ahead of time by announcing plans to "  further improve the statewide voter registration database . " The appeals court opinion called Ohio 's current system "  virtually useless " and said it does "  nothing to address the anti-fraud objective . "	NEW : Secretary of state says high court "  protected the voting rights of all Ohioans " High court backs Ohio Secretary of State in voter registration dispute Earlier ruling ordered list of newly registered Ohio voters with mismatched data Republican Party contends voter fraud could help swing state towards Obama
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- On a historic night for America , Barack Obama secured the Democratic Party 's nomination for president and emerged for the first time on stage in Denver with running mate Sen. Joe Biden . Obama on Wednesday officially became the first African American to lead a major party ticket . Delegates cried and cheered as former rival Sen. Hillary Clinton motioned to cut the roll call vote short , saying "  Let 's declare together with one voice right here , right now , that Barack Obama is our candidate and he will be our president . " The dramatic move was carefully choreographed to put down any fears of a divided party following the protracted primary battle . Watch emotional crowd nominate Obama " The Democrats jumped to their feet as they made history with Obama as their leader . Outside the hall , Republican leaders also hailed the achievement . On Thursday , the 45th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I have a dream " speech , in the culmination of the Democratic National Convention , Obama will address an estimated 70,000 people at Invesco field in Denver . Read more about the historic anniversary "  This is something people like me have been waiting for for days , weeks . Years , " said Howard Hemsley , an African-American delegate from New York . "  He 's going to the White House . He 's going to be our next president . " iReport.com : "  Never thought I 'd see this day " Former President Bill Clinton reflected on the significance of the moment in his address before the Democratic National Convention . Read more on Clinton 's case for Obama "  Now , Sen. Obama 's life is a 21st-century incarnation of the old-fashioned American dream . His achievements are proof of our continuing progress toward the more perfect union of our founders ' dreams , " he said . "  Barack Obama will lead us away from the division and fear of the last eight years back to unity and hope . " Watch the sights and sounds of the convention events " President Clinton and Biden , two of the party 's elder statesmen , lavished praise upon the newly crowned nominee and did their best to paint Republican rival Sen. John McCain as a candidate who would lead the country down a dangerous path . Clinton cast Obama as the safe pick , and the only one who could bring about change . He sought to put to rest the main criticism of Obama -- that he does not have the experience to lead . Watch Clinton wow the Democrats " Obama 's perceived weakness compared to McCain on foreign policy and national security issues has been of concern to Democratic strategists , especially since Russia 's conflict with Georgia intensified this month . According to a new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , 78 percent of registered voters said they believe McCain can handle the responsibilities of commander in chief , compared to 58 percent for Obama . "  Clearly , the job of the next president is to rebuild the American dream and to restore American leadership in the world , " President Clinton said Wednesday night . iReport.com : Share your reaction to the convention speeches "  And here 's what I have to say about that . Everything I learned in my eight years as president , and in the work I have done since in America and across the globe , has convinced me that Barack Obama is the man for this job . " The ex-president had been one of the most vocal critics of Obama during the protracted primary season . Republicans have used the Clintons ' earlier criticism of Obama 's experience in their attacks on the Democratic presidential nominee . Going into the convention , there were still a lot of questions about whether the Clintons were ready to embrace Obama following the bruising primary battle . Clinton seemed to change that narrative as he declared his support for Obama . David Gergen , a CNN senior political analyst who worked in the Clinton administration , said the speech was "  the most effective and the most important speech Bill Clinton has delivered since he left the White House . " View an analysis of day 3 " Continuing criticism leveled by Clinton and other speakers this week , Biden took to the stage and delivered an assault on Republican policies . "  As we gather here tonight , our country is less secure and more isolated than at any time in recent history . The Bush-McCain foreign policy has dug us into a very deep hole , with very few friends to help us climb out , " he said . Biden rattled off a list of McCain 's positions on issues ranging from taxes to alternative energy , repeatedly saying : "  That 's not change -- that 's more of the same . " Read more about Biden 's attacks Biden , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , is widely believed to have been chosen for the Democratic presidential ticket based on his foreign policy credentials . Watch Biden accept the nomination " The six-term senator pointed to his friendship with McCain , but said "  I profoundly disagree with the direction that John wants to take the country . "	Barack Obama becomes first African American to lead major party ticket Delegates cry , cheer during historic night Former President Bill Clinton says Obama is ready to lead VP nominee Joe Biden slams Republican John McCain , his long-time friend
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Judy Shepard stood before a massive crowd at the Capitol on Sunday for a single , painful reason . Sunday 's National Equality March in Washington coincided with National Coming Out Day . "  I 'm here today because I lost my son to hate . " Her gay son , Matthew Shepard , was kidnapped and severely beaten in October 1998 . He died five days later in a hospital . More than 10 years later , Judy Shepard addressed the thousands of gay rights activists in Washington who wrapped up Sunday 's National Equality March with a rousing rally at the Capitol . iReport.com : See photos from the march "  No one has the right to tell my son whether or not he can work anywhere . Whether or not he can live wherever he wants to live and whether or not he can be with the one person he loves -- no one has that right , " Judy Shepard told the crowd . "  We are all Americans . We are all equal Americans , gay , straight or whatever . " The activists marched through Washington , calling for an end to the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and equality in marriage . Watch celebrities and others take a stand " The National Equality March coincided with National Coming Out Day , and came a day after President Obama delivered a supportive speech to the nation 's largest gay and lesbian rights group . Obama was praised for his remarks to the Human Rights Campaign , where he said he has urged congress to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act and to pass the Domestic Partners Benefit and Obligations Act . But Obama has also been criticized by gay rights activists who say he has put those issues -- and the Pentagon 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , which bans homosexuals from openly serving in the military -- on the back burner . "  Obama , I know you are listening , " pop star Lady Gaga told the crowd , before shouting , "  Are you listening ? We will continue to push you and your administration to bring your words of promise to a reality . " Watch Lady Gaga speak " Shepard told the crowd she was confident in Obama 's pledge , but that the activists could also play a critical role by contacting their congressional representatives and voting for politicians who support their cause . Watch Judy Shepard say President Obama "  can not do it alone " " Legislation bearing her son 's name was passed in the House this week . It expands the definition of hate crimes to include attacks based on sexual orientation and gender identity . The legislation is awaiting a Senate vote . "  I can announce that after more than a decade this bill is set to pass and I will sign it into law , " Obama said Saturday . At the Capitol on Sunday , the participants spilled from the western front of the building , where a podium was set up , onto Pennsylvania Avenue . There was no official estimate of the size of the crowd . Watch actress Michelle Clunie say , "  Our time is now " " Christine Quinn , the first openly lesbian speaker of the New York City Council , said she had one request for lawmakers at all levels across the country . "  Look me in the eye and tell me I am less of a person than you are , " she said . "  Look me in the eye and tell me my family is worth less than yours . Look me in the eye and tell me I am not an American . Well you know what , not one person in any of those places can do that , not one of them . " She continued : "  So what we 're here about today is to start telling the truth and to force the lawmakers from coast to coast and in the nation 's capital to make our law books tell the truth . " Although Obama 's speech Saturday was supportive of changes in the law to reflect equal rights in marriage and service to the military for homosexuals , given a full plate of other issues at home and abroad facing the administration , it remains unclear how quickly the issues at the center of Sunday 's march will be addressed . Watch Obama vow to end "  do n't ask , do n't tell " " Even members of the president 's own party are split . "  I 've said in the past I do n't think that 's the way to go , " Sen. Bob Casey , D-Pennsylvania , told CNN 's John King , referring to the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act . "  We can move forward on a lot of measures , but I 'm not sure there 's the support yet for that . " Watch Sens. Casey and Stabenow state their cases on gay rights " "  We are gathered here today from all over the U.S. , and back home many of us are deeply embroiled in the particular local battles that we are fighting , but today is a national rally and when we walk away from here tonight , we need to walk away with a common national resolve , " actor Cynthia Nixon , of "  Sex in the City " fame , told the crowd . Watch Nixon push for a "  common national resolve " " A small number of counter-protesters gathered at the beginning of the march . CNN 's Greg Clary contributed to this report .	NEW : Mother of Matthew Shepard addresses crowd : "  We are all Americans " Marchers pass near the White House on the way to the Capitol Activists and supporters urge federal protection of gay , lesbian citizens March comes day after President Obama voiced support for gays in military
CNN  -- Security forces patrolled deserted streets in Gabon 's capital as citizens of the west African nation awaited official presidential results amid growing fears of violence , witnesses told CNN on Thursday . Police block supporters of opposition candidate Pierre Mamboundou in Libreville , Gabon . Voters in the oil-rich nation went to the polls Sunday to elect a successor to President Omar Bongo , who died in June after more than four decades in office . Bongo , 73 , was Africa 's longest-serving ruler . His son , Ali Bongo , a candidate for the ruling Gabonese Democratic Party , was one of the main contenders . Local media reports indicated that the younger Bongo had won , but CNN was unable to confirm those results . "  The Gabonese have come out of 42 years of dictatorship ; they do n't care who will be the next president , as long as it is not Bongo , " Andriankoto Ratozamanana told CNN by phone from the capital , Libreville . "  They want change . They do n't want Bongo , because he is his dad 's son . " Libreville was deserted because residents had fled to villages for fear of post-election violence , Ratozamanana said . "  The citizens wo n't accept if Ali Bongo wins , because that will mean the government stole the vote , " Ratozamanana said . The younger Bongo , a former defense minister , was one of 23 politicians originally in the ballot . Several candidates pulled out a few days before the vote to support the opposition , said Archippe Yepmou , a media activist . Bongo , main opposition leader Pierre Mamboundou and former interior minister Andre Mba Obame have all claimed victory . The elder Bongo took power in 1967 , seven years after the country 's independence from France . He imposed one-party rule a year after succeeding the country 's first president , who died in office . He allowed multiparty elections after a new constitution in 1991 , but his party retained its grip on the government despite that . The nation of about 1.5 million has a per capita income four times that of most sub-Saharan African nations , according to the CIA World Factbook . Despite its wealth , which also comes from timber exports , a large percentage of its population lives in poverty because of poor financial management and a huge gap between the rich and the poor . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	Tension grows in Gabon , West Africa as citizens await result of presidential election Capital Libreville deserted as residents flee the city through fear of violence Voters went to the polls on Sunday to elect a successor to President Omar Bongo
CNN  -- An October three-vehicle collision that left eight people dead in eastern Tennessee was caused by a blown front tire on a church bus , investigators said Monday . The bus was traveling east on Interstate 40 in Jefferson County , Tennessee , when the tire blew , causing the driver to lose control . The bus veered into the median and ran through a cable barrier before crashing into a Chevy Tahoe and tractor-trailer in the westbound lanes . "  This tragedy was the result of blunt-force impact to the front tire that weakened its internal structure and caused the tire 's failure . There was no evidence of any pre-existing condition to the tire , " Col. Tracy Trott of the Tennessee Highway Patrol said . He added that there is no evidence any of the drivers in the crash were impaired or distracted . There was also nothing to indicate the bus was n't well-maintained , he said . The bus , which was owned by Front Street Baptist Church in Statesville , North Carolina , was carrying 18 passengers , five of whom were ejected and killed . Another died inside the bus , while one of the three occupants of the Tahoe died , as did the tractor-trailer 's driver . The bus was carrying a group of seniors on their way back home from a religious conference . The group was called "  Young at Heart , " pastor Rick Cruz said at the time . They were returning home from the 17th annual Fall Jubilee conference in Gatlinburg after three days of preaching and singing . "  We do know that there were several that went on to be with the Lord , " Cruz told his congregants during a sermon after the crash .	October 3-vehicle crash in eastern Tennessee left eight people dead , police say Highway patrol says blunt-force impact caused tire to blow , bus to veer across median Inquiry turns up no evidence that drivers were impaired or bus was in disrepair Bus was carrying seniors home from religious conference in Gatlinburg
CNN  -- A passer-by found four people shot dead Thursday in a car parked alongside a rural Tennessee road , a mystery that has left authorities scrambling to identify the victims and hunt for whomever is responsible . The vehicle was spotted around 7 a.m. on Renegade Mountain , an area about 65 miles west of Knoxville . The bystander quickly called the Cumberland County Sheriff 's Department , Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Kristin Helm said . "  They knew that nobody lives on that street , and  the car  just looked odd sitting there , " Sheriff Butch Burgess told CNN affiliate WATE . The victims were males and female , all of whom were "  relatively young , " according to Helm . "  We are continuing to identify the victims as it is still an active crime scene , " the spokeswoman told CNN on Thursday evening . " ... We still are trying to identify a suspect . " Authorities had n't established a motive either . According to the Renegade Mountain Community Club , the area around where the bodies were found had been a retirement resort , a ski resort and a golf club , though it 's now mostly home to a small number of families . One such resident , Cynthia Benson , described the killings as "  sad , scary . " "  We 've had little problems , but nothing major , " she told WATE . "  Nothing like this . " A Facebook posting on a page tied to the community offered "  our deepest sympathy to their families . " "  Our community is close and family-like , " the message read . "  The victims ' families are certainly in our thoughts and prayers . " Burgess vowed that authorities are using "  every asset that we have " to track down those responsible . "  Knock on wood , we 've not had any  cases  that  have  gone unsolved , " he said . "  And we do n't want this to be the one that does . "	A passer-by notices a car parked 65 miles west of Knoxville and sees four bodies inside Victims were males and females and "  relatively young , " a state investigative official says "  We do n't want this to be the one " case that goes unsolved , Cumberland County sheriff says
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanair MD-82 airliner was not on fire as it took off from Madrid 's airport but lifted off slightly into the air , fell back to the ground and caught fire only after skidding off the side of the runway , a source familiar said Friday . The plane crash victims ' bodies laid out at a makeshift morgue in Madrid . A total of 153 people were killed . Initially , there were indications that an engine might have caught fire as the plane was taking off , but the source said airport video shows the plane lifting off , veering sharply right and then dragging or skidding down the right side of the runway . There was a cloud of dust , the source said , followed by a fireball . Canary Islands regional President Paulino Rivero said after meeting with Spain 's prime minister , Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , that the latter had seen the video and described it as showing the plane using up all the runway as it tried to take off but then never reaching adequate altitude , The Associated Press reported . Eighty of the bodies recovered from the wreckage of Wednesday 's fiery plane crash have been identified , Spanish authorities said Friday . Watch as Spain deals with tragedy " Many of the bodies are so badly burned that fingerprint identification is impossible , and investigators will have to rely on DNA , officials said . Nineteen survivors remained hospitalized Friday . The plane was all but destroyed in the crash , a rescue worker said . When emergency crews arrived on the scene , "  you could n't distinguish that there was an aircraft there , apart from the remains of the tail , " Ergivio Corral said . "  If you did n't know it , you would n't have been able to say there was a plane . " Watch moment of silence " Authorities have handed over the remains of 35 victims to their families , officials said . Families of the victims are being housed in a hotel near the airport , and the government planned to brief them on the crash investigation Friday . The cause of the accident is still unknown , but Spanair spokesman Javier Mendoza said flight data recorders had been recovered . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos from the scene "  One of them seems to be ... a little bit damaged , but -LSB- investigators -RSB- are confident they could use the information , " Mendoza said . "  But we have to wait for the downloading and the analysis " before any conclusions can be drawn , he said . Witnesses reported that the plane banked violently to the right as it attempted to take off before slamming back to the ground and coming to a rest in a gully just off the runway at Madrid 's Bajaras airport . Watch as the wounded arrive at a hospital " The plane 's departure had been delayed for nearly two hours due to a technical problem with the aircraft , Mendoza said , but it was not clear whether that fault was related to the crash . "  The heating problem was treated and corrected by Spanair maintenance personnel , " he said . "  We have reviewed the details on this faulty situation with the inspectors of our civil aviation authority , " he said , "  and we all come to the conclusion that was nothing abnormal in this resolution of that problem . " Madrid observed five minutes of silence Thursday to honor the victims , and the country began three days of mourning . See a map of the airport " The McDonnell Douglas MD-82 carried 162 passengers , four non-working crew members and six working crew members , Spanair said . The aircraft was also carrying seven passengers from Lufthansa Flight 2554 on a flight scheduled to take more than two hours , airline spokeswoman Henriette Ellekrog said . Spanair , a low-cost airline that has a flight-sharing agreement with Lufthansa , is owned by SAS Scandinavian Airlines . Twenty-two of the passengers were children , two of them infants , Spanair said . After contacting families , the airline published the names of those aboard on its Web site . It was the first fatal accident at the airport since December 1983 , when 93 people were killed as two Spanish airliners collided while taxiing for takeoff . The airport , which sits eight miles  13 km  northeast of central Madrid , is Spain 's busiest , handling more than 40 million passengers a year . CNN 's Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman , Claudia Rebaza , Cal Perry and Kathleen Koch contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Video of Spanair MD-82 which crashed in Madrid shows plane got off the ground Video shows plane bursting into flames after runway skid , source says DNA tests will be used to identify victims from Madrid air crash 153 people died when Spanair flight crashed Wednesday during takeoff
CNN  -- South Korean fisherman Jeon Wook-pyo set out on a boat in the Yellow Sea more than 40 years ago -- and did n't get home till Friday . Jeon 's return to his family in Seoul from North Korea raises more questions than answers , and underscores the larger issue of alleged abductions by North Korea . Jeon , now 68 , escaped last month from North Korea to a country which has not been identified publicly , where he wrote a letter to South Korean President Park Geun-hye , appealing for help to return to Seoul . Is Dennis Rodman smart on North Korea ? "  I took a chance to escape the North because I had a growing wish to spend the rest of my life with my relatives and brothers at home , " he wrote Park , according to South Korea 's Yonhap News Agency . Jeon reunited with his family in the South Korean capital on Friday after undergoing questioning by South Korean officials , a Unification Ministry official told CNN . North Korea : Reality vs. the world according to Dennis Rodman Jeon and two dozen other fishermen were abducted from two boats off South Korea 's western coast on December 28 , 1972 ; none of the others has returned , Yonhap said . South Korea was not aware that Jeon had been abducted by North Korea until 2005 , when a photograph from 1974 surfaced showing him at an indoctrination camp in North Korea with several other abducted South Korean fishermen , according to South Korea 's Chosun Ilbo newspaper . Abductions have long been a source of conflict between the Koreas , who have maintained tense relations since their 1950-53 conflict . The Korean war ended in an armistice , not a peace treaty , meaning the two sides are still technically at war . Obama marks ` forgotten war ' in Korea South Korea has accused North Korea of abducting its citizens for intelligence-gathering or propaganda purposes . Pyongyang has denied holding any South Koreans against their will . Just how many South Koreans may have been abducted is unclear , said Ron Redmond , a spokesman for the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea . "  It 's a difficult thing to assess , because lots of times , these cases do n't turn up for a year , " he said from Geneva . "  Nobody knows what happens ; they disappear . " The South Korean government said that , since the armistice , about 3,500 of its citizens have been abducted by North Korea , most of them at sea during the 1960s and 1970s , Redmond said . Though most have been freed , the government says that the whereabouts of about 500 are unknown , he said . Other countries , including Japan , have also accused North Korea of abductions . Tokyo has cited 17 cases of Japanese nationals abducted by Pyongyang , according to Giuseppe Calandruccio , also with the U.N. commission . "  There are many other cases where there are suspicions , but nobody can prove it , " he said . Last month , more than 40 witnesses -- some of them recently arrived from North Korea -- testified before representatives from the U.N. inquiry commission in Seoul , and they detailed horrific abuse at the hands of their captors . A report from the commission is due in March . One of those who testified was Jeong Kwang Il , a North Korean defector once worked for a North Korean trading company that he said dealt with China and South Korea . That ended abruptly in 1999 , when he was arrested by government security agents , he said . "  These people were beating me with clubs , and they said I should confess that I am a spy . But I told them . ` I 'm not a spy . ' But they kept beating me -- for two weeks . " After undergoing "  pigeon torture , " in which he was hung upside down with his hands cuffed behind his back , he confessed to what he told the commission he had never done . "  I could not endure this any more so I confessed that I was given a spy 's job from South Korea , " he said . "  I had given up . " Jeong said he was then taken to a political camp , where he spent three years before he was released to discover that his home was no longer where it had been , and he could not find his family . "  I felt betrayed , " he said . "  I decided that I was done in North Korea . " After a year-long escape route that took him through China , Vietnam , Cambodia and Thailand , Jeong arrived in South Korea in 2004 , where he has started a new life , but not forgotten the old one . "  Even if they give me a lot of money , I will not go back to that country , " he vowed . The U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea was established in March by the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate "  systematic , widespread and grave violations of human rights in North Korea . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	After more than 40 years , Jeon Wook-pyo is back with his family Now 68 , Jeon was abducted in 1972 He was among 25 fishermen aboard two boats seized by North Korea None of the others has returned
Protesters seething over their treatment by security forces hurled rocks at riot police in Ankara 's Kizilay Square on Monday , the latest in a string of violent clashes that have punctuated massive anti-government demonstrations spreading across Turkey -- leaving thousands injured and at least one dead in the past two days alone . The protests united demonstrators from across the political spectrum against a common foe : security forces who unleashed tear gas and water cannons on them in response to what had been largely peaceful protests against the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . "  There has been unprecedented violence against protesters and social protest , " demonstrator Neslihan Ozgunes said Monday . The Turkish Medical Association claimed that at least 3,195 people had been injured in clashes Sunday and Monday . Only 26 of them were in serious or critical condition , it said . One protester , Mehmet Ayvalitas , died of his injuries , the association said . The association reported that the bulk of the injuries occurred in Istanbul , where the protests began before spreading to Ankara , Izmir , Adana and other locations . International groups including Amnesty International have criticized the police response as excessive . In Ankara Sunday night , a CNN crew witnessed authorities roughing up at least one protester . One police officer kicked a CNN videographer , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported , and a CNN crew in Istanbul Sunday also witnessed bloodied protesters . Erdogan responded Monday by dismissing the demonstrations as the work of "  extreme elements " and said they would likely spark a backlash against the organizers . "  My smart citizens will recognize this , then they will give them the right lesson , " he said . But Turkey 's president , Abdullah Gul , took a somewhat more conciliatory tone Monday , saying "  the messages sent in good faith have been received . " "  When we talk about a democracy , we of course mean the expression of the will of the people in electing the leaders of the country . But democracy does not just mean elections , " he said . "  It is natural that outside of elections if there are differing opinion , situations or objections that they be voiced . And peaceful protests are a part of that . " The protests began after plans were made to raze Gezi Park , the last green space in central Istanbul , and replace it with a replica of 19th-century Ottoman barracks . The development would contain a shopping mall . What began as a sit-in by a handful of angry residents quickly grew into a larger protest . Riot police moved in , using tear gas and pepper spray . Protesters responded by hurling bottles , setting up barricades , blocking bulldozers and burning trash in the middle of the street . Then , outraged by the behavior of security forces , demonstrators began attacking police . The protests have since morphed into larger complaints against Erdogan , whom protesters call paternalistic and authoritarian . "  This park was just the ignition of all that , " said Yakup Efe Tuncay , a 28-year-old demonstrator who carried a Turkish flag while walking through the park Saturday . In Istanbul , the crowds have been chanting "  Tayyip resign " -- referring to Erdogan -- and "  Shoulder to shoulder against fascism . " The protests have spread to 67 of Turkey 's 81 provinces , according to the semi-official Anadolou News Agency . On Monday , a confederation of unions claiming some 240,000 members added its voice to the anti-Erdogan chorus , saying it would go on strike against what it called the "  fascism " of Erdogan 's ruling party . On Monday , Erdogan said opponents who had failed to defeat his party in elections were trying to beat it "  by other means . " "  The issue of trees in Gezi Park thing is just the trigger , " he said . It 's one of the few sentiments that all sides appear to agree on . Richard Haass , a Middle East analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington , said if the flashpoint had n't been the park , "  it would have been caused by something else . "  What you have is essentially a large group of Turks who feel alienated from this government , in power for 10 years , " Haass told CNN . "  It 's increasingly a one-party country . All the politics happen within it . The opposition is weak , divided , feckless . You have a lot of people in Turkey who feel both alienated and intimidated by the government , and this is the way they decided to push back . " A day earlier , Erdogan was praising his government 's accomplishments overseeing a decade of unprecedented economic growth in Turkey , and he defended his record as a leader who has planted many trees . "  They are putting on airs , saying we massacre trees , " he said . "  We have planted approximately 2 billion trees . " He also downplayed claims that Turkey could be on the cusp of its own "  Arab Spring " -- the series of popular uprisings in North Africa and the Middle East that led to political upheaval in Tunisia and Egypt , particularly . "  Those in Turkey who speak of the Turkish Spring are right ; the season is , in fact , spring , " he said . "  But there are those trying to turn it into a winter . " Asli Aydintasbas , a columnist for Milliyet Newspaper , said Erdogan is the most powerful and popular politician Turkey has seen in generations . But his approach to leadership does n't sit well with all Turks , she said . "  We have a prime minister who has done great deeds and he really has run the economy well , " she said . "  But you also have this paternalistic style : ' I know what 's good for you . I , as your father , can decide on the park , the bridge , the city and the constitution . ' So , I think people are just wanting to have a more inclusive form of democracy in Turkey . " Hugh Pope , a senior Turkey analyst with the International Crisis Group , called the protests "  completely unprecedented " and said Erdogan was caught off guard . Most demonstrators , Pope said , are "  overwhelmingly ordinary people " who simply want their voices heard . "  However , there are other demonstrators who are somewhat more opportunistic in the left-wing factions who normally do n't get much in the way of airtime in Turkey and are camped on Taksim Square , " Pope said . "  They have outposts where they are delivering their message , and in fact it has to be said that they are sometimes on the front line of the protestors in the fights against the police at the barricades , " he said .	Erdogan says his supporters will give protesters ` the right lesson ' Medical group : More than 3,000 are wounded in two days of clashes The protests are the biggest movement against the prime minister in his decade in power Hundreds have been detained across Turkey , with most released , a local agency says
In the days after last month 's Boston marathon bombings , the city was on edge . Residents were holed up in their homes , under strict orders not to leave . Investigators sifted through countless hours of surveillance images trying to determine who might have carried out this heinous attack . Then came a breakthrough . Three days after the April 15 attack , the FBI identified the bombing suspects captured in surveillance images near the finish line , later identified as Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Suspect : Boston attack was payback for hits on Muslims And a manhunt was on . Hours after that FBI news conference , Boston and the rest of the country followed as the suspects allegedly shot and killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer in a failed attempt to seize his gun , carjacked a black Mercedes SUV whose driver cleverly escaped at a gas station , then fled to the Boston suburb of Watertown , where they were confronted by police . Interactive map of the Boston attacks , manhunt Now , almost a month later , two police sources have shed new light on exactly what happened when police confronted the two suspects in Watertown during the early hours of April 19 , triggering a gun battle unlike anything recently seen on the streets of an American city . Among the new details from the two police sources : -- Police fired nearly 300 rounds of ammunition within five to 10 minutes as they confronted the suspects -- 100 more than initially reported . And that included one round that nearly killed Massachusetts Transit Police Officer Richard Donohue .  Others bullets struck the Tsarnaev brothers , seriously injuring Dzhokhar and contributing to the death of Tamerlan . -- Tamerlan was the only brother armed with a handgun . The only other weapons they had were the homemade explosives that police say the brothers tossed out of the hijacked vehicle , including a few that detonated . -- Police accidentally fired on an unoccupied black SUV during the mayhem . "  In the chaos , an officer or trooper  or some combination of personnel  mistook it for one of the two suspect vehicles , " David Procopio of the Massachusetts State Police told CNN . Boston fire chief gets vote of ` no confidence ' in handling of bombings In the beginning , all police knew just before 11 p.m. Thursday , April 19 , was that a man was down in Cambridge . They would later learn that MIT campus police officer Sean Collier had been shot and killed in his patrol car . A short time later , at least half a dozen police agencies responded to a call from help from the Watertown Police Department , after an officer spotted two cars that the Tsarnaevs were driving . The officers converged on the narrow residential intersection of Dexter and Laurel streets in Watertown . The Tsarnaev brothers were in the middle of the street , after lobbing the homemade explosives . Law enforcement sources told CNN that the only other weapon the brothers had was a single handgun used by Tamerlan , but investigators have not confirmed that . The final hours that paralyzed Boston "  We have not commented publicly on that and I 'm not in a position to do so at this time , " Procopio said . "  Obviously , that is part of the investigation . " The extraordinary gun battle played out in front of Andrew Kitzenberg , who captured photos of the scene on his iPhone from his upstairs apartment on Dexter Street . In one image taken by Kitzenberg , the two suspects are crouched behind the black SUV as they engage in gunfire . Kitzenberg said the two men had been transferring bags from a green sedan that one of the brothers drove to the scene . At one point , Tamerlan approached police on foot , with explosives on his body and an explosive trigger , firing his handgun at the officers who returned fire , mortally wounding him . A police officer tackled him , then handcuffed him on the ground . Around the same time , Dzhokhar grabbed the wheel of the hijacked SUV and drove toward the police . "  As soon as the SUV turned around in the street , " Kitzenberg told CNN 's Drew Griffin , "  it was accelerated gunfire . " Source : Russia withheld details about Tsarnaev At some point , Dzhokhar was shot and wounded . As he drove the SUV toward the officers who had restrained his brother , the police scrambled out of the way and Dzhokhar proceeds to drive over his brother . Tamerlan later dies from the gunshot wound and the blunt force trauma of being run over , according to his death certificate . Several hours later , a seriously injured Dzhokhar was arrested a few blocks away in Watertown , where he was hiding underneath a covered boat in someone 's backyard . Massachusetts State Police and the Middlesex District Attorney 's office are investigating the entire sequence of events that night , beginning with Collier 's death in Cambridge . "  That shoot review , which is ongoing , will include examination of any potential friendly fire incidents , " Procopio said . While Donohue was the only officer seriously injured in the Watertown shooting , another officer was also grazed by a bullet . In high-pressure situations , police often experience "  contagion shooting , " a former Branford , Connecticut , police chief said . And that 's most likely what happened in Watertown . What did suspected bomber 's widow know ? "  If you look back at some of the other cases in the past , then it immediately causes a contagion and other people start shooting , " said John DeCarlo , now an associate professor of criminal justice at the University of New Haven . The gunfight in Watertown was so intense that bullets came flying through a home about a half a block from the shooting scene . "  They landed right near our staircase , near the pedestal and the other near our closet , " said Harry Ohannesian , who showed CNN several bullet holes in his house . "  They went through one , exited , went through another closet and landed under the staircase . " The chaos in Watertown that led to the friendly fire shooting of Donohue can be compared to a war zone , DeCarlo explained . "  Things  that  occur in the very dynamic moments of a situation like this ... are not necessarily -- no matter how hard police work -- what they are trained to do , " said the former police chief , noting that none of his remarks are intended as criticism of police . Procopio concurred with that comparison : "  Considering the chaos and the battlefield conditions -- where a pair of homicidal terrorists were firing shots and throwing bombs at police -- the fact that friendly fire incidents might have occurred detracts nothing -- not one bit -- from the valor exhibited by the police officers and state troopers present that night , " the Massachusetts State Police spokesman said . Timeline of the bombing , aftermath	Three days after the Boston marathon bombings , the FBI showed images of the suspects Hours later , a massive shootout unfolded in Watertown between police and the suspects Almost a month after the terror attack , police sources have shed new light on the Watertown shooting
CNN  -- New Yorkers feasted on the stories when the news broke in 2006 : Brooke Astor , a socialite and megaphilanthropist with Alzheimer 's , had allegedly been swindled of millions and mistreated by her own son . Brooke Astor and grandson Philip Marshall outside her New York country estate , Holly Hill , in 2001 or 2002 . Anthony "  Tony " Marshall , her only child , was indicted on criminal charges including grand larceny , possession of stolen property , forgery and conspiracy . Jury selection for the criminal trial was scheduled to begin Monday . But co-defendant Francis Morrissey 's attorney filed an 11th-hour motion to sever his client 's trial from Marshall 's . The motion was denied late Friday , and a new trial date has been set for March 2 . Morrissey , Marshall 's former lawyer , faces charges including forgery and scheming to defraud . A lawyer representing Marshall , Fred Hafetz , would say only that there would be "  no plea " and that he hopes his client will "  be vindicated . " Watch author Meryl Gordon discuss the case " The trial is likely to resuscitate the tabloid feeding frenzy , which has fostered headlines such as "  Bad heir day , " "  Mrs. Astor 's disaster " and "  DA 's kick in the Astor . " It 's not the way those closest to Astor want to remember her . And the disclosures expected to spill forth from the witness stand are n't the type that Astor , who died in August 2007 at 105 , would want shared in public . "  She would have been mortified , " said Vartan Gregorian , a longtime friend and president of the Carnegie Corporation of New York . "  She was very private . " Through her late husband 's Vincent Astor Foundation , Astor was credited with giving New York , where the Astors made their fortune , about $ 200 million . And although she felt it was expected of her to be proper and elegant , Gregorian said , her wealth did n't define her . Talk of money , real estate and other people 's misfortunes were off-limits at her dinner parties , he said . "  She was not ostentatious . ... She was very funny , very witty and very caring . " When a would-be robber accosted her , she foiled the holdup attempt with this response : " ` Excuse me . My name is Mrs. Astor . I do n't think we 've been properly introduced , ' " Gregorian remembered with a laugh . For 23 years , Linda Gillies directed the Astor Foundation and witnessed her hands-on approach to doing good -- not just for her "  crown jewels , " which included the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the New York Public Library , but also for lower-profile programs . Astor was often quoted as saying , "  Money is like manure ; it 's not worth a thing unless it 's spread around . " But for her , again , it was n't just about the money . Betty Cooper Wallerstein , a community organizer who benefited from Astor 's help in saving 2,500 low-income apartments on Manhattan 's Upper East Side , described Astor as being equally comfortable mingling with tenants as she was in high society . She remembered attending Astor 's 90th birthday party and being struck by the diversity of the crowd waiting to get inside . Around her were elected officials , the social elite , big names such as Henry Kissinger as well as Astor 's staff members and activists such as herself . "  She was as lovely to me as she was to the dignitaries who were there , " Wallerstein said . "  It was such a beautiful and democratic line . " Many close friends and staff members would not speak to CNN , as they will be testifying in the trial or will be involved in a later suit to contest Astor 's will , which her son is said to have changed . But those who did speak were quick to share memories they 'll always hold dear . The tears came quickly when Carmine Fasciani , 73 , remembered Astor . The one-time police detective sergeant , whom Astor always called Sergeant , said he handled security and later served as the full-time head of staff at Holly Hill , Astor 's New York country estate . He was employed by her for three decades , up until he had a stroke eight years ago . But his status as employee hardly described their relationship . "  She was my friend . She was a good lady , " he said , his voice cracking and his words slightly slurred because of the stroke . "  She said , ' I love you ' ... and I loved her . " He built the gazebo where Astor watched sunsets and brought her the pink roses she loved . She took him to see a house that she knew he 'd fall for and helped secure a good price . When Astor lost part of a finger breaking up a dog fight , she called on Fasciani to fly in to be by her side . And two years after his stroke , he sought Astor 's approval , which she gave with a wink and a nod , before marrying his wife , Marilyn , who helped speak for Fasciani by phone from Florida . But working for Astor had its distractions , said Alicia Johnson , who was head of staff at her Maine estate , Cove End , for about 12 years . "  We had the Irish maid fighting with the French maid , the English butler fighting with the cook from Jamaica , " Johnson said , laughing at the memories . "  Mrs. Astor was a peach . The problem was everyone else . " In Johnson 's Maine closet , there are still items Astor insisted she take , including a dress Astor "  hauled out " for her to wear when she announced that she was getting married in 2000 . "  It was a size two , and I was a size 12 , " she said . Employees stayed with Astor for years , until her son reportedly fired most all of them . But the loyalty of Steve Hamor and his two sons stands out . Hamor , 65 , was her groundskeeper in Maine for 42 years . Hamor 's son Scott , who with his brother also would grow up to work on the grounds , spent his childhood running around the estate as if it was his own playground . As a teen , he remembered "  Mrs. A " beckoning him from mowing a lawn to say hello and introduce him to Barbara Walters . Astor wanted to send him and his brother to university . They refused . But when Scott found himself in his mid-20s , going through a divorce and with custody of two boys , he accepted her assistance -- and insistence -- in helping him settle into a new apartment . "  She was always wanting to know how you were doing and what she could do for you , " said Scott , 42 , who now works on Maine property owned by David Rockefeller . Concern that not enough was being done for her is what drove Philip Marshall , defendant Tony Marshall 's son , to file a petition for guardianship for his grandmother in 2006 , alleging , in the words of his lawyer , "  elder abuse " by his father . The intention was nothing more than to ensure that she was cared for , removing control by his father and transferring care to Astor 's dear friend Annette de la Renta . Though he would n't discuss the details that prompted his actions -- "  I wo n't survive this conversation if I do , " he said -- the successful petition mentioned her sleeping in torn nightgowns on a urine-stained couch and eating bland leftovers . "  To the rest of the world , she was Brooke Astor . To us , she was our grandmother , " said Marshall , 55 , who grew up in Vermont with his twin brother , Alec , and was not "  of the New York world . " The practicing Tibetan Buddhist , who is a professor of historic preservation at Roger Williams University in Rhode Island , never anticipated the findings that led to his father 's indictment and said he merely wanted to "  provide my grandmother with the care , comfort and dignity she deserved . "	Criminal trial of late socialite Brooke Astor 's son begins soon Tony Marshall is accused of swindling millions while mom had Alzheimer 's Former staff members , friends and grandson remember who she was to them Astor , New York legend whose foundation gave $ 200 million to city , died at 105
CNN  -- Several days in a row , violent storms ripped through America 's heartland with the most devastating hitting on Monday . Much of Moore , Oklahoma , which is just outside of Oklahoma City , is now a devastated pile of rubble . The rescue and recovery efforts continue and the clean up has begun after a massive tornado touched down Monday afternoon . CNN affiliate KFOR reported that at one time , the tornado was estimated to be at least 2 miles wide , and the National Weather Service said the tornado was an EF5 , the most severe rating for a tornado on the scale . It is clear the days ahead are grave for the people of Oklahoma and the need for help will be immense . There are several organizations already mobilizing on the ground in Moore , and you can help as well through these groups : Emergency care : The Red Cross The Red Cross of Oklahoma has activated its "  safe and well " website for those who are trying to reconnect with loved ones . Red Cross officials and volunteers are also beginning to open shelters . There are a handful open now and this map provides location information . You can help their efforts by donating to the Red Cross online or by texting REDCROSS to 90999 . This will automatically charge $ 10.00 to your cell phone bill . In addition to shelter and emergency care , the Red Cross is also providing hot meals to those affected . They are operating fixed feeding sites at the Little Axe Resource Center Carney Oklahoma Senior Center and in Shawnee at the Shawnee Expo Center located at 1700 W. Independence , Shawnee , Oklahoma , 74804 . If you are outside of the U.S. and wish to contribute to the efforts of the Red Cross , please visit their international partner International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent . Samaritan 's Purse Samaritan 's Purse deployed a group of staff members to travel from its North Carolina headquarters to head to Oklahoma with a Disaster Relief Unit . The unit is a tractor trailer stocked with emergency supplies and equipment . AmeriCares Global health and disaster relief nonprofit AmeriCares has an emergency response team helping in Oklahoma . They will coordinate aid deliveries and assess the needs of survivors and medical organizations in the area . Team Rubicon Team Rubicon , a group of military veterans who respond to disaster , have issued the call to members and is heading to the region . By Tuesday morning , initial assessment teams will be on the ground , and they will then mobilize a full response to help the people affected by these storms . Food and Shelter The Salvation Army The Salvation Army has also jumped into action . It 's in multiple locations throughout cities in Oklahoma providing food , hydration and emotional support to first responders and storm survivors . You can contribute to the Salvation Army by calling 1-800-SAL-ARMY  1-800-725-2769  , online on their website , by texting "  STORM " to 80888 to make an automatic $ 10 donation or by mail : The Salvation Army PO Box 12600 Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , 73157 Feeding America Feeding America is responding by providing food , water and supplies to the residents of the devastated towns in Oklahoma . The group will continue to assess the need on the ground for more assistance as recovery efforts continue . World Vision World Vision has a team headed into the disaster zone with emergency food kits , blankets , cleaning supplies , hygiene items and tarps . Once the team arrives , they will assess the needs and respond accordingly . Feed the Children Feed the Children has also mobilized and are sending supplies to families and children in need in Oklahoma . You can also help their efforts by making a monetary donation . Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma The Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma , in partnership with Oklahoma Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster  VOAD  , is asking that the public support all rescue , recovery and disaster relief efforts by making cash donations . Donations of items such as clothing and supplies are strongly discouraged . Give blood The Oklahoma Blood Institute As the recovery efforts progress and more and more of the walking wounded are found the need for blood donations increases . Many of the injured will require blood to help in their recovery . The OBI team says they are particularly seeking O-negative and Rh-negative blood types . If you are local in Oklahoma you can donate here . Outside of the immediate area , please donate to your local blood bank which will help replenish the national supply . You can find your local center through the Red Cross . Heartbreaking scenes in Oklahoma City after the twister Help injured or displaced pets The Humane Society of Central Oklahoma The Oklahoma Humane Society is working with the city of Moore to assess and shelter animals affected by the storms . Many pets are displaced in violent storms like these and the Humane Society is dedicated to make sure these animals get the necessary immediate care they need . They ask now for monetary donations to help their efforts but will update their page with volunteer and in-kind donations as they get a better grasp on the supplies , food and medical assistance needs .	Oklahoma suffered a second day of devastating storms Monday A massive tornado demolished much of Moore , Oklahoma , just outside of Oklahoma City There are many fatalities and more expected as search and rescue continues Several organizations have mobilized to help the survivors
CNN  -- Time is running out for a British grandmother facing execution for drug trafficking in Indonesia , after her second appeal was rejected . Lindsay June Sandiford , 56 , was convicted in January of smuggling what officials said was cocaine worth an estimated $ 2.6 million after she was stopped by customs officials at Ngurah Rai International airport in Bali in May last year . Sandiford , from northeast England , was found to have blocks of cocaine weighing 4.7 kilograms  10.4 pounds  in her suitcase when she arrived on the island on a Thai Airways flight , the court heard during her original trial . She received the death sentence despite the fact prosecutors only requested a 15-year prison term . A subsequent appeal against the sentence handed down by Denpasar District Court was thrown out by the Denpasar High Court in April -- a decision that has now been upheld by the country 's Supreme Court , according to the official Antara news agency . "  Her appeal was rejected , " presiding Judge Artidjo Alkostar said late Thursday , according to Antara . Three other defendants in the case received jail sentences of six years , four years and a year respectively . Cooperation A lawyer representing Sandiford expressed disappointment at the decision . "  We 're very disappointed by the Supreme Court 's rejection of her appeal . Lindsay was only a courier and a collaborator and cooperated with the police , " Fadillah Agus told CNN Friday . "  They were able to arrest the other suspects with her help so she should 've gotten the lightest sentence , " he added . "  The other suspects got off with lighter sentences . We are disappointed but we have to honor the court 's decision . "  We have two options , a judicial review or seeking clemency from the president . But I have to discuss this first with Lindsay and see what step we should take . " He revealed he last spoke to Sandiford , who remains in prison in Bali , over a month ago . According to Agus , she was keeping herself busy and socializing more with other inmates and prison officials . Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office , meanwhile , is seeking confirmation of the decision . "  We are aware of unconfirmed reports that the decision of the Indonesian Supreme Court has been announced . We are seeking confirmation of the decision from the Indonesian Supreme Court , " a Foreign Office spokesman told Britain 's Press Association . "  We will continue to provide consular assistance to Lindsay Sandiford and her family at this difficult time . " Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation , has strict laws against drug trafficking . Severe punishment The head of Bali 's Customs and Excise Agency monitoring division , Made Wijaya , warned at the time of her arrest that Sandiford could likely face execution if convicted . "  The main reason is because narcotics can massively endanger the young and , thus , whoever is caught with drugs should be severely punished . If three people can consume one gram of cocaine , then this operation has potentially saved up to 14,000 lives , " he said . Indonesia has carried out 22 executions since 1998 -- 14 for murder , 5 for narcotics crimes and 3 for terrorism , according to the Lowy Institute for International Policy . Five of the 22 people executed were foreigners ; all five were executed for drugs crimes . According to Lowy , one plea for clemency has succeeded in a capital case since 1990 , out of a total of at least 36 pleas . CNN 's Kathy Quiano in Jakarta contributed to this report .	Supreme Court upholds death penalty against Sandiford for drug trafficking Briton convicted of smuggling cocaine worth an estimated $ 2.6 million in Bali Lawyer "  disappointed " with result of appeal , says Sandiford "  was only a courier " Two possible options : A judicial review or seeking clemency from president
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The German news outlet Der Spiegel has published photographs of what appear to be two U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan posing over the bodies of dead Afghans -- images which threaten to further complicate the American military effort there . Two images show the soldiers kneeling by a bloody body sprawled over a patch of sand and grass . A third shows what appears to be two bodies propped up , back to back , against a post in front of a military vehicle . Der Spiegel identifies the soldiers as Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes , who are both facing charges relating to the wrongful deaths of Afghan civilians . Specifically , Holmes is charged with the premeditated deaths of three civilians , possessing a dismembered human finger , wrongfully possessing photographs of human casualties , and smoking hashish . He is also accused of conspiring with Morlock to shoot at a civilian and then toss a grenade so it would look like the soldiers were under attack . Morlock is charged with three counts of murder . He is accused of killing one Afghan civilian in January 2010 with a grenade and rifle ; killing another in May 2010 in a similar manner ; and shooting a third to death in February 2010 . U.S. military rules also prohibit "  taking or retaining individual souvenirs or trophies , " which the photographs may be construed as . The trial for the two soldiers is being conducted at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington . Morlock 's court martial is slated to begin Wednesday , while the start date for Holmes ' court martial has not been publicly announced . The U.S. Army released a statement Monday calling the photographs "  repugnant to us as human beings and contrary to the standards and values of the United States Army . " "  We apologize for the distress these photos cause , " the statement said . Army officials asserted in the statement that ongoing court-martial proceedings related to the alleged atrocities "  speak for themselves . The photos appear in stark contrast to the discipline , professionalism and respect that have characterized our soldiers ' performance during nearly 10 years of sustained operations . " They also stressed that the "  United States Army is committed to adherence to the Law of War and the humane and respectful treatment of combatants , noncombatants , and the dead . ... Soldiers who commit offenses will be held accountable as appropriate . " In all , officials have charged 12 U.S. soldiers in what they called a conspiracy to murder Afghan civilians and cover it up , along with charges they mutilated corpses and kept grisly souvenirs . Five of the soldiers face murder charges , while seven others are charged with participating in a coverup . All of the accused men were members of a 2nd Infantry Division brigade operating near Kandahar in southern Afghanistan in 2009 and 2010 . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Scott Zamost contributed to this report	Photographs have been published of what appear to be U.S. soldiers posing over dead Afghan civilians The photos were published by Der Spiegel in Germany Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes are featured in the photographs , according to Der Spiegel Twelve U.S. soldiers have been charged in an alleged conspiracy to murder Afghan civilians and cover it up
Mumbai  CNN  -- In India , gold is gifted at weddings , when a baby is born , during festivals , to mark a promotion -- at any celebratory occasion . Walk into any gold shop , at any time of the year , and you are bound to find customers choosing a gold bracelet or biscuit . It 's part and parcel of Indian culture . In the heart of Mumbai 's Jhaveri Bazaar , which translates into jewellery market , 24 year old Alfiya Bhombal shops for her wedding . She 's come with her parents . The family will gift Alfiya and her groom gold at their wedding . Between trying on various necklaces and earrings , Bhombhal says "  no bride will look the part without it . " Buying gold is a cultural habit in India -- one that 's also driven by economics . More than half of India 's population is unbanked . People who live in its villages are illiterate . Investing in a bank or a financial instrument is almost out of the question of this section of society . The easiest way to make an investment is to buy a piece of gold - a hard asset that can be stored at home . It gives good returns -- domestic gold prices rose around 13 % last year . There 's one big problem with India 's greed for gold . India does n't produce any of the precious metal domestically . Everything that 's consumed here , is imported . Just last year , that cost India $ 56 billion dollars -- and is one of the main reasons behind India 's fiscal deficit ballooning . It touched a record high of 5.4 % of India 's gross domestic product in the July to September quarter last year . That data had India 's Finance Minister worried . In January , P Chidambaram said , "  we may be left with no choice but to make it a little bit more expensive to import gold . " He then raised the import duty on gold and platinum from 4 to 6 % in an effort to curb demand . Mohit Kamboj , President of the Bombay Bullion Association says he does not think this hike in gold import duty will affect a consumers appetite for gold , even if it means a gold bracelet may cost a little bit more . He said property prices have been hit by recession , the stock market has n't given good returns . "  No one has got much return on investment besides gold . " Investing in gold has been good for the retailer but according to Shubhada Rao , Chief Economist of Yes Bank , it 's been a drag on the Indian economy . "  Because savings have gone into gold , the financial savings have begun to deplete and that has caused structural liquidity in the banks to get lower , " she said . Across stores in India , it does n't change much . Jewellery shops remain bustling and Bhombhal , unbothered by the government 's decision to raise the import duty on gold . Buying gold is a centuries old tradition in India , one that few -- including Bhombhal -- are willing to give up .	India bought $ 56 billion in gold in 2012 -- all imported Gold demand in India is one reason for country 's ballooning fiscal deficit More than half of India 's population does not deal with a bank Gold seen as best investment ; domestic prices rose 13 % in 2012
CNN  -- The death of Anwar al-Awlaki deprives al Qaeda of a leading propagandist and an inspirational figure to jihadists the world over . His calm eloquence and fluent English turned al-Awlaki into a YouTube phenomenon , and his emergence as the ideological guide of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , put him at the heart of one of the most dangerous terror groups on earth . Known as the "  Professor " by the group 's operatives , he also became the spiritual mentor to would-be jihadists living in anonymous suburbs half a world away . Al-Awlaki arrived in Yemen after spending much of his youth and adult life in the United States , where he studied in Colorado and was an imam at mosques in California and the Washington metro area . He even gave interviews in the aftermath of 9/11 decrying the terror attacks . But at some point he became disillusioned with his adopted country -- perhaps because of a series of encounters with U.S. law enforcement over his alleged use of prostitutes . When he left in 2002 he took a unique understanding with him of the vulnerabilities of an open society , the sentiments of American Muslims and the opportunities of social media in the 21st century . One such opportunity was online propaganda , best evidenced by AQAP 's glossy periodical Inspire . The seventh edition was published this week , edited by another American jihadist in hiding in Yemen who had been attracted to the cause by al-Awlaki 's teachings . That edition promised a forthcoming essay by al-Awlaki titled "  Targeting Populations of Countries at War With Muslims . " It was al-Awlaki 's favorite theme . Last year he called on American Muslims to rise up against their "  oppression . " In a video released in November 2010 , al-Awlaki said there was no need to a fatwa to kill Americans . "  Killing Satan does not require a fatwa , " he said . "  We have reached with them a situation of ` Either Us Or You . ' " As always , he was careful to justify and explain his words through Quranic verses , which gave his sermons and speeches greater credibility among would-be jihadists . According to Yemeni officials , al-Awlaki had become much more radical in 2007-08 . By this time he was very active on Facebook . His DVDs were being attractively packaged and sold in the West . His YouTube followers ran into many thousands . And he was in e-mail contact with extremists in the United States and the Britain . Two cases illustrate al-Awlaki 's ability to attract followers online . The best known is the messages exchanged between him and U.S. Army Maj. Nidal Hasan , who is being tried for the murder of 13 people at Fort Hood in Texas . In subsequent interviews , al-Awlaki said Hasan had initiated e-mail correspondence with him in December 2008 . Al Jazeera reported : "  He was asking about killing U.S. soldiers and officers , " says al-Awlaki . "  His question was , is it legitimate " under Islamic law . More than a dozen e-mails followed , with Hasan asking al-Awlaki about martyrdom , about when jihad is permissible  about which al-Awlaki had written volumes  , the death of innocent bystanders in attacks . And after the shootings , al-Awlaki was quick to praise them . In the Al Jazeera interview , he calls the shooting "  a heroic action . " "  The operation had a military target inside America , and there 's no dispute about that , " says al-Awlaki , adding that the soldiers killed "  were prepared and equipped to fight and kill oppressed Muslims . " He also mocked U.S. intelligence for not picking up on the e-mail traffic . The other case that illustrates al-Awlaki 's reach involved a British Airways employee , Rajib Karim . In February this year a British court heard that al-Awlaki and Karim had been corresponding , via heavily encrypted software , in late 2009 and early 2010 . In one message purported to be from al-Awlaki , the writer made clear where his priorities lay : "  Our highest priority is the United States . Anything there , even on a smaller scale compared to what we may do in the United Kingdom , would be our choice . " Al-Awlaki clearly saw an opportunity in Karim 's employment at the airline . "  I immediately wanted to contact you to tell you that my advice to you is to remain in your current position , " al-Awlaki wrote . "  Depending on what your role is and the amount of information you can get your hands on , you might be able to provide us with critical and urgent information and you may be able to play a crucial role . " He also sought details on "  limitations and cracks " in present airport security systems , and told Karim he should train as British Airways cabin crew if possible . Al-Awlaki then asked , "  Did any of the  brothers  you mentioned get training on X-ray machines or understand their limitations ? " Through the East African embassy attacks , the Bali resort attacks of 2002 and most obviously the 9/11 attacks , the al Qaeda of Osama bin Laden had become known for spectacular simultaneous attacks aimed at mass casualties . Al-Awlaki recognized that attacks of such magnitude would be difficult to repeat given enhancements in security and intelligence gathering . He and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula began to focus on smaller but highly disruptive attacks that would have a psychological and economic impact on the United States . Two such examples are the attempt to blow up a U.S. airliner on Christmas Day 2009 in the "  underpants bomber " conspiracy ; and the printer bomb plot from 2010 . Al-Awlaki boasted about the Christmas Day plot , saying that Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the suspect who is now on trial , succeeded "  even though it did n't cause the killing of one single person . " "  They spent more than $ 40 billion , and a mujahed like Omar Farouq was able to infiltrate their security apparatus even though they claim he was under surveillance , " he said in May 2010 . Similarly , in one exchange with Karim , he asked : "  Is it possible to make false reports on security risks on airplanes and airports ? Reports that would cause planes to be grounded and airports closed . ... This does n't count for much but it does cause them some nuisance and loss . " In the last two years al-Awlaki had begun to play a more active operational role for the group , driving forward its ambitions to attack the United States . "  Let me underscore , Awlaki is no mere messenger but someone integrally involved in lethal terrorist activities , " State Department counterterrorism coordinator Dan Benjamin warned in April . Internet communications presented as evidence during the British trial of Karim revealed al-Awlaki to be playing a key key role in handling jihadist volunteers arriving in Yemen and the key driver behind its ambition to attack the West . It is possible that his departure from the scene may result in the terrorist group placing more emphasis on expanding its sphere of influence in Yemen , though Western counterterrorism officials will be concerned the group may launch a revenge attack . As he became more prominent -- and more closely associated with the operational side of al Qaeda -- al-Awlaki escaped at least two attempts to kill him . The first was at the end of 2009 , when a cruise missile struck a compound in a remote part of Yemen . More recently , an attack on a convoy in southern Yemen , believed to have been carried out by drones , killed several al Qaeda operatives but al-Awlaki again escaped injury . The inability of the Yemeni or U.S. governments to capture or kill him had begun to add to his mystique . "  I move freely in Yemen , " he said in March 2010 . "  There is a support among my tribesmen . ... Even though they know they are in danger , they welcome me and greet me because they are righteous people . " No longer . We may never know whether one of these "  righteous people " betrayed him or whether other intelligence finally led to his death , but al Qaeda has lost one of its principal flag-bearers .	Al-Awlaki was at the heart of one of the most dangerous terror groups on earth Growing up and living in the United States gave him a unique understanding of U.S. society He mocked U.S. intelligence for not picking up his e-mail traffic with Maj. Nidal Hasan He had escaped at least two previous attempts to kill him
CNN  -- Charges against a police officer jailed in a two-state shooting rampage will be formally dropped Wednesday , a prosecutor said . Brian E. Dorian , 37 , was to be released on his own recognizance Tuesday night , Will County State 's Attorney James W. Glasgow announced . "  I feel horrible that Brian Dorian went through this , " said Glasgow , adding that evidence at the time and identification in lineups merited the charges . "  At no time did we stop looking for exculpatory evidence . " A forensic analysis of Dorian 's home computer and its activity put Dorian at home at the time of the shootings and verified his alibi , authorities said . The officer also told them he was watching sports programs and using e-mail . John Dorian , the officer 's father , told CNN affiliate WLS he was "  relieved " and "  never doubted his son . " Dorian 's attorneys spoke only briefly Tuesday evening . "  He is relieved but concerned that someone is still out there who killed someone , " said David Carlson . Dorian 's boss at the Lynwood Police Department said the officer 's "  reputation has been damaged and his family and fellow officers have been dragged through the mud . " The state 's attorney owes the attack victims , their families , Dorian and Lynwood residents "  an apology for rushing to judgment thereby causing a great deal of pain and suffering for everyone involved , " Chief Russell L. Pearson said in a statement Tuesday night . Earlier in the day , Dorian appeared in court via a hookup from the Will County Jail . He did not speak but an attorney entered a not guilty plea , WLS reported . Several friends and relatives wore T-shirts bearing the message "  Free Brian . " "  There 's an innocent man sitting behind bars and somebody else is running around out there knowing that he got away with it . It 's not fair , " Jill Aggen , a friend of Dorian , told WLS . "  No doubt in my mind . He 's not capable of it . " Dorian was arrested Friday in the killing of one person and the wounding of three others in the spree , which occurred south of Chicago , Illinois . He was held on a probable cause warrant , and bail was set at $ 2.5 million . Dorian , who according to WLS has been on medical leave for an injured shoulder the past year , was taken into custody Friday at his residence , said authorities . The shootings began about 10:30 a.m. October 5 at a construction site near Beecher , Illinois . The gunman killed one worker at the site and wounded two others , police have said . An hour later and about 10 miles away in Lowell , Indiana , authorities believe the same gunman opened fire again -- this time on a local farmer . Keith Dahl was shot in the left shoulder , arm and elbow , and then was robbed . Dahl told Lake County  Indiana  Sheriff 's Detective Robert Martinez that the gunman approached him on his farm and started a conversation about bees before beginning to shoot . The gunman was believed to be using a revolver -- possibly a Colt .38 - caliber or .357 Magnum -- because no shell casings were found at either scene , Lake County Sheriff Rogelio "  Roy " Dominguez said .	Police officer will be freed in Illinois and Indiana shootings Analysis of computer shows he was at home at the time of crimes One person was killed and three wounded in shootings south of Chicago
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan was released from the Lynwood Correctional Facility early Monday morning after less than two weeks behind bars , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . Lohan was released at 1:35 a.m.  4:35 a.m. ET  , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Deputy Benjamin Grubb said . He said she was taken to a treatment facility . After Lohan was taken to jail July 20 , a sheriff 's spokesman said her stay would likely last between 13 and 15 days . Superior Court Judge Marsha Revel sentenced Lohan to 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions in violation of her probation . But the sheriff , who runs the jail , has the power to release prisoners early because of jail overcrowding . Lohan was also sentenced to spend 90 days in a drug and alcohol rehabilitation program after her jail term is completed . Revel ordered Lohan to enter a program within 24 hours of leaving jail . "  I would like the transition to be sooner rather than later , " Revel said last month . She said Lohan 's next court date would come a week after her release from jail , although if she is in a rehab program her lawyer can appear without her . Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence , and in the second incident she was charged with cocaine possession . The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later , when she played identical twins in Disney 's remake of "  The Parent Trap . " CNN 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	Lohan has left jail after spending 13 days behind bars Sheriff 's department says she is being taken to a treatment facility A judge sentenced Lohan to 90 days in jail for a probation violation
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- In the opening days of the Oscar Pistorius murder trial , a journalist 's laptop starting making noise near the back of the court . "  What is that ? " came a voice , gentle but firm , from the judge 's bench . "  I 'm sorry , my lady , " a foreign journalist stammered over the loud American-accented announcement issuing from her computer , declaring that it had found viruses and was beginning a scan . "  Stand up , please , " the judge said . Struggling to silence her computer , the journalist complied as a hush fell over the court . She repeated her apology , explaining that new software had been installed on her computer and she was closing it down . The judge regarded the journalist silently , a schoolmistress displeased with a naughty child , as everyone in court looked on . A long , agonizing moment ticked by . "  You may sit down , " the judge instructed the journalist . Every hand in court instantly reached for a laptop or phone to make sure it was on silent . The judge had never raised her voice . Her name is Thokozile Matilda Masipa , and she is the woman who has decided the fate of Oscar Pistorius . She was the "  my lady " all the witnesses addressed when testifying , even though they were normally answering questions from male lawyers . A diminutive figure who moves slowly due to arthritis , Masipa was been the still , small center of the trial , calmly taking notes or watching unruffled , chin resting on her folded hands , as lawyers preened , witnesses stammered and the defendant wept . INTERACTIVE : Explore each side 's case Ground-breaking career Masipa was a historic figure in South Africa even before the world 's most famous disabled athlete landed in her courtroom on a murder charge . She was the second black woman to become a judge in the country , turning to the law after a career as a social worker and a crime reporter for the Sowetan newspaper . Mannie Witz , one of South Africa 's top defense lawyers , spent a year as her tutor when she was studying to become a lawyer . He remembers his surprise when he first met her in 1991 . "  She was older than me , " he said of his student . "  A black woman , she had a son , a husband . At a much later stage in life she decided to become an advocate , " as South Africans call some types of lawyers . She was a star student , Witz said . "  She really applied herself . She passed with flying colors , " he said . A former colleague from her newspaper journalism days has an explanation . "  We were doing things and Matilda was not there , " said Nomavenda Mathiane , using the name by which Masipa was known in those days . "  After work Matilda would go to the library and study . " Masipa saw a future which her colleagues could not imagine when black South Africans were resisting apartheid , her old friend said . "  If you look at where she came from and where she ended up -- she knew one day we would be there and  asked herself  ` Will I be ready when we get there ? ' " It 's hard for outsiders to see the magnitude of the symbolism of Masipa presiding over this trial , Mathiane said . "  This is a woman from the dusty streets of the township . Today she is trying a white boy in my lifetime ... I never thought that would happen . " Through a court clerk , Masipa declined to answer questions for this article , refusing even to provide basic biographical details . A law journal announcement from March 1999 saying that she had become a judge said she practiced law from 1991 to 1998 before her appointment to the bench . It listed her hobbies as dancing , gardening and yoga , and the rehabilitation of offenders as one of her legal interests . Not swayed by emotions or hype Speaking before the verdict was announced , Witz said he was confident that Masipa would come to the right decision in the Pistorius case . "  There is a lot of emotional stuff " surrounding the case , he pointed out , but predicted Masipa would rule based on the facts and the law . "  She 's not the kind of person that will be swayed by emotions , " he said , calling her "  diligent " and "  capable -- more than capable . " In fact , Witz argued , despite all the publicity surrounding the defendant , the actual facts of the Pistorius case are "  not difficult . " Masipa 's law clerk Suzette Naude , speaking before the verdict was announced , said the judge had made a conscious decision not to be swayed by the hype around the case and its star defendant . "  She told me from the beginning , ` We will treat this case as a normal case , as all other cases . ' She 's not showing much emotion about the case . And she 's not telling me how she 's feeling , she 's very private about it , " Naude said . But the largely impassive woman on the bench showed a different face behind the scenes , her clerk said . "  She 's a different person in court than in the office . She 's very relaxed and friendly , " Naude said . "  She 's a wonderful judge to work for . I 've been working with her since January and she 's just always smiling . Almost like working for an angel . " Concern for Pistorius Masipa was assisted during the trial by two experts called assessors . Both of them , Themba Mazibuko and Jannette Henzen-DuToit , are advocates . They helped the judge decide on questions of fact , but only she could rule only on matters of law . South Africa does not have jury trials . She has stayed in her post past the normal retirement age of 65 , Witz said -- she will be 67 in October . But she was not chosen specially for the Pistorius case -- she simply happened to be assigned to it , he said . Lawyers like arguing before her , Witz said . "  She has a good reputation . She 's polite . She treats you with courtesy , " he said . She went out of her way to show concern for Pistorius , particularly early in the trial when he wept , wailed and was violently sick in court , and again during his seven days on the witness stand . She stopped proceedings on occasion to give him time to compose himself , arguing that it would not be fair to have a defendant who could not represent himself adequately .  It could in fact be grounds for appeal if he is convicted . But she came down hard on any distractions or interruptions in court , making one of the young defense lawyers stand and apologize when his phone went off in court , warning journalists against some uses of Twitter -- thought it was not clear she was very familiar with social media -- and firmly reprimanding a lawyer who appeared to be enjoying his cross-examination too much . "  This is not entertainment , " she rebuked prosecutor Gerrie Nel . But she also seemed to have flirted gently with Nel on occasion , such as when he stumbled trying to get his tongue around some technical language . He stammered , saying it was difficult to pronounce the phrase with her looking at him . "  I wo n't look at you , " she said with a twinkle in her eye and a gentle smile . Pistorius trial : Your questions answered Follow CNN 's live blog for the verdict CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Nicola Goulding and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Thokozile Masipa was the second black woman to become a South African judge She came to law after careers as a journalist and social worker Her former tutor says she passed with "  flying colors " and lawyers respect her She 's shown concern for Pistorius as he wept and vomited in court
London , England  CNN  -- They do n't call it being "  sent to Siberia " for nothing . We learned this on the first day of our trip to Novokuznetsk , in the western part of this 5.1 million square-mile region of Russia , while filming a documentary about how and why the youth of this economically depressed city were in the death grip of a heroin epidemic . It 's a story squarely at odds with the rebranding of Russian youth as prosperous super humans living in a world of money , success and freedom . In reality , Russia now consumes 21 percent of the world 's heroin . And with a southern border more than 4,000 miles long , an area greater than the distance from New York to London , it 's little wonder that Moscow 's attempts at interdiction have largely failed . A sense of Soviet-era poverty pervades in Novokuznetsk : the moldering grey housing blocks , the wake-up call of barking wild dogs , the 6 a.m. hotel breakfasts of Spam and hard-fried eggs speckled with dill . But we were n't here for fun . No one has much fun here . Before we set off on our trip , we heard whispers of a new drug called krokodil -- a synthetic opiate made by mixing petrol , codeine pills , and eye drops -- that earned its reptilian nickname by turning users ' skin scaly , eating them from the inside , and rotting the brain and limbs , before precipitating a painful death . When researching the krokodil story , we heard grim tales of zombified addicts building DIY coffins to bury their friends , disfigured and brain-damaged ex-users , and religious cults disguised as rehab clinics . During a weeklong trip to Novokuznetsk , we found all of this -- and more .	Russian city of Novokuznetsk in ` death grip ' of drug epidemic Drug called ` krokodil ' gaining popularity ; has devastating effects on users VICE goes to Novokuznetsk to see firsthand those addicted
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- An affidavit of probable cause in Florida 's case against George Zimmerman for the shooting death of an unarmed 17-year-old says that the neighborhood watch volunteer "  profiled " the victim , Trayvon Martin , and disregarded a police dispatcher 's request that he await the arrival of police . The affidavit , which was drawn up Wednesday but not made public until Thursday , was prepared by investigators for the state attorney , who charged Zimmerman with second-degree murder Wednesday . Public documents in the Trayvon Martin shooting Zimmerman 's relatives say that he did not profile Martin and that he shot him in self-defense . They say Zimmerman killed Martin after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk . One of the responding officers reported seeing a wound on the back of Zimmerman 's head , and surveillance video appeared to show an injury . The affidavit offers little new about what happened on the night of February 26 , when Martin was returning to the Sanford house where he was staying after having walked to a nearby convenience store , but it may offer some insight into how the special prosecutor views the case . "  Martin then walked back to and entered the gated community and was on his way back to the townhouse where he was living when he was profiled by George Zimmerman , " the affidavit says . "  Martin was unarmed and was not committing a crime . " It says that Zimmerman , who lived in the same community , was in his vehicle when he saw Martin "  and assumed Martin was a criminal . Zimmerman felt Martin did not belong in the gated community and called the police . Zimmerman spoke to the dispatcher and asked for an officer to respond because Zimmerman perceived that Martin was acting suspicious . The police dispatcher informed Zimmerman that an officer was on the way and to wait for the officer . "  During the recorded call Zimmerman made reference to people he felt had committed and gotten away with break-ins in his neighborhood . Later while talking about Martin , Zimmerman stated ` these a ** holes , they always get away , " and also said ` these f ****** punks . ' " As the incident was unfolding , Martin was on the phone with a friend , the affidavit says . "  The witness advised that Martin was scared because he was being followed through the complex by an unknown male and did n't know why . Martin attempted to run home but was followed by Zimmerman who did n't want the person he falsely assumed was going to commit a crime to get away before the police arrived . Zimmerman got out of his vehicle and followed Martin . When the police dispatcher realized Zimmerman was pursuing Martin , he instructed Zimmerman not to do that and that the responding officer would meet him . Zimmerman disregarded the police dispatcher and continued to follow Martin who was trying to return to his home . "  Zimmerman confronted Martin and a struggle ensued . Witnesses heard people arguing and what sounded like a struggle . " Calls to 911 captured a voice crying for help ; that voice belonged to Martin , according to his mother ; the neighborhood watch volunteer 's relatives have said the voice was Zimmerman 's . "  Zimmerman shot Martin in the chest . When police arrived Zimmerman admitted shooting Martin . Officers recovered a gun from a holster inside Zimmerman 's waistband . A fired casing that was recovered at the scene was determined to have been fired from the firearm . " The affidavit says that an autopsy determined that Martin died of the gunshot wound . Asked Thursday why his client had followed Martin , Zimmerman 's lawyer Mark O'Mara told CNN sister network HLN , "  I know so little about the evidence . " O'Mara , who began representing Zimmerman on Wednesday , said they had not yet discussed the facts of the case . Immediately after the shooting , Sanford police questioned Zimmerman and released him without charges . They said then that there were no grounds to disprove his account that he 'd acted to protect himself . The affidavit was released the same day that Zimmerman made his first court appearance Thursday , wearing gray jail coveralls and saying little as his arraignment was set for May 29 . Seminole County Judge Mark Herr , who spoke via a closed-circuit television connection during the four-minute hearing , said all matters including bond and further motions in the case will be handled by Circuit Court Judge Jessica Recksiedler . O'Mara did not ask that Zimmerman be released on bond , although he had said earlier that he wanted his client released as soon as possible . He added , however , that Zimmerman 's safety could be jeopardized if he were released . "  I think nobody would deny the fact if George Zimmerman is walking down the street today , he would be at risk , " he said . Zimmerman , 28 , was in hiding until he turned himself in Wednesday after authorities said he would be charged in the case . Blog : Updates on charges and arrest as they unfolded The case has triggered a nationwide debate about race in America and about Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows the use of deadly force in response to a reasonable threat of death or serious injury . O'Mara said Zimmerman , who will plead not guilty , is worried about getting a fair trial in Sanford -- where thousands had decried the police department 's handling of the February 26 shooting . But O'Mara said he does not share those concerns . "  Florida has a very good process in place to make sure we get a fair and impartial jury , " he told CNN . "  I trust that the system , the judge , the prosecutor and I will be able to , should the need arise , to get ourselves a fair and impartial jury to hear the case . It may not be in Seminole County . " Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , released a statement on Thursday seeking to clarify what she had said earlier on NBC 's "  Today . " Earlier , Fulton had told NBC , "  I believe it was an accident . I believe that it just got out of control , and he could n't turn the clock back . " In her subsequent statement , she said her comment had been "  mischaracterized . " "  When I referenced the word ` accident ' today with regard to Trayvon 's death , in no way did I mean the shooting was an accident . "  We believe that George Zimmerman stalked my son and murdered him in cold blood , " Fulton said . "  The ` accident ' I was referring to was the fact that George Zimmerman and my son ever crossed paths . It was an accidental encounter . If George Zimmerman had n't gotten out of his vehicle , this entire incident would have been avoided . "  My son was profiled , followed and murdered by George Zimmerman , and there was nothing accidental about that , " she said . Asked about Fulton 's comments , O'Mara said , "  obviously , it was a horrible intersection of two young men 's lives , and it ended in tragedy . " Share your views of the Trayvon Martin story Zimmerman was charged 46 days after the shooting and after calls for "  Justice for Trayvon " had grown more forceful , with Martin 's supporters taking to the Internet and to streets in cities across the nation . Prosecutor Angela Corey said she will ensure that the judge or jury deciding the case will get only "  the relevant , admissible evidence on which they can then base their decisions . " "  Let me emphasize that we do not prosecute by pressure or petition , " said Corey , who has a reputation for taking on tough , controversial cases in the three counties that make up the 4th Judicial Circuit . Trayvon Martin prosecutor lives up to ` tough on crime ' mantra A second-degree murder charge carries a maximum sentence of life in prison . Natalie Jackson , an attorney for Martin 's family , praised the prosecutor 's decision . "  It 's actually a very brave charge of Angela Corey and really shows that she conducted an independent , impartial and fair investigation in this case , " the attorney said Thursday . "  She could have easily charged this as a manslaughter to try to appease everyone . She did n't . " Jurors will have several options under Florida law , including considering aggravating factors such as Martin 's status as a child , Jackson said . Read charges against Zimmerman  PDF O'Mara told reporters Thursday he has taken no fees from his client . "  He does n't have any money , " he said , adding the state may help defray the costs . Asked why he took the case , O'Mara told CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 , "  That 's what I do . " O'Mara said Thursday he had spoken with his client by telephone several times Wednesday and met with him for about an hour Wednesday night . Read affidavit of probable cause  PDF "  He is stressed , " O'Mara said of his client . "  I 'm just hoping that his mental health stays well and we can move forward with getting the case figured out . " O'Mara asked that there be no rush to judgment . "  Nobody , after all , wanted Trayvon Martin to be pre-judged as he was walking down that street , " he said . "  I ask you not to pre-judge George Zimmerman , and please do not pre-judge the criminal justice system . It 's going to work . We just need to let it work . " O'Mara told CNN on Thursday he expects it will be at least six months , and possibly a year , before the trial . Gov. Rick Scott , who appointed the special prosecutor on the case , issued a statement Wednesday calling on Florida 's residents to "  allow our justice system to reach an appropriate conclusion in this case . " What happens next Meanwhile , Attorney General Eric Holder pledged Wednesday that the Justice Department , which launched a concurrent investigation three weeks ago , will "  conduct a thorough and independent review of the evidence . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Ashley Hayes , Martin Savidge and Vivian Kuo , and InSession 's Beth Karas , Jessica Thill and Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	Affidavit says Zimmerman disregarded dispatcher 's request Zimmerman 's relatives say he killed Martin in self-defense "  Martin was unarmed and was not committing a crime , " affidavit says
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- Ghana 's Supreme Court Thursday declared President John Dramani Mahama "  validly elected " as the court dismissed all claims of voter fraud , mismanagement and irregularities in the West African nation 's December 2012 presidential election . After the election , Ghana 's Independent Electoral Commission declared Mahama the winner with 50.7 % of the vote , narrowly avoiding a runoff with his main challenger , Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo . But challenges followed , with allegations of widespread mismanagement and voting irregularities at more than 10,000 polling stations . Akufo-Addo and two other officials of his New Patriotic Party sued and the case went to the Supreme Court . Mahama , from the ruling National Democratic Congress party , was sworn in as president , and Thursday 's court ruling means he will retain the office . The Supreme Court dismissed all six claims alleging fraud and irregularities , with judges ruling unanimously against claims that certification forms had duplicate serial numbers , that votes from phony polling places were counted , and that there was duplication of polling station codes , meaning that votes from a particular voting station might have been counted twice or more . Akufo-Addo made a statement after the ruling was announced , saying he will not seek a court review of the decision , congratulating President Mahama and calling on Ghanaians to work out their "  differences , ease tensions between us and come together and build our country . " The famously easy-going people of Ghana had been on edge awaiting Thursday 's decision by the court . Nine Supreme Court justices spent 48 days hearing the case , which had riveted the nation . The proceedings were broadcast live on Ghanian television and radio , the first time the court has allowed such broadcasts . They have been immensely popular . Ghana is one of Africa 's fastest-growing economies . It is the world 's second-largest cocoa producer , after Ivory Coast , and the continent 's second biggest gold miner , after South Africa , according to the United Nations . But critics say that despite the rich resources that bring billions of dollars annually , the wealth is not trickling down to the rural poor who live on the land where the gold is mined . In March 1957 , Ghana became the first sub-Saharan European colony to declare independence from a colonial ruler , in its case , Britain . It endured four military coups in the first 14 years , after one of which , three former presidents were executed . Then , in the election of 2000 , it had its first peaceful transfer of power between civilian presidents . The incumbent won a second term in 2004 , but term limits prohibited him from seeking a third term in 2008 . In that election , John Atta Mills of the National Democratic Congress narrowly defeated Akufo-Addo . But Mills died in office last year , elevating his vice president , Mahama to the presidency . Last December , Mahama ran for a full term against Akufo-Addo , setting off the Supreme Court battle .	John Dramani Mahama was sworn in as president of Ghana after December elections His challenger , Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo , was among those alleging voter fraud The Supreme Court dismisses all claims of fraud and irregularities Challenger Akufo-Addo calls on Ghanaians to "  come together and build our country "
CNN  -- Legendary Austrian skier Hermann Maier has ended his illustrious career at the age of 36 despite having recovered from knee surgery . Hermann Maier is known for his spectacular all-action style -- and crashes -- on the piste . The two-time Olympic champion , winner of three world titles and four World Cup overall crowns , has fought back to full fitness after his operation at the end of March , but decided he was ready to bow out after a 13-season career . "  I have decided that I will draw a line and end my career as a ski racer as of today , " Maier told reporters in Vienna on Tuesday . "  My big goal was to get back in shape physically , and I have achieved exactly that . "  With regard to my future life , my health was paramount for me and that 's why I 'm calling it quits now . " Maier , who won gold in the super-G and giant slalom events at the 1998 Nagano Olympics , is known for his spectacular crashes on the piste -- and he overcame a near-fatal motorcycle accident in August 2001 which ruled him out of skiing for a year . He bounced back to win a World Cup event two weeks after his return in January 2003 , and the next year reclaimed his super-G and overall World Cup titles . Nicknamed "  The Herminator " for his physical , all-action style , Maier is the second-most successful male skier after Sweden 's Ingemar Stenmark with 54 World Cup race victories to his name . He won two world titles in super-G and downhill at Vail , Colorado in 1999 , and claimed gold in the giant slalom in Bormio , Italy in 2005 .	Legendary Austrian skier Hermann Maier ends his illustrious career at age of 36 Two-time Olympic champion has recently recovered from knee surgery in March He says he wanted to quit while still in good physical condition Maier is second-most successful male skier ever with 54 World Cup race wins
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Learjet departing Chicago 's Midway airport last month came within about two plane-lengths of striking a taxiing Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 that had been cleared to cross the same runway , according to a preliminary report by the National Transportation Safety Board . The airborne Learjet passed 62 feet above -- and within 287 feet laterally -- of the Southwest passenger plane , according to the NTSB , which is investigating the incident . According to the NTSB , the co-pilot of the taxiing Southwest jet saw the Learjet and shouted "  Stop " to the plane 's captain , who brought the plane to a halt near the edge of the runway . Air traffic control audio tapes , released by LiveATC.net , a website for aviation enthusiasts , captured conversations between the Southwest crew and controllers in the minutes immediately afterward . "  OK ... You just cleared us onto a runway  where  there was a plane taking off , " one of the pilots said to controllers . "  What technology clears us on the runway when a plane was taking off ? " a pilot added , sounding exasperated . The Southwest crew then radioed another controller . "  We had to hit our brakes and the thing went right over our head , " the crew said . According to the NTSB 's preliminary report , the incident occurred about 9 a.m. CT on December 1 , when a Learjet 45 was instructed to line up and wait on runway 31 right . Southwest Flight 844 had landed on a parallel runway -- 31 center . As the Southwest plane was decelerating on the center runway , the Learjet was cleared for takeoff on the right . When an air traffic controller gave the Southwest plane clearance to turn right on a taxiway that crossed the right runway , the two planes came into potential conflict . Kevin Hiatt , a former 737 pilot now with the non-profit Flight Safety Foundation , said it is still unclear what caused the mishap , but credited the Southwest co-pilot for averting potential disaster . "  Fortunately , the first officer was ` heads up ' in that cockpit and basically saw the Learjet coming , and told the captain to stop , which he did just prior to entering into the active runway , " Hiatt said . "  If that Learjet had had any kind of a problem and not lifted off when it did -- they prevented a very serious accident , " Hiatt said . Hiatt said Midway airport is one of 35 airports equipped with an surface movement detection system known as ASDE-X to detect potential runway conflicts . "  The investigation will probably look into whether ASDE-X was in operation at the time or  whether  the controllers using it or not using it , " he said . The NTSB said the report is preliminary , and no blame has been assigned in the matter . No one was injured in the event . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	The Southwest crew tells the tower , "  The thing went right over our head " The incident happened on December 1 A preliminary NTSB report does not assign blame
CNN  -- The mascot for the 2012 European soccer championship co-hosted by Poland and Ukraine has been officially unveiled : a pair of footballing brothers wearing the jerseys of each nation . Critics might say that UEFA and its design company Warner Bros. have hardly displayed originality , because the mascot for Euro 2008 , co-hosted by Austria and Switzerland , was twin brothers "  Trix and Flix . " But love them or hate them , the spiky-haired pair will doubtless make a small fortune in memorabilia and associated sales for the 2012 organizers and Europe 's ruling body . The use and marketing of commercially-designed mascots at major football competitions began in 1966 for the World Cup held in England , who beat West Germany 4-2 in the final . Flushed by that success , the "  World Cup Willie " mascot proved an immediate hit and helped swell the coffers of the English Football Association , so it was inevitable that the innovation was here to stay . But while Willie is acknowledged to be a creative masterpiece , particularly for its time , others have been panned by the critics . CNN has compiled a football team 's line-up of them to compare the best and the worst in our photo gallery . Feel free to add your own contributions in the comment box below . 1 . World Cup Willie  1966 World Cup , England The first , and some people say , best of all football mascots , although the choice of United Kingdom red , white and blue for the lion 's outfit , when the tournament was hosted by England alone , was in retrospect a strange decision . 2 . Tip and Tap  1974 World Cup , Germany The 1974 hosts kitted out two boys in the white shirts of the national team , emblazoned with the initials WM  Weltermeisterschaft  -- which is German for World Cup . Although it has the look of a hastily-drawn cartoon , it brought good luck to the hosts who beat the Netherlands 2-1 in the final . 3 . Jerboas  2011 Asian Cup , Qatar Next year 's Asian Cup of Nations in Doha has a whole family of mascots . Jerboas are a rodent found in the desert in that area , which does not inspire confidence in the overall concept . 4 . Footix  1998 World Cup , France The cockerel , a national symbol of France , was a natural choice for a mascot -- and by the end of the competition it was crowing very loudly as the hosts upset Brazil 3-0 in the final . 5 . Zakumi  2010 World Cup , South Africa "  Zakumi is a jolly , self-confident , adventurous , spontaneous , and actually quite shrewd little fellow . He loves to perform and always follows his instinct and intuition , yet sometimes has the tendency to exaggerate a bit , " said the blurb on FIFA 's official website . Love him or hate him , he made a lot of money for football 's world governing body , whose revenues now top $ 1 billion per year . 6 . The Spheriks  2002 World Cup , Japan and South Korea Apparently the first computer-generated mascots , the Spheriks were an acquired taste and appeared to be based on Pokemon figures which were popular at the time . 7 . Striker  1994 World Cup , United States The American public , who clearly adore dogs , voted for the loveable animal which , like World Cup Willie , wore the red , white and blue of the hosts . Some might say it proved a pup . 8 . Benelucky  Euro 2000 , Belgium and Netherlands It 's always a problem for co-hosts of tournaments to design mascots or logos which can fit both national identities . The clue to this mascot is in the name . Benelux countries Belgium and the Netherlands put on the 2000 European Championship . An odd mix of a lion with a devil 's horn and tail . 9 . Pique 1986  1996 World Cup , Mexico The Mexicans were awarded the competition -- only 16 years after their 1970 staging -- when Colombia pulled out . The mascot has a last-minute look to it and , designed in the shape of a jalapeno pepper with a mustache and sombrero , reinforced a national stereotype . 10 . Trix and Flix  Euro 2008 , Austria and Switzerland The androgynous twin brothers did not confine themselves to on-field activities . They also appeared in an animated music video by Shaggy , who penned the official song of Euro 2008 "  Like a Superstar . " Neither the mascots nor the video lived up to the name . 11 . Yet to be named  Euro 2012 , Ukraine and Poland The public can vote for the names of another set of mascot brothers on UEFA 's official website . The result will be announced on 2004 .	The 1966 World Cup saw the first competition mascot named "  World Cup Willie " Willie , a lion dressed in a union jack outfit , proved a commercial success The Euro 2012 mascot for the competition in Ukraine and Poland has just been unveiled CNN takes a look at the best and worst mascots from major football tournaments
CNN  A salary dispute between North and South Korea has sent jitters through factory owners operating at an industrial complex that is supposed to be a symbol of cooperation for the divided Korean peninsula . The disagreement started in late February , when the North Korean government demanded an increase of around $ 8.60 a month for North Korean employees working in the Kaesong Industrial Complex . South Korea is working on a response to the demands , leaving factory owners worried about the threat of a factory shutdown . "  I 'm already nervous about the situation because of the traumatic experience in 2013 when the North closed down the complex , " said Yoo Chang-geun , the South Korean head of an automobile parts manufacturer that employs 400 North Koreans in Kaesong . Yoo 's company , SJ Tech , operates out of Kaesong , which is just north of the Demilitarized Zone in North Korean territory . He was referring to North Korea 's monthslong closure of Kaesong in 2013 , during a period of heightened tension on the peninsula . About 125 South Korean companies operate out of Kaesong , employing more than 50,000 North Korean workers . An official from the South Korean government 's Unification Ministry , who according to policy spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity , says companies at Kaesong pay their North Korean workers an average of $ 155.50 a month . North Korea is demanding an increase of roughly 5.5 % , to an equivalent $ 164.10 a month . The South Korean government argues that the salary hike is a breach of an existing agreement for the industrial park , which first opened in 2004 . The official called the North 's request a "  one-sided demand . " The official did not rule out the possibility that penalties could be imposed on South Korean companies if they individually agree to raise employee salaries . Manufacturers in Kaesong rely on the government in Seoul to represent them in negotiations with Pyongyang . "  It feels like we 're entering a very difficult phase where innocent corporations are being beaten up by political fights between the North and South , " Kim Seo-Jin , the director of Corporate Association of the Kaesong Industrial Complex , said Wednesday . Experts say this is n't the first time the North and South have butted heads over employee salaries in Kaesong . The industrial park was established as a symbol of cooperation at a time when a previous government in South Korea was pursuing a "  Sunshine Policy " of friendship with its northern rival . South Korean companies benefited from the extremely low cost of North Korean labor . Meanwhile , North Korea gained a valuable stream of hard currency revenue by appropriating an undisclosed amount of salary from its citizens working in Kaesong . South Korean employers also made a practice of giving small food bonuses to some hungry employees . For a time , this came in the form of "  Choco Pies , " a packaged South Korean dessert . The snacks reportedly became highly-prized items on the black market in the communist North 's rigidly controlled economy . Eventually , employers transitioned to giving workers instant noodles , as one former Kaesong factory owner told CNN in 2014 , "  in order to provide a more substantial snack . " "  The whole project is built with an understanding that North Korean wages should and will continue to rise , " says John Delury , associate professor at Yonsei University 's graduate school of international studies in Seoul . But one factory owner said the communist regime 's most recent approach to the salaries is problematic . "  The amount of the pay raise demanded this time is small , " said SJ Tech 's Yoo Chang-geun . "  But having this kind of precedent may lead to losing control of the operation in the complex . " Experts say Seoul and Pyongyang 's approach to the Kaesong salary dispute will serve as an important barometer for the direction of future relations between the rival governments . "  Kaesong is the last living legacy of the Sunshine Policy , " says professor Delury of Yeonsei University . "  If something like wage disputes lead to the shutdown or freezing of Kaesong , that would be a major blow . "	The disagreement started in late February North Korea demanded a pay increase ; South Korea 's working on a response
CNN  -- On World Mental Health Day , around the globe many of us , perhaps hundreds of thousands or even millions , will be raising awareness of mental health issues to challenge outdated views , and to put an end to life-limiting , and sometimes life-threatening , stigma and discrimination that 's still attached to having a mental health problem in so many countries and communities . As mental health is a global issue so , sadly , is mental health stigma , shame and discrimination . According to the World Health Organization , approximately 450 million people worldwide have a mental illness . In Britain , the figures show that one in four of us will be affected by mental health problems , yet despite touching the lives of so many , people still come up against negative reactions when they disclose their illness , which makes speaking out and seeking the support they need much harder than it needs to be . In reality , nine in 10 people tell us at Time to Change that they face stigma and discrimination because of their mental health problem . What 's more , over half  58 %  say that stigma and discrimination is as bad as or worse than the illness itself . Managing a mental health problem can be difficult enough , just like managing a long-term physical health problem can , but imagine not feeling able to tell anyone that you 've got diabetes or asthma . It 's inconceivable . Talking about mental health can make a big difference and social contact -- which is where people with and without mental health problems come together to have a conversation -- is an extremely powerful approach in breaking down the taboo around the issue . At Time to Change this is at the core of our ethos and we have followed the lead of other anti-stigma programs across the world , particularly the "  Like Minds , Like Mine " program that has been running for 17 years in New Zealand . To ensure that best practice is shared globally we are part of an International Anti-Stigma Alliance along with other anti-stigma campaigns from the United States , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Denmark , Scotland , Sweden and Spain . Our latest campaign coincides with World Mental Health Day and aims to reach as many people as possible to transform their attitudes and behavior around mental health . It encourages people to have a conversation and promotes the little things that they can do to make a difference to someone going through a difficult time . As part of the campaign we are also delivering targeted work to reach people from African and Caribbean communities , and young people . We 're seeing a powerful social movement for change with thousands of people taking the lead within their own communities and taking action  online and in person  to tackle stigma . There are also hundreds of employers , schools , service providers and media organizations delivering stigma-busting work . In England , a national survey showed that public attitudes towards mental illness improved significantly last year with the biggest annual improvement in the last decade and probably since records began 20 years ago . There has also been a marked improvement in intended behavior with people more willing to work with , live with , and continue a relationship with someone with a mental health problem . Change has finally arrived here in England , but we know that far more work is needed to end life-limiting stigma and discrimination ; this is the work of a generation . Wherever you are on your journey to ending stigma , we hope World Mental Health Day allows you to make more progress towards this vital life-changing goal . The opinions expressed in this report are solely those of Sue Baker .	Mental health continues to carry a stigma says Sue Baker Discrimination can be worse than the illness itself , she says Talking about mental health can make a big difference
CNN  -- Immediately after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist acts , Sikhs came under attack . Mistaken for Muslims because of their beards and turbans , they became ripe targets for zealots seeking revenge . The first person murdered in retaliation for the 9/11 attacks was a Sikh -- a gas station owner in Mesa , Arizona , named Balbir Singh Sodhi who was shot five times by aircraft mechanic Frank Roque . In the intervening years , the Sikh Coalition , a New York-based advocacy group , reported more than 700 attacks or bias-related incidents . Belief Blog : Who are Sikhs ? Some Sikhs had their houses vandalized ; others were spat upon . In some extreme cases , Sikhs were set upon by groups of people and beaten . As the incidents waned , the community had hoped the worst was behind them -- until Sunday , when a man shot and killed at least six people at a Sikh temple outside Milwaukee , wounded a police officer and was himself killed by another officer 's bullets . Wade Michael Page , 40 , an Army veteran , was the gunman and was killed by an officer at the scene , police said Monday . Witnesses said the gunman had a 9/11 tattoo on one arm . Police have received information that the suspect "  may have been involved in " the white supremacist movement , but that has not been confirmed , Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards said . While the shooter 's motives are not yet known , what is clear is that the incident has dredged up the sense of shock and sadness Sikhs felt 11 years ago . Rajwant Singh , from the Maryland-Sikh Council on Religion and Education , said Sikhs growing up in the United States should not feel as though they do n't belong . "  Everybody should feel at home , " he said Sunday . "  This nation belongs to everyone . " But little seems to have changed . The United States is home to about 700,000 Sikhs , nearly all of Indian origin . The men are easily identifiable by their beards and turbans , a tradition that 's lasted for 500 years . Today , we are all American Sikhs But the attire and appearance have also meant that they are often mistaken for Muslims , and are targets of anti-Islam attacks . "  Our appearance looks like Osama bin Laden and those of Afghanistan , " Suminder Sodhi , a friend of the Arizona victim , said at the time of the first attack . "  But we are different people from Muslim people . We have different beliefs , a different religion . " Because many of the incidents go unreported and because the FBI does n't specifically list them -- instead lumping them as "  anti-Islamic " crimes -- exact numbers are hard to come by . Earlier this year , New York Rep. Joe Crowley sent a letter to the Justice Department to begin tracking crimes against Sikhs . He asked that the FBI update its Hate Crime Incident Report Form  1-699  , which does not have a designation for crimes against Sikhs as it does for some other groups . "  The more information our law enforcement agencies have on violence against Sikh-Americans , the more they can do to help prevent these crimes and bring those who commit them to justice , " Crowley said . Here are some instances from the long list of attacks that Sikhs have faced since 9/11 : -- September 15 , 2001 : Roque guns down Sodhi outside a Mesa gas station . Roque drives up to the station , fires five times and flees . He goes on to shoot at a Lebanese-American gas station clerk and fire into the home of an Afghan-American family later the same day . He is serving a life sentence . -- December 2001 : Two men beat store owner Surinder Singh 20 times with metal poles in Los Angeles while they utter , "  We 'll kill bin Laden today . " -- March 2004 : Vandals scrawl the words , "  It 's not your country " in blue spray paint on the wall of the Gurdwara Sahib temple in Fresno , California . The temple was also vandalized a year earlier . -- July 2004 : Rajinder Singh Khalsa is beaten unconscious by six men in New York City , after they taunt him and his friend about their turban . The beating leaves Khalsa with multiple fractures . -- August 2006 : Iqbal Singh is stabbed in the neck with a steak knife in San Jose , California , while he is standing in the carport of his house . The attacker later tells police he wanted to "  kill a Taliban . " -- October 2008 : Ajit Singh Chima is punched and kicked in the head while out on his daily walk in Carteret , New Jersey . The attacker does not take anything from Chima . -- January 2009 : Jasmir Singh is attacked outside a New York grocery store , with men shouting racial slurs . Two years later , his father is attacked . -- November 2010 : Two passengers beat Harbhajan Singh , a Sikh cabdriver , in Sacramento , California , with one of them calling him "  Osama bin Laden . " -- March 2011 : Gurmej Singh Atwal and Surinder Singh are gunned down in Elk Grove , California , while out on their afternoon walk . They are not robbed and had no enemies , family members say . -- February 2012 : A Sikh temple under construction in Sterling Heights , Michigan , is defaced , with graffiti on the wall depicting a gun and a Christian cross . Someone also scrawls "  Mohmed , " perhaps in reference to the Muslim prophet Mohammed . Sikhs react to the Wisconsin temple shooting Sikhism , the world 's fifth most popular religion , is a monotheistic faith that believes in equality and service to others , Sikh officials say . CNN 's Julie In contributed to this report .	Mistaken for Muslims because of their beards and turbans , Sikhs have become targets The first person murdered in retaliation for 9/11 was a Sikh The United States is home to about 700,000 Sikhs FBI does n't specifically track bias crimes against the group
CNN  -- Just 20 years ago , when the world was entering a new era of high technology and test-driving the information super highway that is now the World Wide Web , South Africans still battled the racist apartheid of the National Party and suffered in the poverty of an almost bankrupt state . Today , almost 20 years since Nelson Mandela established the country as a democracy , South Africa is the economic powerhouse of sub-Saharan Africa and the largest economy in the second largest continent in the world . "  I almost joke and say we directly moved from drums to cell phones , without the entire generation of landline technology , " said Ebrahim Rasool , South African Ambassador to the United States . As the country launched a satellite last week , Rasool suggests the next generation is already being developed and technology is one of the brightest areas for future economic growth . According to a recent report released by investment banking giant Goldman Sachs , South Africa 's Gross Domestic Product has since almost tripled to $ 400 billion ; foreign exchange reserves have increased from $ 3 billion to nearly $ 50 billion ; and a growing and sizable African middle class was created , within two decades of freedom . "  Perhaps the most striking successes since 1994 are the creation of a growing and sizable African middle class , increased real wages for the employed , and the extension of social welfare and services to underprivileged communities , " said Colin Coleman , managing director at Goldman Sachs International . Coleman , who 's the head of investment banking for sub-Saharan Africa , says in the first 14 years of democracy the country 's ethnically African middle class more than doubled in size and in the past two decades real GDP per capita increased by 40 % , while 10 million South Africans , one out of five , graduated from the lower to the middle and higher income bands . However , many , including Coleman himself , realize how poverty , inequality , and unemployment continue to haunt this nation of 52 million . "  Structural unemployment and racial economic inequality continues to plague South Africa . Five million jobs have been added in the past 20 years , but insufficient to lower the overall rate of unemployment . Now 14 million people are working and 7 million are not , " said Coleman , who adds that unlocking job opportunities for more South Africans would unleash tremendous growth . In loosening these restraints , Rasool says education is the most important challenge to address , where there are marked inconsistencies between the working class 's education and skills verses the growing markets and jobs . According to Rasool 40 % of South Africa 's population is under the age of 35 and that 's where , among black people , unemployment is the highest . He also says the majority of these youths who grew up under apartheid "  are not unemployed , but rather unemployable " due to illiteracy and lack of skills . Rasool argues many traditional areas of employment , such as agriculture , mining and textiles , are either mechanized or replaced by cheap labor -- suggesting that "  in order to move this generation to the next we need to find a way to put the skills and the jobs together . " This is a hurdle that Ann Bernstein , head of CDE , a South African think tank in social and economic development , traces to a lack of education -- even among the teachers who school the young generation that is getting ready to enter the workforce . According to Bernstein around 80 % of public schools are dysfunctional and the quality of schooling for the majority of poor people is abysmal . She suggests the key reform is to introduce performance management of principals and teachers . "  We can not allow a situation to continue where many teachers do not come to school on Mondays and Fridays , when they are in class they do not teach much , and where they often are unable to pass tests in the very subject they are supposed to be teaching , " said Bernstein . Reports indicate that internal corruption remains a problem in South Africa , but the government says it has been clamping down on corrupt officials , with 2,638 officials found guilty of misconduct related to corrupt activities between 1 September 2004 and 31 August 2013 . But still government management faces other challenges ; "  The government needs to be clearer on its priorities , and its approach to regulation and the role of markets , for the country to achieve a coherent approach to the most important issues of job creation , FDI and growth , " said Coleman , who believes in the need for collaboration to encourage and facilitate private companies to invest in the country . But despite the challenges the country faces , Rasool praises what South Africans have accomplished in their short experience with democracy and freedom . "  Twenty years ago , many of these people had no electricity , water and had their lands taken away from them , " said Rasool , who praises programs such as accessible healthcare , social security networks and programs that look after young children , elderly , and the disabled . According to Rasool , 20 years from now , half of South Africa 's population will be under the age of 35 ; and based on the Goldman Sachs report , in the longer term , if the country could raise economic growth from an average 3.3 % over the last 20 years to 5 % per annum over the next 20 years , it would half formal unemployment over that period . In a country where millions are still taunted by the miserable memories of apartheid , others who have no memories of the past are impatient to move forward in haste . "  The young black people with the memory of apartheid are patient because they know what they have now is infinitely better than the past ; but those with no memory from the past have aspirations beyond what 's immediately available at hand , " said Rasool . He adds that in order to create another 20 years of robust growth for South Africans the two have to meet hand in hand .	New report praises South Africa 's transformation since apartheid Huge growth in country 's GDP and in middle class But poverty , inequality , and unemployment remain a problem
Mental Floss  -- We remember Henry Ford as the automotive magnate who perfected assembly line technology , but he also dabbled in ambitious social programs , including one in which he hired ex-convicts straight out of Sing Sing to staff his factories . Henry Ford , pictured in 1942 , unsuccessfully attempted to increase the rubber supply with a plantation in Brazil . Although many of these efforts were successful , Ford 's ill-fated foray into the Brazilian jungle was a notable and fascinating exception . The plan If you 're going to make millions of cars , you 're going to need an awful lot of rubber . In 1927 , Ford came up with a novel plan : He 'd solve his rubber problem and test out his lofty theories about social planning . If everything went well , he could craft both a utopia full of healthy , productive workers and a direct pipeline of coveted rubber to Detroit . Ford approached the task with characteristic zeal . He talked the Brazilian government into granting him 10,000 square kilometers of land in the Amazon rain forest -- a plot that was nearly twice as big as the state of Delaware -- in exchange for a 9 percent cut of the plantation 's profits . In theory , this setup seemed like one of Ford 's ideas that would shake out pretty well , and in 1928 , Ford sent a barge full of supplies from Michigan down to his new plantation town , which was dubbed "  Fordlandia . " Growing rubber in the jungle Unfortunately for Ford 's stockholders , though , the captain of industry did n't always have a great eye for detail .  One famous story about Ford was that he disliked accountants so fiercely that he never had his company audited . By the end of his tenure , the Ford Motor Company allegedly had no idea exactly how much it cost to build a car . Ford did n't check to see if the plantation was suitable for growing rubber . According to Greg Grandin , author of "  Fordlandia : The Rise and Fall of Henry Ford 's Forgotten Jungle City , " Ford never consulted any sort of expert on rubber cultivation ; he just sent a bunch of supplies and managers into the jungle hoping to grow some rubber . Mental Floss : Henry Ford and others who survived bankruptcy Ford was legendarily contemptuous of experts , but he could have saved some serious dough if he 'd just hired a consultant to tell him that the plantation was n't at all suitable for growing rubber . The land was n't very fertile , but that was n't the main problem . The real difficulty was that it 's practically impossible to farm rubber in a plantation setting in the Amazon rainforest . To grow the trees on a commercial scale , you 've got to pack them in fairly close together , and at that point they become incredibly susceptible to blight and insect attacks . Fordlandia 's trees were no exception , and caterpillars and blight quickly decimated the fields . Not exactly a worker 's paradise Obviously , the rubber production part of the Fordlandia got off to a rocky start . How was the "  worker 's paradise " part of things going , though ? Even more abysmally . The American managers and their families that Ford imported from Michigan were n't accustomed to the sweltering Brazilian heat and headed back north with an alarming frequency . The heavy machinery used on the plantation left deep ruts in the soft soil , which collected stagnant water and became breeding grounds for malaria-ridden mosquitoes . Ford had attempted to design Fordlandia like any American town , complete with schools , restaurants , a golf course , and shops . The catch here , though , was that the indigenous Brazilians who farmed the rubber were n't used to living in a stylized American community . Worse still , the plantation 's workers were expected to work a strict shift from 6 a.m. to 3 p.m. , whereas normal harvesting practices in the region saw workers hit the fields before dawn , take a long break , and then head out again at twilight to save themselves the misery of working in the tropical midday heat . Food fights Ford 's influence extended all the way down to the residents ' diets , and while the indigenous workers were n't crazy about having to eat American foods , they were livid about having to eat in a cafeteria setting rather than enjoying the homestyle meals to which they were accustomed . Eventually , the workers decided they 'd had enough of the affront of cafeteria dining and rioted during a meal . Mental Floss : Three historical food fights As the American managers fled to the safety of boats , the workers destroyed their mess hall and continued to riot until Brazilian soldiers came in to suppress violence . Another sticking point for the workers was Ford 's insistence that his model community be entirely free of alcohol and tobacco . Although Prohibition was n't exactly an unqualified success at home , and although alcohol was still legal in Brazil , Ford stayed firm on his booze ban . Workers who needed a drink were forced just outside the city limits to buy a bottle of cachaca ; enterprising liquor salesman could simply paddle by on the river and unload their wares . Mental Floss : Why is the drinking age 21 ? End of the road Eventually , even though Henry Ford steadfastly insisted that the community could thrive and help introduce American-style industrialization to the rest of the world , it became abundantly clear that the noble Fordlandia experiment was a flop . After the perfection of synthetic rubber in 1945 , Ford sold the plantation at a $ 20 million loss and left Brazil . Just how much of a fiasco was the Fordlandia experiment ? Although Ford spent 17 years trying to produce rubber on the plantation , no Ford car ever rolled off the assembly line with a single bit of Fordlandia 's rubber in it . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	The auto magnate set up a plantation in the Amazon rain forest to produce rubber He did n't research the land and found out to late it was n't suitable for growing rubber Brazilian workers rioted against U.S.-style mess hall , ban on alcohol Ford ultimately sold the plantation at a $ 20 million loss
Nature 's beauty seems so much closer from the seat of a saddle . Bikes offer a more intimate connection with the people of the places you pass through . No wonder adventure motorcycling has grown massively in the last decade . The 2004 "  Long Way Round " and 2007 's "  Long Way Down " TV documentary series  both featured Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman 's round the world rides  helped spark the trend . In 2011 , the Motorcycle Industry Council reported that sales of adventure touring bikes were up 14.2 % across 12 major brands . There are hundreds of scenic roads worldwide , but the greatest rides are spiced by the thrill of twisties and smooth hardtop where motorcyclists can crank open the throttle . Here are 10 of the best rides worldwide , whether for a day out or a longer adventure . All are in places where motorcycles can be rented or where tours are organized . 1 . Ceuta to Marrakesh loop , Morocco 2,570 kilometers  1,600 miles Bikers on this route journey through an exotic realm of ancient kasbahs  citadels  , souks  bazaars  and desert cultures . After rolling off the ferry at Ceuta , riders switchback through the wild Rif Mountains to Fez , then traverse the Atlas Mountains  snow-capped in winter  to hit the Sahara at Erfoud . More on CNN : 10 thing to know before visiting Morocco Snaking west through the Todra Gorge , the route passes palm groves of Ouarzazate and the imperial city of Marrakesh . Beyond , the Tizi n'Test Pass runs down to the Atlantic coast at Agadir . It 's two days from here along blacktop to Casablanca , then the final 321 kilometers  200 miles  via Tangiers to Ceuta . Edelweiss Bike Travel , +4352645690 2 . Pyrenees Loop , France and Spain 2,410 kilometers  1,500 miles  , Bilbao to Biarritz A head turner for its sensational scenery and mind-bending hairpins , this route is a favorite among European bikers . From Bilbao you spin east on the N260  a legendary biking road worming into the Pyrenees  , hit La Seu d'Urgell , then wind north to Andorra , dropping back to Spain at Bourg-Madame for 48 kilometers  30 miles  of twisties coiling down to Ripoli . At Figueres you can stop at the Dal museum before rolling along the Mediterranean coast to France . The D117 from Perpignan threads through narrow mountain passes to Col d'Aspin , with grin-inducing bends all the way to Biarritz . Pyrenees Motorcycle Tours , +33  0  5 62 45 08 11 3 . The Great Ocean Road , Australia 290 kilometers  180 miles This one-day ride from Melbourne to Petersbrough winds through shoreline rainforest , skirts sensational surfing beaches and unfurls along the rugged Shipwreck Coast , renowned for limestone pinnacles piercing the sea like witch 's fingers . More on CNN : World 's 10 ultimate drives It 's a perfect northern winter ride . Big Boyz Toyz , +61  0  8 9244 4293 4 . California and the American West 5,630 kilometers  3,500 miles  , Los Angeles to San Francisco  the long way This undisputed champion of road trips weaves together many of the West 's iconic national parks . From Los Angeles , Route 66 traces back in time to Arizona , the Grand Canyon and mesmerizing formations of Monument Valley . More on CNN : 10 easy ways to experience Navajo Nation Heading north , the road takes in Natural Bridges National Park , then arcing west takes in Bryce and Zion national parks . You can twist the throttle across the Mojave Desert to Death Valley then skirt the snow-capped Sierra Nevada northbound to Lee Vining and Yosemite National Park -- unrivaled in grandeur . EagleRider Motorcycle Rental & Tours , +1 3105366777 5 . Cape Town Circuit , South Africa 1,690 kilometers  1,050 miles Fantastic roads , amazing scenery and excellent climate -- South Africa is perfect for a one - or two-week fly-ride vacation . From Cape Town the wild coast heads east then the road turns north over the Olifantskip Pass to Addo National Park -- a good chance to shoot big game with your camera . A throttle-open ride across the Great Karoo to Oudtshoorn heralds dizzying switchbacks -- via Route 62 -- over the Little Karoo Mountains to sample the wines around Robertson before closing your loop in Cape Town . Motorcycle Tours South Africa , +27128043805 6 . Pacific Coast Highway , California 320 kilometers  200 miles  , San Luis Obispo to San Francisco No top 10 would be complete without this stellar ride . Civilization disappears quickly as you dance a thrilling two-lane tango past seal-strewn beaches , redwood forests , plunging cliffs and the crashing surf of Big Sur . Also en route -- the fishing town of Monterey , the surfing capital of Santa Cruz , and everyone 's favorite city with a famous bridge , San Francisco . EagleRider Motorcycle Rental & Tours , +1 4156479898 7 . Dales and Moors , Yorkshire , England 440 kilometers  270 miles  from Kendal to Whitby This one-day ride across North Yorkshire offers nonstop bends , fast straights , wild scenery and gentle vales dotted with market towns . The A684 launches you over the Pennines to Hawes , gateway to the Yorkshire Dales National Park via Aysgarth to Leyburn . Turn south here to Masham for Ripon and Thirsk , then over the heather-clad moors via Pickering to drop down to the peaceful fishing village of Whitby , where you can celebrate an exhilarating ride with fresh fish 'n' chips and a pint of ale . White Rose Tours , +44 01423 770 103 8 . Fjordland , Norway 450 kilometers  280 miles  Bergen to Andalsnes The land of the Vikings is biking Nirvana . The road network takes in terrific switchbacks and awesome fjords -- some crossed by ferries . You begin in Bergen and head for Gudvangern where a ferry takes you through Naerlandsford , the world 's longest and deepest fjord . Beyond Belstrand , you 'll need to drop gears as you climb over Gaularfjell to Moskog , then Stryn and Eidsdal , where a ferry links to the Trollstigen road , zigzagging crazily to deliver you exhilarated to Andalsness . Edelweiss Bike Tours , +4352645690 9 . Istanbul to Anatolia , Turkey 2,980 kilometers  1,850 miles  Istanbul to Anatolia Istanbul provides a superb starting point for an exotic circuit , taking in Cappadocia 's troglodyte houses , ancient Roman and Byzantine ruins and the beauty of the Black Sea and Taurus Mountains . More on CNN : Best of Istanbul A ferry across the Sea of Masmara links you to Bursa , then Safranbolu , and the eerie volcanic landscapes of Cappadocia , riddled with Christian churches . A ride west via Konya to hit the Aegean coast -- taking in the Greco-Roman town of Ephesus -- closes the loop . MotoDiscovery , +018304387744 10 . Chasing Che , Cuba 2,000 kilometers  1,240 miles Chasing Che Guevara 's ghost down the highway of an enigmatic Communist island nation that resembles a Hollywood stage set is a thrill in itself . Classic American cars and creaky ox carts are companions on your clockwise loop from Havana to Baracoa , with plenty of time for salsa , cigars and rum . More on CNN : What to do in Havana For five decades forbidden fruit , Cuba recently opened to U.S. citizens on licensed group motorcycle tours offered by Texas-based MotoDiscovery . MotoDiscovery , +018304387744	Taking in France and Spain , the Pyrenees Loop is a favorite with European bikers Dales and Moors in north England offer nonstop bends , fast straights , wild scenery California 's Pacific Coast Highway takes in redwood forests , ocean cliffs
CNN  -- Indian batsman Virender Sehwag admitted he was not too disappointed after he fell seven agonising runs short of a world record third triple-century in the third Test against Sri Lanka . The 31-year-old opener had moved from his overnight score of 284 to 293 before he chipped a flighted delivery from Muttiah Muralitharan back to the bowler who claimed the catch at the second attempt . "  I am very happy I got at least 293 runs -- I am proud of what I have achieved , " Sehwag told reporters at the close of the third day 's play . "  Not many people have got two triple centuries and followed that with 293 . So there is nothing to be disappointed about . "  I tried to take my time , but maybe the ball was not there to be hit . I misjudged the length and the ball went straight into Murali 's hands . "  I always tell myself to bat the full day , and if there is a ball to be hit , just hit it . If I 'm able to bat the whole day we will be in a good position . " The innings , which lasted 254 balls and included 40 boundaries and seven sixes , was the backbone of India 's highest-ever total of 726-9 declared in reply to Sri Lanka 's 393 . India skipper Mahendra Dhoni hit an unbeaten century before he opted to declare with a lead of 333 before Sri Lanka saw off a difficult few overs in their second innings to close on 11 without loss . Elsewhere , England claimed a 2-1 series victory over South Africa in Durban after the fifth one-day international was abandoned without a ball being bowled . Andrew Strauss ' side became only the third team to beat the Proteas in a home one-day series after the umpires called the match off with the onset of another heavy downpour . Meanwhile , a century from Dwayne Bravo was the highlight of a competitive opening day of the second Test between Australia and the West Indies at the Adelaide Oval . The West Indies won the toss , elected to bat and finished the final session with momentum to be 336 for six at stumps .	Indian batsman Virender Sehwag fell seven agonising runs short of a world record third triple-century . Sehwag made 293 before he chipped the ball back to Sri Lanka spinner Muttiah Muralitharan . India closed the third day of the third Test with their highest-ever total of 726-9 declared in reply to Sri Lanka 's 393 .
CNN  -- Even as America reels from the horrific massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , the clock continues to count down toward the so-called "  fiscal cliff . " In the face of a legitimate crisis , it is harder to stomach manufactured ones . And that 's exactly what the so-called fiscal cliff is . In fact , every time I hear the term , I want to slam my head on the table . Luckily , I 'm not alone . Today , December 19 , a collection of artists are coming together to expose the "  fiscal cliff " as a "  fiscal bluff , " and remind progressives of the power of culture in helping to win the long-term war of ideas . My organization , Rebuild the Dream , is joining artist groups CultureStrike and 5D Stories on a special project : "  ARTSTRIKE : America 's Not Broke , America is Being Robbed . " On Wednesday , with the help of Rebuild the Dream 's members and partners , millions of people will see works of art that convey what is at stake in the big budget fight . Some of the artwork takes the form of arresting and powerful visuals with a fierce message . Other works explain what is happening in Washington , or graphically depict the choice our nation faces . There are songs and videos touching on issues from student debt to long-ignored poverty . Not every piece frames the debate exactly as I would , and I may not share every artist 's exact view . But that 's not the point of a project like this . I believe this project conveys a message that policymakers need to hear . And it could n't come at a more urgent moment than now , as reports indicate President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner could be nearing a deal that slashes Social Security , cuts benefits for veterans and raises taxes on the poor and middle class to pay for the Bush wars , tax cuts and bailouts . Our country is in the midst of a massive jobs crisis , the next generation is saddled in debt , the climate crisis is rapidly approaching a point of no return and now unspeakable gun violence shatters the heart of our nation . Instead of tackling these problems , some of our nation 's leaders are apparently contemplating putting Social Security , and maybe Medicare , on the chopping block in a panic move -- all to avoid an artificially contrived deadline . We can make a huge dent in the rest of the deficit just by returning to the higher taxes and lower defense spending of the Clinton boom years , asking those who do well in America to do well by America . Washington should also deal with spending by cutting wasteful subsidies to oil companies , defense contractors and agribusinesses that do little but line CEOs ' pockets with our tax dollars . The main part of the cliff that worries me is taxes going up on poor and middle-class Americans . The House of Representatives could fix that with one vote to extend the current low rates . We need to spread the word , and I am glad that artists are leading the way . Artists have been at the forefront of all great modern social movements . They inspire people to dream bigger , force us to imagine a different world and confront people with new ideas . We must embrace the power of art to better protect the American Dream for generations to come . We should never allow Washington politicians to stampede the American people into supporting cuts they otherwise would never accept . They 're bluffing -- and hoping we fold . It 's not a fiscal cliff , it 's a fiscal bluff . And as our nation struggles to deal with real emergencies , I am glad that America 's artists are calling them on it . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : After Newtown , it is hard to stomach an artificial crisis like the fiscal cliff Jones : Artists ' works expose fiscal cliff as a bluff to cut essential programs Jones : We need a return to higher taxes , lower defense spending of Clinton years Listen to artists , he says . They are in the forefront of many social movements
Editor 's Note : William Frist , the former Republican majority leader of the U.S. Senate , is a physician . He was elected to represent Tennessee in the Senate in 1994 and served two terms before deciding not to run for re-election in 2006 . Former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist says it 's good that Obama and Biden are members of the Senate . NASHVILLE , Tennessee  CNN  -- Now is the time for a new beginning . And how it is approached may well turn on the often overlooked fact that both the president-elect and the vice president-elect are products of the U. S. Senate . America shines at her best in times of challenge , and never in my adult life have we seen more challenge coming from more dimensions . I encourage Republicans to rally behind this president-elect and openly express support for the call for change throughout our legislative and executive branches . I encourage Democrats not to repeat the missteps made by Republicans by excluding thoughtful debate . And I encourage the American people to stay involved with the intensity manifested by heightened participation in the democratic process . My teaching on the Princeton campus last year revealed to me an explosion of energizing interest in "  the system " and how to make it better from within -- very different from when I was there 38 years ago and the same activism was channeled toward tearing it down . The wounds of the campaign are not as deep or angry as the media portray . For many , there is disappointment , and this must be consoled with time and discussion ; for more , there is a sense of hope and quiet optimism that fresh ideas and new faces and commitment to collaboration can , if handled with care and grace , nurture a new prosperity . Having served in the U.S. Senate , I am proud that that body , historically avoided as a source of presidential leadership , produced three of the four candidates and now the president and vice president . The Senate is a strange animal . Unlike the House , it is weighted to give the minority party exceptional power . And that 's why we have these super-majority  and , to the public , usually hard to fathom !  thresholds like cloture and the filibuster . Both of our new leaders are creatures of this body , a body that our founding fathers deliberately elevated to one of deliberation and discussion and unlimited debate and enhanced minority power . That unique Senate legislative experience of the president - and vice-president-elect -- with the understanding it brings both to lead on principle but govern with compromise and to respect uniquely the minority 's participation -- stations them ideally for a time when the American people expect their government to work together to aggressively attack the problems that face us . My former colleague John McCain returns to the Senate to participate with a style that fits the time . What made my life tough at times as leader -- his working on his own agenda , working almost obsessively across the aisle , putting principle before party and defending through passionate debate his conservative views -- is what can make him an effective force in shaping the change that these elections spoke so loudly to . And to the president-elect , what an opportunity ! Times are tough , but the people have rallied to your call . You have the followers ; you have the believers ; even your loudest critics recognize that you are endowed with leadership talents that are precious . To move the nation forward , keep listening to the American people . Be straight with them , and do n't over-promise . Fill the gaps where you lack experience with the brightest minds with the highest values . iReport.com : Share your message for Obama And finally , though this may appear a bit self-serving , the doctor in me is shouting out not to forget an issue that has been driven to the background by the credit markets , job losses and threats overseas : health care . Ever-rising health costs drive people to the ranks of uninsured . The 15 million hard-core uninsured need your immediate attention . There is nothing more intimate or more personal to any of us than the health of our loved ones . Do n't let it slip to the back burner . So , even in these tough and depressing times defined by an economic crisis that will -- yes , will -- have an end , I am pretty excited about the future . Let 's all play our part as citizens of the greatest and freest country in the world . The opinions expressed in the commentary are solely those of William Frist .	Bill Frist says it 's time for a new beginning in America Frist says we 're fortunate Obama , Biden were in the Senate Senate relies on cooperation between majority and minority , Frist says Frist : McCain can play a key role in continuing to reach across the aisle
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- More than half the Christian population has fled the northern Iraqi city of Mosul in reaction to a campaign of killings and intimidation , according to the United Nations . Christian women attend a religious service Sunday at a church in Baghdad . An estimated 13,000 Christians have left because of oppression the U.S. government blames on al Qaeda in Iraq . Mosul , in Nineveh province , is one of the last Iraqi cities where al Qaeda in Iraq has a significant presence and routinely carries out attacks . An estimated 2,300 families have fled Mosul this month , but the exodus has started to ebb , Nineveh province 's Deputy Gov. Khasro Goran said Tuesday . No Christian family has left the city over the past seven days , and at least 100 families returned to their homes in and around Mosul during that time , Goran said . Authorities said they believe Christian demonstrations earlier this month may have prompted the attacks . Hundreds of Christians took to the streets in Mosul and surrounding villages and towns demanding adequate representation on provincial councils , whose members will be chosen in local elections in January . The violence that followed those protests left at least 14 Iraqi Christians dead and prompted the Iraqi government to dispatch more security forces to patrol the city . Violence has declined as a result , Iraqi officials said . Last week , U.S. Defense Department spokesman Geoff Morrell said the anti-Christian attacks and threats are partly "  due to elements of al Qaeda that still enjoy some ability to operate up there . " "  This is an attempt , it appears , to try to inflame tensions and fault lines that exist between religious and sectarian groups , " Morrell said . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees is helping many of the displaced families , most of whom have fled to nearby villages in Nineveh province . About 400 others have crossed into Syria , but many have said they no longer feel safe there , according to the refugee agency . Syria already hosts more than 1 million Iraqi refugees . The U.N. agency said many of the Iraqi Christians told stories of intimidation and death threats . "  One woman said she and her mother left Mosul early last week , two days after someone called one of her colleagues at work and said that all Christians should leave the city immediately or be killed , " according to a UNHCR news release . "  She said she was unnerved but decided to leave only after hearing reports that 11 people had been killed at a checkpoint by militiamen dressed as police officers . She and her mother escaped with a couple of bags and all the money that they had in the house -- they did not dare go to the bank to remove their savings . " A nurse told UNHCR that the threats against Christians in Mosul began months ago "  with phone calls , letters and messages left on doors . " In other violence Tuesday in Mosul , four police officers were killed and four wounded when gunmen opened fire on their vehicle , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Gunmen in cars ambushed police as they were on their way to start work in west Mosul 's al-Amil neighborhood , the official said . Also Tuesday in Baghdad , six civilians died and 23 were hurt in four bombings , the official said . In eastern Baghdad , in the Shiite al-Baladiyat neighborhood , a roadside bomb exploded Tuesday afternoon , killing one civilian and wounding five others , the official said . Earlier , a parked car exploded near a busy outdoor market in the western al-Jihad neighborhood , killing at least five people and wounding 11 others , the Interior Ministry official said . No other details were available about the blast . Two roadside bombs exploded in central Baghdad 's al-Nahdha commercial area , wounding seven people , the official said . The first blast hurt four civilians , while the second wounded three , the official said . Also Tuesday , the Iraqi army and police discovered 20 decomposed bodies in the basement of an abandoned house in Tal Afar , a town about 43 miles  70 kilometers  west of Mosul . There was no indication of how the victims -- who could not immediately be identified -- were killed , the official said . Authorities discovered the bodies after receiving tips from local residents . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities find 20 decomposed bodies in basement of Tal Afar house Intimidation , killings chase 13,000 Christians from Mosul , U.N. agency says Exodus is slowing , and some have returned , Iraqi official says Four police , five civilians killed Tuesday in Mosul and Baghdad , ministry says
In what has been described as one of the largest cheating scandals to hit the nation 's public education system , 35 Atlanta Public Schools educators and administrators were indicted Friday on charges of racketeering and corruption . The indictment is the bookend to a story that was once touted as a model for the nation 's school districts after the district 's test scores dramatically improved in some of its toughest urban schools . Among those indicted by a Fulton County , Georgia , grand jury was Beverly Hall , the former schools superintendent who gained national recognition in 2009 for turning around Atlanta 's school system . "  She was a full participant in that conspiracy , " Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard told reporters during a news conference announcing the charges . "  Without her , this conspiracy could not have taken place , particularly in the degree in which it took place . " The indictment follows a state investigation that was launched after a series of reports by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper found large , unexplained gains in test scores in some Atlanta schools . A state review determined that some cheating had occurred in more than half of the district 's elementary and middle schools . About 180 teachers were initially implicated in the scandal . 2011 : Quit or be fired , educators implicated in Atlanta scandal told Threats and intimidation Hall has denied any role in the cheating scandal . In 2011 , she told The New York Times that her subordinates had allowed the cheating to occur , but denied she was involved . Hall resigned from her position in 2011 following the state investigation , which lambasted her leadership and found widespread cheating in dozens of Atlanta schools . The alleged cheating is believed to date back to early 2001 , according to the indictment , when standardized testing scores began to turn around in the 50,000-student school district . For at least a period of four years , between 2005 and 2009 , test answers were altered , fabricated and falsely certified , the indictment said . Hall allegedly oversaw a system where threats and intimidation were used against teachers , it said . "  As a result , cheating became more and more prevalent , " the indictment said . By the time the 2009 Criterion-Referenced Competency Tests , as the standardized test is known , was administered in Atlanta Public Schools , "  cheating was taking place in a majority of APS 's 83 elementary and middle schools . " Report : Test cheating may be widespread The allegations , the indictment said , are substantiated by the Georgia Governor 's Office of Student Achievement analysis of erasures on standardized tests . ` Suspicious ' test score gains According to the indictment , Hall placed unreasonable goals on educators and "  protected and rewarded those who achieved targets by cheating . It also alleges she fired principals who failed to achieve goals and "  ignored suspicious " test score gains throughout the school system . In 2009 , Hall was named the National Superintendent of the Year by the Schools Superintendents Association , which at the time said her "  leadership has turned Atlanta into a model of urban school reform . " But the indictment paints another picture of Hall , one of a superintendent with "  a single-minded purpose , and that is to cheat , " Howard told reporters . "  For example , teachers who reported other teachers who cheated were terminated , while teachers who were caught cheating were only suspended , " the indictment alleges . "  The message from Beverly Hall was clear : There were to be no exceptions and no excuses for failure to meet targets . " At the heart of the conspiracy to cheat , the indictment said , was money . "  It is further part of the conspiracy and endeavor that targets achieved through cheating were used by Beverly Hall to obtain substantial performance bonuses , " the indictment said . It also alleges a number of others received performance bonuses based on test scores . 2011 : Seven educators step down as scandal unfolds Racketeering and conspiracy Of the 65 counts in the indictment , Hall and 34 others were charged with one count of violating Georgia 's Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , commonly known as RICO . In addition to racketeering , Hall also is charged with making false statements and writings and theft by taking . If convicted on all counts , she could face a maximum of 45 years in prison . Among those also indicted were four of Hall 's executive administrators , six principals , two assistant principals , six testing coordinators , 14 teachers , a school improvement specialist and a school secretary . These Atlanta Public Schools officials are among those named : -- Millicent Few , director of human resources , is accused of participating in the conspiracy and making false statements during the investigation . -- Tamara Cotman , a regional supervisor who oversaw dozens of Atlanta 's schools , is accused of intimidating witnesses , including a principal and other staff , in an effort to hinder an investigation . -- Sharon Davis-Williams , who also oversaw a region of Atlanta 's schools . -- Michael Pitts , who oversaw a region of Atlanta 's schools , also is accused of intimidating witnesses , primarily staff at Parks Middle School , in an effort to hinder or delay an investigation . -- Christopher Waller , principal at Parks Middle School in Atlanta , where at least four teachers are accused of conspiring to cheat on standardized tests , is also alleged to have pressured teachers to cheat as early as spring 2006 . -- Armstead Salters , principal of Gideons Elementary School , where at least four teachers say he allegedly pressured them into cheating . Hall and the 34 others named in the indictment have been ordered to surrender to authorities by Tuesday , said Howard , the district attorney . Atlanta Journal-Constitution special report : Cheating our children	Former Superintendent Beverly Hall ` was a full participant , ' the district attorney says Hall is among 35 indicted on racketeering and conspiracy charges Hall has denied any involvement in cheating Indictment alleges cheating on standardized testing at Atlanta Public Schools dates to 2001
CNN  -- A Sudanese Christian woman who had been sentenced to die for refusing to renounce her faith and her husband were released from custody late Thursday , the two told CNN . Mariam Yehya Ibrahim and her husband , Daniel Wani , said that they were freed on bail but are prohibited from leaving the country . The pair had been detained after they arrived at an airport in Khartoum with their children on Tuesday . She is accused of two criminal counts , traveling with falsified documents and giving false information , according to Ibrahim 's legal team . Ibrahim was trying to leave the African country for the United States with her family , her legal team said Wednesday . Daniel Wani was being held as an accessory , the lawyers said . The family was stopped at the airport after what Ibrahim 's lawyers described Tuesday as an alleged "  irregularity with her documentation . " The U.S. State Department said Tuesday that Ibrahim and her family had been "  temporarily detained at the airport " for questioning over issues relating to their travel and documentation . "  She and her family are in a safe location , and the Government of Sudan has assured us of the family 's continued safety , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Thursday , confirming that Ibrahim had been released on bail . Harf said that the U.S. Embassy "  remains highly engaged " in the woman 's case , saying "  we will provide more information as it becomes available consistent with privacy laws . " Sudanese authorities said Ibrahim had been detained because of the documents she submitted . Sudan 's National Intelligence and Security Services said that she had South Sudanese travel documents despite not being a citizen of South Sudan , and she was heading to the United States , which is not her native country . "  This was considered illegal by the Sudanese authorities , who have summoned both the U.S. and South Sudanese ambassadors , " the agency said in a message posted on its media Facebook page early Wednesday . The airport detention came a day after Ibrahim 's legal team announced the 27-year-old woman had been released from prison after weeks of international controversy over her conviction on apostasy and adultery charges . According to her lawyer , the case began when one of Ibrahim 's relatives , a Muslim , filed a criminal complaint saying her family was shocked to find out she had married Wani , a Christian , after she was missing for several years . The Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim , but she said she was a Christian and never practiced Islam . She was charged with adultery , because a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan , and with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . Woman 's ` brother ' says she should repent What does Christian woman 's death sentence for faith say about Sudan ? Why marrying for love should never mean death Journalist Muhammad Osman contributed to this report .	Mariam Yehya Ibrahim and her husband say they were freed on bail They tell CNN they are prohibited from leaving the country The couple and their two children were planning to travel to the United States Ibrahim had been sentenced to death for apostasy , then released on appeal
Washington  CNN  Fewer members of the military are being sexually assaulted and more victims are coming forward , the Pentagon said in a long-awaited report obtained by CNN on Wednesday . But 4.3 percent of the United States ' active-duty women still say they were the victims of unwanted sexual contact in the last year , and most still are n't reporting those assaults . Some of those who did report their assaults faced retaliation , according to the Pentagon 's findings . In the 136-page report due to be publicly released Thursday , the Pentagon said more victims are reporting sexual assaults . In 2012 , just 1-in-10 victims reported those assaults , and by 2014 , 1-in-4 did . The report pointed to a 50 percent increase in the number of victims who reported the assaults from 2012 to 2013 , and another 8 percent leap in 2014 . The Pentagon said , "  The importance of this upward trend in reporting can not be overstated . " "  Increased reporting signals not only growing trust of command and confidence in the response system , but serves as the gateway to provide more victims with support and to hold a greater number of offenders appropriately accountable , " the report said . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey and Gen. Jeffrey Snow , the director of the Pentagon 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office , delivered the report to the White House on Tuesday . The report noted a major increase in reports of sexual assaults in recent years -- from 3,604 in 2012 to 5,518 in 2013 and then 5,983 in 2014 -- and said it 's "  unlikely " the bump is happening because more crimes are taking place . "  Given the underreported nature of sexual assault , the department believes this increase in reporting is likely due to greater victim confidence in the response system , " the report said . The number of active-duty women who said they were victims of unwanted sexual contact in the last year was 4.3 percent in 2014 -- down from 6.1 percent in 2012 -- the report said , citing surveys from those two years . Victims of sexual assault can file "  restricted " reports , which allows them to access health services without launching investigations and legal proceedings , or "  unrestricted " reports , which do trigger independent investigations . In 2014 , the Pentagon said , 19 percent of the victims who filed restricted reports later decided to make those reports unrestricted and pursue investigations -- the highest figure it has ever recorded . The report also included a survey of more than 150 military sexual assault survivors . It found that three-quarters said they 'd recommend that others report being assaulted -- and 90 percent said they were satisfied with the aid and legal counsel they received . "  However , too many of these respondents indicated they perceived social and/or professional retaliation as a result of making a report , " the Pentagon said . That admission comes as lawmakers push for bigger changes to separate sexual assault prosecutions and court-martial proceedings from the military 's chain of command . New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand is making a new push for that legislation . She 's seeking to have the proposal added into a defense spending authorization bill that 's set for a House vote in the coming days . "  The military has not been able to demonstrate that they have made a difference and they need to be held to the scrutiny and that standard this year because throughout the last year we have continued to see evidence of how much farther we have to go to solve sexual assault in the military , " Gillibrand said Tuesday at a news conference with a bipartisan set of senators who are advocating for her proposal . Among the GOP proponents is Sen. Rand Paul , the Kentucky Republican and likely 2016 presidential contender . "  If you were in a corporation you would not report to your boss -- you would go to the police , " he said . "  In the military it 's a little different but you still would n't want to go to your boss directly or you would n't want your boss to be making the decisions -- particularly if your boss was buddies with the perpetrator -- you would want people you do n't know outside the chain of command . " UPDATE : This story has been updated to include additional information .	A Pentagon report says sexual assaults are decreasing and more victims are coming forward The report says 4.3 percent of active duty women report being the victims of unwanted sexual contact in the last year Now 1-in-4 are reporting those assaults , up from just 1-in-10 in 2012
CNN  -- The Underwear Bomber failed . And our reaction to the failed plot is failing as well , by focusing on the specifics of this made-for-a-movie plot rather than the broad threat . While our reaction is predictable , it 's not going to make us safer . We 're going to beef up airport security , because Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab allegedly snuck a bomb through a security checkpoint . We 're going to intensively screen Nigerians , because he is Nigerian . We 're going to field full body scanners , because they might have noticed the PETN that authorities say was hidden in his underwear . And so on . We 're doing these things even though security worked . The security checkpoints , even at their pre-9 / 11 levels , forced whoever made the bomb to construct a much worse bomb than he would have otherwise . Instead of using a timer or a plunger or another reliable detonation mechanism , as would any commercial user of PETN , he had to resort to an ad hoc homebrew -- and a much more inefficient one , involving a syringe , and 20 minutes in the lavatory , and we do n't know exactly what else -- that did n't explode . At that point , AbdulMutallab 's fellow passengers quickly subdued him . Yes , the screeners did n't notice any PETN in his underwear , but the system was never intended to catch that particular tactic . There probably were intelligence failures -- why was n't his father 's tip followed up on , and why was n't his visa revoked ? -- but it 's always easy to connect the dots in hindsight . We 're doing these things even though this particular plot was chosen precisely because we were n't screening for it ; future al Qaeda attacks rarely look like past attacks ; and the terrorist threat is far broader than attacks against airplanes . We 're doing these things even though airplane terrorism is incredibly rare , the risk is no greater today than it was in previous decades , the taxi to the airport is still more dangerous than the flight , and ten times as many Americans are killed by lightning as by terrorists . In fact , we 're focusing on the specifics of the plot , not despite these facts , but because of them . The Underwear Bomber is precisely the sort of story we humans tend to overreact to . Our brains are n't very good at probability and risk analysis , especially when it comes to rare events . Our brains are much better at processing the simple risks we 've had to deal with throughout most of our species ' existence , and much poorer at evaluating the complex risks modern society forces us to face . We exaggerate spectacular rare events , and downplay familiar and common ones . We can see the effects of this all the time . We fear being murdered , kidnapped , raped and assaulted by strangers , when it 's far more likely that the perpetrator of such offenses is a relative or a friend . We fear school shootings , even though a school is almost always the safest place a child can be . We worry about shark attacks instead of fatal dog or pig attacks -- both far more common . In the U.S. , over 38,000 people die each year in car crashes ; that 's as many deaths as 9/11 each and every month , year after year . Overreacting to the rare and spectacular is natural . We tend to base risk analysis on personal story rather than on data . If a friend gets mugged in a foreign country , that story is more likely to affect how safe you feel in that country than abstract crime statistics . We give storytellers we have a relationship with more credibility than we give strangers , and stories that are close to us more weight than stories from foreign lands . And who is everyone 's major storyteller these days ? Television . I tell people that if it 's in the news , do n't worry about it . The very definition of "  news " is "  something that hardly ever happens . " It 's when something is n't in the news , when it 's so common that it 's no longer news -- car crashes , domestic violence -- that you should start worrying . But that 's not the way we think . The more an event is talked about , the more probable we think it is . The more vivid our thoughts about the event are -- again , think television -- the more easily we remember it and the more convincing it is . So when faced with a very available and highly vivid event like the Underwear Bomber , 9/11 , or a child kidnapping in a playground , we overreact . We get scared . And once we 're scared , we need to "  do something " -- even if that something does n't make sense and is ineffective . We need to do something directly related to the story that 's making us scared . We implement full body scanners at airports . We pass the Patriot Act . We do n't let our children go to playgrounds unsupervised . Instead of implementing effective , but more general , security measures to reduce the overall risk , we concentrate on making the fearful story go away . Yes , it 's security theater , but it makes us feel safer . As circular as it sounds , rare events are rare primarily because they do n't occur very often , and not because of any preventive security measures . If you want to do something that makes security sense , figure out what 's common among a bunch of rare events , and concentrate your countermeasures there . Focus on the general risk of terrorism , and not the specific threat of airplane bombings using PETN-filled underwear . Focus on the general risk of troubled teens , and not the specific threat of a lone gunman wandering around a school . Ignore the movie-plot threats , and concentrate on the real risks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier says the reaction to the failed bombing is wrongheaded He says people tend to look for quick solutions to remote risks He says focusing on how to prevent the last attack makes no sense In this case , he says , the security system actually foiled the bombing
CNN  -- Rosa Brooks says "  keep calm and shut the bleep up . " The witty Foreign Policy writer is sick of what she calls "  self-indulgent vicarious trauma " following the blasts at the marathon finish line in Boston last week , which killed three people , injured more than 100 and set off a manhunt that left an MIT cop dead . "  You do n't need to keep changing your Facebook status to let us all know that you 're still extremely shocked and sad about the Boston bombing , " she wrote last week . "  Let 's just stipulate that everyone is shocked and sad , except the perpetrators and some other scattered sociopaths . " CNN iReport : Run for Boston Part of me loves her piece . It 's a worthy critique of the faux-concern and needless commercialism that can grow out of tragedy . But I think Brooks is selling people short by writing that "  there just is n't much most ordinary people should do in immediate response to events such as the Boston bombings . " There 's plenty to do , as runners have shown in the week since the bombing . Within hours of the blasts , people all over the world were lacing up their running shoes and going outside to run . It 's a simple , selfish act . Some did it to clear their heads . Others to process what had just happened to fellow runners and those cheering them on . I did it because I felt like I just needed to do something . And I feel all the more compelled to keep training because of inspirational stories like those of Adrianne Haslet-Davis , a dance instructor who lost her foot in the bombing but vows to dance and run again . On their own , none of these runs means much . But when people started sharing their stories on Twitter with the hashtag #runforboston , they took on a greater significance . The collective runs started to feel like a form of protest -- a global show of solidarity with victims and a middle finger to violence and its perpetrators . Some runners started raising money for charity or to help with relief efforts . Others , like Becca Obergefell , from Ohio , who started a website for people to log the miles they were running for Boston  more than 4,000 runs have been logged so far  , wanted Boston 's victims , some of whom were robbed of their legs and possibly their abilities to run , that the world was thinking of them . Sutter : Why I 'm running for Boston Perhaps that 's childish and naive , but I do think that matters . That 's why CNN iReport is asking runners and would-be runners to sign up to run a race -- maybe a marathon ? -- as a show of solidarity with , and support for , the victims of the Boston bombing . More than 250 people have signed up to run a race . They 're from Boston , Ohio , California , Australia and Germany . Some are raising money for charity with an app called Charity Miles . Others are running because of personal connections to Boston , because they felt the bombing was an attack on runners everywhere , or because they were moved by a particular story . "  I refuse to forget what I witness , " wrote Andrew Bunyard , 28 , who lives near the site of the bombing in Boston . "  Let 's reclaim our city , " wrote Karin Kenney , a 45-year-old from Massachusetts . "  I 'd like to show marathon runners and those watching that I 'm inspired by so many of them , " wrote Jessica Pilkington , a 27-year-old who works in Boston . "  As runners , we are resilient by nature , " wrote Megan Biller , 29 , from Michigan . All of them have pledged to run a race as a way to work through the tragedy . I 'd encourage you to join in . I 'm going to run a marathon by next April as part of this Run for Boston project . And if you 'd like to sign up , you have until May 1 to do so . All you have to do is take a picture of your sneakers and tell us a little bit about why you 're running . Then look for updates . We 'll post new instructions and challenges in the weeks ahead . On the one-month anniversary of the bombing , May 15 , we 're going to ask iReporters to host group runs all over the country and world in honor and remembrance of those who died and were injured in Boston . Got questions ? Feel free to ask them in the comments . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Runners take to the streets in response to the Boston bombing iReporters have started a Run for Boston project Join the movement by May 1 by uploading a photo of your running shoes CNN will issue new Run for Boston challenges in coming weeks
San Francisco  CNN  -- We have reached San Francisco , the end of our almost 4,000 km journey from Chicago . Here , I am meeting the former mayor Willie Brown . He ran the city for eight years from 1996 to 2004 , and before that was the speaker of California 's legislative assembly for 15 years . The weather here is spectacular . It is in the 20s , and unusual to have such glorious warm days so late in the year . It makes the Golden Gate Bridge glisten . San Francisco must surely be the most beautiful of cities . But the beauty should not mask the terrible financial mess the state faces . Gallery : Images from the journey It would take a voting catastrophe for President Barack Obama to lose in California . The state has n't voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1988 . But the president  and the country  must listen closely to the trends coming from here , because what starts in California often ends up spreading across the country . Also there are some crucial Congressional elections which , if they go badly , would make it much harder for the Democrats to regain control of the House . In California they are worried about the economy and jobs . The unemployment rate , at 10.2 % , is the third highest in the country . Immigration and health are also big concerns . But here , they are used to a higher standard of living and superb college system : One which is now crumbling . There is a state budget deficit which would make even the eurozone blush . In May the Governor of California , Jerry Brown , announced the deficit was $ 16 billion . With the potential to balloon even higher unless something is done . Read more : Romney 's university worlds apart With these facts , today 's California is starting to look a lot like austerity Europe . Think about it . Over the past few years , California has made deep cuts in education , social services , and even releasing some prisoners early to save money . It has proposed raising income and sales taxes to close this stubborn budget gap , that is dangerously large and wo n't go away while the economy languishes . There are more similarities . In the past , when California fell on hard times , it could rely on a rising national economy to pick up the slack . After all , the U.S. economy is one large locomotive , and when one state falls on hard times the others can lend a hand . That ca n't happen this time , because nationally there is no extra economic oomph to pick up the slack . It is exactly the same as the eurozone , where even the German growth engine ca n't pull everyone out of recession . As the International Monetary Fund noted in the latest World Economic Outlook , everyone is cutting deficits at the same time and this makes a bad situation worse . California is as much a victim of this as any European country . Colorado : Will frontier state call election ? I do n't want to push this analogy too far . California 's economy is in better fundamental shape than many eurozone countries . What I am suggesting is that the European austerity , which so far has not hit most of America , has well and truly arrived . This trend setting state is one of the first to truly feel the longer-lasting effects which I have no doubt will spread -- whoever wins the election . Austerity California is a glimpse of the future for America ; the rest of the country , blinded by extravagant election promises , just does n't yet realize it .	CNN 's Richard Quest has arrived in San Francisco , where he will meet former mayor Willie Brown This is a beautiful city but the state of California is in a financial mess Whoever is voted president must watch the trends coming from this state closely The state is in times of austerity -- reflecting what is happening in the eurozone
Washington  CNN  -- It 's not often that a presidential to-do list  and legacy-making agenda  comes down to a couple of key weeks , but here we are : gun control , immigration reform and the budget -- all front and center , right now . It 's an odd time in Washington . The president has been dating Republicans , dining with senators with whom he has hardly spoken in the past . Republicans seem to believe they can actually work with the president -- on immigration , at least . As for guns , well , some in the GOP seem ready to filibuster an issue -- background checks -- that has overwhelming public support . "  That wo n't do us a lot of good , " moans one GOP pollster . "  We will look like the party taking extremist positions . " Should anyone be able to buy guns ? Share your views Remember how well that worked with women in the last election ? And then there 's the budget . The president decided to propose one this year that starts with compromise -- containing some of the entitlement reforms that he worked out with House Speaker John Boehner before the "  grand bargain " became the grand failure . A couple of senior GOP pollsters tell me that they ca n't quite figure out why the president did something guaranteed to annoy his liberal base . How about this for an answer : When all else fails , it does n't hurt to look credible . Better yet , it does n't hurt actually to be credible . After all , what 's the downside ? "  When you are dealing with dysfunction , the best you can do is demonstrate that you are reasonable , " one senior administration official tells me . "  The alternative would be throwing fuel on the flames . We need to be serious here . " It 's about time . On all fronts . Understand this : This is a not a strategy hatched by a bunch of Pollyannas at the White House . It is borne of necessity , and bred with an understanding of a public that has just about had it with Washington . The president played tough in the sequester fight -- calling for new revenues -- and he lost . Now he 's not overplaying his hand ; he 's playing it smart . On immigration , he 's hanging back , letting congressional negotiators take the lead . He was called out for doing that on health care reform -- rightly so , allowing top Democrats Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid to manage an unpopular process and produce an unpopular bill . But this time , it 's different : Republicans understand that immigration reform has now become a gateway issue . ` It 's now a basic way for us to find our way back into national politics , " one GOP pollster tells me . "  It does n't solve our problem with Latino voters by itself , but it helps . " Even polls show that a majority of GOP voters -- once opposed to reform -- are now on board with some version of it . The notion of a "  pathway to citizenship " still stirs all kinds of fears about amnesty with the GOP base , but that 's less of an issue these days : All things considered , any gain in Latino voters outweighs some shrinkage of the base . It 's a trickier route for the president on guns . Barack Obama did n't intend for gun control to be part of his second-term legacy ; it came to be after Newtown . And this is an issue , by the way , that splits the Democratic Party more than it splits the GOP . A half-dozen Democratic Senate races in pro-gun states next year could hang in the balance . And if the Democrats lose those senators -- and ca n't break a GOP filibuster -- it 's dangerous for them , too . Not as dangerous , of course , as the GOP holding up any vote on a gun bill . That , I would argue , could have a great deal of impact on the midterm elections . Why ? Because the president will continue to take the issue directly to the voters , 90 % of whom agree with him on background checks . It 's a delicate time here in Washington . If nothing happens on guns , for instance , what about the rest of the Obama agenda ? "  If you ca n't pass a bill on guns in this environment , what can you ever do ? " asks one senior administration official . "  It sets the bar so high for anything , people will be demoralized . " The result ? Retreat . Maybe some sort of immigration reform passes  it 's in everyone 's self-interest  but no tax reform . No serious entitlement reform . Nothing big on the agenda , just small-scale items . Perfect for politicians unable to respond to crisis , much less the will of the people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : President Barack Obama 's legacy could be shaped in a couple of weeks Obama has been reaching out to GOP , seeking progress on budget , guns , immigration She says Obama has been taking risks in the interest of seeking compromise Borger : President 's strategy is smart , but is Congress up to the challenge ?
CNN  -- Nearly two-and-a-half years after losing the title , Tiger Woods reclaimed the world No. 1 golf ranking when winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational tournament on Monday . The defending champion knew that only victory at Bay Hill would enable him to topple Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy . With thunder storms having pushed the final round of play in Florida into Monday , the 37-year-old defended the three-shot lead he held at the start of the day to finish 13 under par -- two ahead of second-placed Justin Rose . Can winning really take care of everything in Tiger Woods ' life ? "  It has been a by-product of hard work , patience and getting back to winning golf tournaments , " Woods said of regaining the coveted top spot . As he tapped into the eighteenth , Woods became only the second golfer in history to win eight PGA titles at the same event -- joining the legendary Sam Snead , who achieved his tally at the Greater Greensboro Open  now called the Wyndham Championship  . "  I play well here -- and that 's as simple as it gets , " Woods replied when asked the secret of his success at Bay Hill . While Snead needed 27 years to mark up those victories , Woods took just 13 -- nearly half the time -- to achieve the feat , having also managed to win three other tournaments on seven different occasions . The American 's form suggests he will be the man to beat at next month 's Masters at Augusta , the first major of the year -- with many pundits awaiting his first major since 2008 to consider his comeback complete . "  That 's up to them -- that 's their opinion , " said a relaxed Woods after his success . "  I am very pleased with the way I am playing -- and that 's enough for me . " Opinion : For Tiger , winning does take care of everything The title , on one of his favorite courses , formally caps his return to the summit of golf -- which he spectacularly fell off when reports of numerous marital infidelities emerged in late 2009 , whereupon he took an indefinite break from the sport . The following August , his divorce from his Swedish wife of six years , former model Elin Nordegren , who is the mother of his two children , was finalized . In October 2010 , six months after returning to golf with such poor form that he failed to win a single event in a season for the first time since turning professional , Woods lost his world best crown to Englishman Lee Westwood -- ending a record run of 281 consecutive weeks at the top  which started in June 2005  . A combination of further poor form , added to injury , meant that a man who had once seemed invincible on the golf course dropped to a barely credible 58th place in November 2011 . But 29 months after losing his crown , Woods is back on top for the eleventh time in his career -- capping a fine month for both his game and private life , with the golfer having announced his relationship to skier Lindsey Vonn last week . He will now start to add to the record 623 weeks he has spent on top of the golfing world , a tally which is nearly double that of his nearest rival , with Australian Greg Norman racking up 331 weeks , while no other player has broken the 100-week barrier . The 2013 season may be in its infancy but the 14-time major winner has started in irrepressible form , winning three of his five tournaments -- after triumphing at Doral earlier this month and at Torrey Pines in January . His 77th PGA Tour victory also marked his 99th professional tournament win as Woods , who has won the Masters on four occasions , prepares his bid to wear the famous green jacket for the first time since 2005 .	Woods returns to No. 1 spot after two-and-a-half-year absence Victory over Justin Rose takes Woods to joint record eighth win at same PGA event Woods now starts 624th week at the top of world rankings
CNN  -- Two American security officers have been found dead on the Maersk Alabama container ship , police in the Seychelles said Wednesday . Seychelles police identified them on Thursday as Jeffrey Reynolds and Mark Kennedy . The men , both 44 , were found dead on Tuesday . "  A postmortem will be carried out this week in order to establish the cause of their sudden deaths , " police said , adding that the police investigation is ongoing . The 500-foot Maersk Alabama was targeted by Somali pirates in an attempted hijacking off the east coast of Africa in 2009 . The 2013 film "  Captain Phillips " is based on the incident . Reynolds and Kennedy worked for Trident Group , a Virginia-based maritime security services firm . The company 's president , Tom Rothrauff , said the men were former Navy SEALs . "  It 's bizarre . Of course , it 's a shock . They 're all great guys , " Rothrauff said . "  I 'm absolutely clueless as to what happened . " Kevin N. Speers , a senior director for Maersk Line , said in a statement that the security contractors boarded the vessel on January 29 , and that their deaths were "  not related to vessel operations or their duties as security personnel . " Maersk Line contracts with Trident Group in accordance with U.S. Coast Guard security directives , Speers said in the statement . "  Contracted security is part of anti-piracy protection plans to safeguard crews and vessels , " Speers said . "  In Maersk Alabama 's case , she is persistently in high-risk areas since she provides feeder service to the east coast of Africa . " The Maersk Alabama has since left Port Victoria , the Seychelles capital , Speers told CNN on Thursday . Senior Chief Petty Officer Daniel Tremper said the U.S. Coast Guard had been notified about the deaths of two U.S. citizens and is investigating , but "  due to the nature of the investigation , that will be about all that we can provide right now . " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf confirmed the men were U.S. citizens . The Coast Guard is involved in the investigation because the Maersk Alabama is a U.S.-flagged ship , Harf said . Police said the ship arrived in the Seychelles , an archipelago in the Indian Ocean , on Sunday with a 24-man crew and had been expected to leave Tuesday . The bodies were found by a colleague who had gone to check in on one of the men in a cabin at about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday , Seychelles police said . CNN first learned about the incident on Twitter . In April 2009 , four armed pirates attempted to hijack the Maersk Alabama 380 miles off the coast of Somalia . After the crew sank the pirates ' vessel and foiled their efforts to take control of the container ship , the pirates took the ship 's captain , Richard Phillips , hostage on a lifeboat . The incident ended three days later when Navy sharpshooters killed three of the pirates and captured the fourth . Phillips was unharmed . The ship was attacked by pirates again later that year , but armed security personnel fought them off . Another attempt by pirates to board the ship , in March 2011 , was thwarted when security personnel fired warning shots . 2010 : Hero skipper ignored pirate warnings , crew says 2009 : Crewman 's e-mail gives harrowing details of hijacking CNN 's Deanna Hackney and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	Two American security contractors were former Navy SEALs , executive says "  It 's bizarre . Of course , it 's a shock . They 're all great guys , " executive adds "  Contracted security is part of anti-piracy protection plans , " firm spokesman says A colleague found the bodies in a ship cabin when checking up on one of the men
Mashable  -- There 's a lot riding on the Nokia Lumia 900 . While Windows Phones until now have generally been capable if not outstanding devices , the Lumia 900 brings Microsoft 's mobile platform to a new level . Not only does it add a super-fast LTE connection from AT&T , but it 'll also serve as a flagship device for Nokia and Microsoft , at least until Windows Phone 8 devices come later in the year . I 've been using the Lumia 900 for the past week , and it 's a great smartphone . It 's also an excellent example of just how far the Windows Phone platform has come since its debut a year and a half ago . Good Windows Phone apps used to be in extremely short supply , but I was pleasantly surprised to see many of the same apps that I use regularly on iOS in the Windows Phone Marketplace . Foursquare ? Check . eBay ? Check . Spotify ? It 's there . Readability ? Yep . Kindle ? Got it . Pulse ? Totally . There 's even Foodspotting , yo . Still , there 's no Instagram , Pinterest , Flipboard or Hulu Plus . So the Marketplace -- recently clocked at 65,000 apps to the iPhone 's 600,000 -- certainly has some catching up to do . But if you 're not already locked into another platform , it 's reassuring to know Windows Phone has the essentials covered . Metro stretches out Most of those apps look gorgeous on the Lumia 900 $  s 4.3-inch OLED screen . Indeed , the increasing sizes on today 's smartphones are perfect for Windows Phone 's Metro interface . Its design favors big fonts and splash layouts that stretch to the screen 's edges and beyond . Windows Phone works best when it 's got lots of real estate to work with . For example , Foursquare makes the multiple menus in the app feel like one giant poster . My friends , activity and checkins are all partitioned into pretty columns . The iOS and Android versions look claustrophobic by comparison  see below  . The seamless Metro-inspired design is n't automatic , however , and your mileage will vary from app to app . Most apps from indie developers are pretty blah . The design occasionally trips itself up . Metro presents its iconography as if it were as familiar as street signs , showing symbols with no labels . It 's pretty easy to pick the wrong function , especially if it 's your first time launching the app . When navigating , you should proceed with caution , especially in social apps . Shares and check-ins can happen before you know what you 're doing . Begging to be touched Pretty design is one thing , but usability is another . Windows Phone begs to be touched , swiped and pinched , even more than iOS or Android . The big layouts practically beg you to see what 's on the next screen . Here 's where the Lumia 900 $  s 1.4 GHz Qualcomm processor shines . It 's only a single-core design  Microsoft does n't yet allow multi-core chips on Windows Phones  , but it was more than enough to keep up as I pushed and pulled menus with my fingers . The whole interface feels alive as you touch it . Besides the great UI , Nokia offers up some special apps to Lumia owners . Probably most useful is Nokia Drive , a free turn-by-turn navigation service that works with Nokia Maps  not Bing Maps , which are also pretty  . Nokia has also created dynamic Metro apps for CNN and ESPN that look fantastic , especially when it comes to video.The CNN app highlights one of Windows Phone 's differentiators : live tiles . The photo from the most recent top story in the app is highlighted on the app 's icon on your home screen . That 's great , but there 's no headline or even a slug to help guide the user . What , for example , is this picture of Barack Obama supposed to signify ? Nuts & bolts Back to the hardware . This is a really well-made phone ; even though the screen is 0.8 inches larger than an iPhone 's , it does n't feel large in your hand . That 's partly thanks to the polycarbonate casing , which is smooth but provides an excellent grip . Nokia offers bumpers that can better protect it , but it 's pretty durable . I do n't know why you 'd want to cover it up . The camera is 8 megapixels , and to my eye the quality is on par with the iPhone 4S , though it records at "  only " 720p resolution . The Lumia 900 $  s screen shows off AMOLED 's strengths -- bright colors and true blacks that make icons and artwork pop . The screen also uses anti-reflection optics to reduce its reflectance . The upshot : a screen that 's much easier to see in bright sunlight . You can see just how much in the gallery below . Finally , there 's that LTE connection . I managed to get download speeds up to 28.4 megabits per second here in the Flatiron district of New York City . That 's pretty amazing , especially when you consider our office Wi-Fi typically got about 9 Mbps . Puttering along at AT&T 's "  4G " HSPA + speeds , my iPhone 4S maxed out at 1.9 Mbps . Lumia rises The Nokia Lumia 900 , which will be in stores April 8 for the tidy sum of $ 99.99  with contract  , is by far the best Windows Phone ever made . Not only does it have a great screen for Metro apps , it has the hardware to really deliver on the experience they promise . This is the device that Microsoft needs to show off how good Windows Phone can be . Sure , you do n't get Instagram  yet  , but the world of possibility it opens is unlike anything else out there . See the original article on Mashable.com  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The Nokia Lumia 900 will be in stores April 8 for the tidy sum of $ 99.99 Flagship phone is result of a partnership between Nokia and Microsoft The screen on the phone uses anti-reflection optics to reduce its reflectance Nokia Drive is a free turn-by-turn navigation service that works with Nokia Maps
CNN  -- The world 's population is about to reach 7 billion on Monday , according to the United Nations . More than a third of the globe 's people are in two countries . China and India account for more than 1 billion people each . Both have at least three times as many people as the United States , which has the world 's third-largest population at a little more than 300 million . Visualize 7 billion at once Indonesia and Brazil round out the top five , according to the most recent estimates from the CIA World Factbook . Twelve countries in the world have more than 100 million people . Eight of them are Asian countries . The other four are the U.S. , Brazil , Nigeria and Mexico . At the bottom of the list is Pitcairn Islands , with an estimated 48 people . The British territory is in the south Pacific . More Comparisons : Which countries are perceived to be the most corrupt ? Which country has the smallest gender gap ? Where is the Internet most popular ? Where are the undernourished ? Where do people live the longest ? Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ? Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	China and India are the world 's two most populous countries ; both have more than 1 billion people The United States is a distant third with a little more than 300 million people Last on the list : Pitcairn Islands , with an estimated 48 people
Wired  -- A California student got a visit from the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation this week after he found a secret GPS tracking device on his car , and a friend posted photos of it online . The post prompted wide speculation about whether the device was real , whether the young Arab-American was being targeted in a terrorism investigation and what the authorities would do . It took just 48 hours to find out : The device was real , the student was being secretly tracked and the FBI wanted their expensive device back , the student told Wired.com in an interview Wednesday . The answer came when half-a-dozen FBI agents and police officers appeared at Yasir Afifi 's apartment complex in Santa Clara , California , on Tuesday demanding he return the device . Afifi , a 20-year-old U.S.-born citizen , cooperated willingly and said he 'd done nothing to merit attention from authorities . Comments the agents made during their visit suggested he 'd been under FBI surveillance for three to six months . An FBI spokesman would n't acknowledge that the device belonged to the agency or that agents appeared at Afifi 's house . "  I ca n't really tell you much about it , because it 's still an ongoing investigation , " said spokesman Pete Lee , who works in the agency 's San Francisco headquarters . Afifi , the son of an Islamic-American community leader who died a year ago in Egypt , is one of only a few people known to have found a government-tracking device on their vehicle . His discovery comes in the wake of a recent ruling by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals saying it 's legal for law enforcement to secretly place a tracking device on a suspect 's car without getting a warrant , even if the car is parked in a private driveway . Brian Alseth from the American Civil Liberties Union in Washington state contacted Afifi after seeing pictures of the tracking device posted online and told him the ACLU had been waiting for a case like this to challenge the ruling . "  This is the kind of thing we like to throw lawyers at , " Afifi said Alseth told him . "  It seems very frightening that the FBI have placed a surveillance-tracking device on the car of a 20-year-old American citizen who has done nothing more than being half-Egyptian , " Alseth told Wired.com Afifi , a business marketing student at Mission College in Santa Clara , discovered the device last Sunday when he took his car to a local garage for an oil change . When a mechanic at Ali 's Auto Care raised his Ford Lincoln LS on hydraulic lifts , Afifi saw a wire sticking out near the right rear wheel and exhaust . Garage owner Mazher Khan confirmed for Wired.com that he also saw it . A closer inspection showed it connected to a battery pack and transmitter , which were attached to the car with a magnet . Khan asked Afifi if he wanted the device removed and when Afifi said yes , Khan pulled it easily from the car 's chassis . "  I would n't have noticed it if there was n't a wire sticking out , " Afifi said . Later that day , a friend of Afifi 's named Khaled posted pictures of the device at Reddit asking if anyone knew what it was and if it mean the FBI "  is after us . "  Reddit is owned by CondeNast Digital , which also owns Wired.com  . "  My plan was to just put the device on another car or in a lake , " Khaled wrote , "  but when you come home to 2 stoned off their asses people who are hearing things in the device and convinced its a bomb you just got ta be sure . " A reader quickly identified it as an Orion Guardian ST820 tracking device made by an electronics company called Cobham , which sells the device only to law enforcement . No one was available at Cobham to answer Wired.com 's questions , but a former FBI agent who looked at the pictures confirmed it was a tracking device . The former agent , who asked not to be named , said the device was an older model of tracking equipment that had long ago been replaced by devices that do n't require batteries . Batteries die and need to be replaced if surveillance is ongoing so newer devices are placed in the engine compartment and hardwired to the car 's battery so they do n't run out of juice . He was surprised this one was so easily found . "  It has to be able to be removed but also stay in place and not be seen , " he said . "  There 's always the possibility that the car will end up at a body shop or auto mechanic , so it has to be hidden well . It 's very rare when the guys find them . " He said he was certain that agents who installed it would have obtained a 30-day warrant for its use . Afifi considered selling the device on Craigslist before the FBI showed up . He was in his apartment Tuesday afternoon when a roommate told him "  two sneaky-looking people " were near his car . Afifi , already heading out for an appointment , encountered a man and woman looking his vehicle outside . The man asked if Afifi knew his registration tag was expired . When Afifi asked if it bothered him , the man just smiled . Afifi got into his car and headed for the parking lot exit when two SUVs pulled up with flashing lights carrying four police officers in bullet-proof vests . The agent who initially spoke with Afifi identified himself then as Vincent and told Afifi , "  We 're here to recover the device you found on your vehicle . It 's federal property . It 's an expensive piece , and we need it right now . " Afifi asked , "  Are you the guys that put it there ? " and the agent replied , "  Yeah , I put it there . " He told Afifi , "  We 're going to make this much more difficult for you if you do n't cooperate . " Afifi retrieved the device from his apartment and handed it over , at which point the agents asked a series of questions -- did he know anyone who traveled to Yemen or was affiliated with overseas training ? One of the agents produced a printout of a blog post that Afifi 's friend Khaled allegedly wrote a couple of months ago . It had "  something to do with a mall or a bomb , " Afifi said . He had n't seen it before and does n't know the details of what it said . He found it hard to believe Khaled meant anything threatening by the post . "  He 's a smart kid and is not affiliated with anything extreme and never says anything stupid like that , " Afifi said . "  I 've known that guy my whole life . " The agents told Afifi they had other agents outside Khaled 's house . "  If you want us to call them off and not talk to him we can do that , " Afifi said they told him . "  That was weird . ... I did n't really believe anything they were saying . " When he later asked Khaled about the post , his friend recalled "  writing something stupid , " but said he was n't involved in any wrongdoing . Khaled declined to discuss the issue with Wired.com . The female agent , who handed Afifi a card , identified herself as Jennifer Kanaan and said she was Lebanese . She spoke some Arabic to Afifi and through the course of her comments indicated she knew what restaurants he and his girlfriend frequented . She also congratulated him on his new job . Afifi got laid off from his job a couple of days ago , but on the same day was hired as an international sales manager of laptops and computers for Cal Micro in San Jose . The agents also knew he was planning a short business trip to Dubai in a few weeks . Afifi said he often travels for business and has two teenage brothers in Egypt whom he supports financially . They live with an aunt . His U.S.-born mother , who divorced his father five years ago , lives in Arizona . Afifi 's father , Aladdin Afifi , was a U.S. citizen and former president of the Muslim Community Association here , before his family moved to Egypt in 2003 . Yasir Afifi returned to the U.S. alone in 2008 , while his father and brothers stayed in Egypt , to further his education he said . He knows he 's on a federal watchlist and is regularly taken aside at airports for secondary screening . Six months ago , a former roommate of his was visited by FBI agents who said they wanted to speak with Afifi . Afifi contacted one agent and was told the agency received an anonymous tip from someone saying he might be a threat to national security . Afifi told the agent he was willing to answer questions if his lawyer approved . But after Afifi 's lawyer contacted the agency , he never heard from the feds again until he found their tracking device . "  I do n't think they were surprised that I found it , " he told Threat Level . "  I 'm sure they knew when I found it . ... One of the first questions they asked me was if I was at a mechanics shop last Sunday . I said yes , that 's where I found this stupid device under my car . " Afifi 's attorney , who works for the civil liberties-focused Council on American Islamic Relations , said this kind of tracking is more egregious than the kind her office usually sees . "  The idea that it escalates to this level is unusual , " said Zahra Billoo . "  We take about one new case each week relating to FBI or law enforcement visits -LSB- to clients -RSB- . Generally they come to the individual 's house or workplace , and there are issues that arise from that . " However , she said that after learning about Afifi 's experience , other lawyers in her organization told her they knew of two people in Ohio who also recently discovered tracking devices on their vehicles . Afifi 's encounter with the FBI ended with the agents telling him not to worry . "  We have all the information we needed , " they told him . "  You do n't need to call your lawyer . Do n't worry , you 're boring . " They shook his hand and left . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A California student found a GPS tracker on his car , which he says belongs to the FBI A friend of the student posted pictures of the device to the social news website Reddit The student says he was confronted by FBI agents , who asked him to return the gizmo
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Women 's boxing will be included at the 2012 Olympic Games in London , the president of the International Olympic Committee announced Thursday . Germany 's Ina Menzer , left , fights American Franchesca Alcanter during a WIBF and WBC featherweight bout in May . The decision came during a two-day IOC Executive Board meeting in Berlin , at which board members also decided to propose golf and rugby for inclusion in the 2016 Olympic Games . "  I can only rejoice about the decision of inclusion of women 's boxing , " IOC President Jacques Rogge told reporters . "  I think it 's a great decision . Boxing was the sole  Olympic  sport with no women involved . "  The sport of women 's boxing has progressed a lot , a tremendous amount , in the last five years and it was about time to include them in the Games . " Have your say - should women 's boxing be included ? A men 's class will likely be axed to make room for three women 's weight categories at London 2012 , the UK Press Association reported . Women will compete in the flyweight 48-51kg class , lightweight 56-60kg and middleweight 69-75kg , the agency said . When the IOC dropped baseball and softball from the 2012 Olympic program several years ago , it said it would consider adding new sports that had a clean reputation and a wide appeal . Rogge pointed out that women 's boxing has around 200 athletes who could potentially compete in 2012 , while softball has only around 120 . As a result , he said , the IOC considered women 's boxing to be more popular . Women 's boxing has boomed in Britain since 2005 , with the number of registered female fighters rising from 50 to 600 , PA reported . Softball and baseball were considered for inclusion in the 2016 Games along with squash , karate , roller sports , golf and rugby , but the board decided to consider only the last two . Blog : IOC has picked the wrong sports , says CNN 's Paul Gittings The IOC has not yet selected the host city for 2016 , but its board members will submit golf and rugby to the full IOC session for a final decision at its meeting in Copenhagen , Denmark , in October . "  Golf and rugby scored high on all the criteria , " Rogge told the IOC 's official Web site . "  They have global appeal , a geographically diverse line-up of top iconic athletes and an ethic that stresses fair play . " The International Golf Federation has proposed two four-day strokeplay tournaments for men and women , with 18 holes per round and medals awarded to the three players in each with the lowest scores . The International Rugby Board has proposed men 's and women 's Sevens tournaments , with 12 teams in each being divided into two pools before semifinals and finals .	Women 's boxing will be included in the 2012 Olympic Games in London Boxing had been the only Olympic event without any female participants Golf and rugby will be considered for inclusion at the 2016 Summer Games Softball , squash , baseball , karate and roller sports did not make the cut
RealSimple.com  -- Some parents and kids admit to some creative fibbing . I say that the ice cream truck that drives through our neighborhood is the "  music truck . " It plays music for people to enjoy during the summertime . -- Breeze Watson ; Lansing , Michigan When I do n't feel like playing with the toy that my toddler chooses , I tell her that it is out of batteries , even if the toy does n't take batteries . It works with TV shows , too . "  Sorry , honey , Dora must need new batteries . We 'll check back later . " -- Christine Stevens ; Issaquah , Washington RealSimple.com : 50 family recipes kids actually like I pretend fortune-cookie fortunes say things like "  Your bedtime tonight will be 15 minutes earlier . " Unfortunately , this works only until they can read . -- Rebecca Einstein Schorr ; Fountain Valley , California "  Yes , we 're having chicken for dinner . "  I actually served fish .  -- Doreen Saiz Flores ; Barstow , California That the car wo n't start unless everyone is buckled in . I just jiggle the keys in the ignition until the last belt clicks . -- Jennifer Nilson ; Roscoe , Illinois RealSimple.com : "  You did what ? " When my daughter begged to stop at a playground , I said , "  Sorry , all the playgrounds are closed now . " She wisely asked why other children were playing at one we passed . I answered that they were not following the rules . -- Carol Catena ; New York , New York My two-year-old believes that certain toys "  live " at the store and are there to be visited . -- Cyn Rielley ; Sutton , Massachusetts "  The tooth fairy did n't come last night because she was sick . Her substitute must have been very confused by the new route . I am sure she will come tonight . " -- Julie Nichols Forrer ; Plano , Texas "  Things in the checkout aisle are for decoration and we are n't supposed to mess them up . " -- Erin Seebaldt Olson ; Detroit , Michigan To get our picky three-year-old to eat , we say that vegetables will make him super strong . At the table , we let him attempt to lift our arms . By the end of the meal , he can hoist our hands over our heads with one finger ! -- Michele Buzek Bakker ; McKeesport , Pennsylvania "  It 's not red cabbage -- it 's purple spaghetti . " -- Anne-Marie O'Neill ; Brooklyn , New York RealSimple.com : Vegetables in disguise My son had a crush on a girl on Barney . I made spinach balls -- something he would n't ordinarily touch -- and told him they were her recipe . He politely ate them ! -- Christine Mills Searle ; Cleveland , Ohio When I 'm getting ready in the bathroom and the kids start banging on the door , I pretend that it 's stuck when I really have it locked . -- Sherry Whelchel Corbett ; Bostic , North Carolina "  McDonald 's is closed for a private party . " -- Michelle Suchand Mcpherson ; Virginia Beach , Virginia I told my friend 's son that the compass on the dashboard of my car was a tracking device so that his mom could immediately find us if he misbehaved . Rogenia Argoe Lembo Manassas , Virginia RealSimple.com : 6 road trip games for kids That I 'm still 29 . -- Deb Ward ; Richfield , Wisconsin "  That lady on the cover of the fashion magazine is a drawing . No one looks like that in real life . " -- Katie Penland ; Dyersburg , Tennessee "  The sugar cookies that Grandma made are kind of spicy . "  So I could have them all for myself .  -- Rebecca Scott ; Sauk Rapids , Minnesota My son thinks he has a heated seat in the back of our car , and I have n't had the heart to tell him the truth . I love to ask him if he feels his tush getting warm . -- Tracy Smith Goldberg ; Hastings-on-Hudson , New York Before moving into our house , I told my kids that we paid extra to have it sprayed for ghosts . -- Amy Talcott Kennard ; Peoria , Illinois RealSimple.com : How to remove crayon , glue , and more kid stains "  No , darling , I 'm not upset that you ate SpaghettiOs in the living room and spilled them all over the tan couch and the beige carpet . " -- Jennifer Thornton ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma "  The vacuum cleaner will suck up all your toys . " You should see my kids rush to clean up whenever they hear the vacuum going . -- Shasta Brucker ; Buckley , Washington Kids , What Little Lie Have You Told Recently ? "  Mom said I could have an ice cream sandwich for breakfast . " -- Roland , age 3 "  Yes , I brushed my teeth . " -- Jack , age 9 RealSimple.com : The best kid 's toothpastes -- "  I got hit by a limo and the stars inside the car stole my homework . " Jason , age 11 -- When asked how her lunch suddenly disappeared : "  A big monster with green teeth and purple hair came into the kitchen and stole it . " Claire , age 3 -- "  I told my dad I could n't clean my room because I was depressed that my cat died . He started laughing because my cat died two years ago . " Anu , age 11 -- While covered in bright orange dust : "  No , I have not been eating Cheetos . " Reece , age 3 -- "  My mommy is having another baby . " Maclyn , age 6 RealSimple.com : Outrageous kids ' quotes -- "  No , Mommy , I did n't pick the flowers . They just fell off . " Kimberly , age 7 -- "  I told people that I never told a lie before . " Ayanna , age 9 Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Parents and children share some of their favorite white lies Cars wo n't start until seat belts are buckled ; a fish dinner "  is chicken " "  McDonald 's is closed for party ; special toys live at the store Kids : The flowers just fell off ; a monster stole my lunch
CNN  -- Skywatchers are gathering from parking lots in western India to music festivals on remote Japanese islands to witness what NASA describes as an "  exceptionally long " total solar eclipse that will cross half the planet on Wednesday . People try out "  solar view goggles " ahead of the eclipse on the outskirts of Ahmedabad , India . "  This eclipse has the potential to be observed by more people than any eclipse in all of history , " said MIT astronomer Richard Binzel , who will be in Shanghai leading an expedition of observers and a group of eclipse chasers . "  Essentially , every inhabitant of all of India and China will be able to see at least part of the sun covered throughout the day , " he said . The path of the total eclipse will stretch across the heart of Asia -- from India 's Bay of Cambay , over the Himalayas and across China and the southern islands of Japan . The eclipse is expected to reach its peak over India at around 12:40 a.m. GMT Wednesday  8:40 p.m. ET Tuesday  . Though the duration of greatest eclipse will occur over the Pacific Ocean at six minutes , 39 seconds , people in some areas of China and Japan will experience up to more than six minutes of darkness , according to predictions by Fred Espenak of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center and J. Anderson of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada . Watch as eclipse-watchers head to China " The 15,150-kilometer  9,415-mile  journey of the moon 's shadow across the Earth will last nearly three-and-a-half hours and be "  one of the longest eclipses , if not the longest eclipse , in this century , " Binzel said . Forecasters predict stormy weather for Wednesday morning in Shanghai , but this prognosis has not deterred astronomers and tourists from flooding the city . Send us your photos of the eclipse Professor Zhao Junliang of the Shanghai Astronomical Observatory said the weather could be unpredictable but staying away from such an historic event would be a mistake . "  In 1987 , I chased a total solar eclipse in  the western region of  Xinjiang . At the time , the sun was entirely blocked by stormy clouds . Two minutes before the eclipse began , the clouds suddenly cleared , " Zhao said . "  You just never know , so you have to go . " Read blog on how eclipse-chasers are gambling on weather Rick Gille and his wife flew in from Atlanta , Georgia , to catch the eclipse in Shanghai . They were heading to what is known as the "  centerline " -- where the eclipse will last nearly six minutes . They are armed with high resolution digital cameras and telescopes . "  You 'll know us when you see us , " said Gille , who travels the world chasing solar eclipses . "  We 're all wearing beige t-shirts which read ` Eclipse 2009 . ' " Total eclipses happen about once a year or a little less often somewhere on the Earth 's surface and are visible in a narrow band , Benzil said . "  This band starts at sunrise in India and ends at sunset over the Pacific , just east of Hawaii about four hours later . The shadow path of the moon is sweeping across the surface of the Earth at about 3,000 kilometers per hour , " he said . "  The partial eclipse is also visible throughout Thailand and Vietnam , as far south at the top tip of Australia and as far north as Siberia . " In some cultures , legends and folklore surrounds eclipses . In India , an eclipse is considered inauspicious . Women forbid pregnant daughters-in-law from going outside out of the belief that their children could be born with marks . Some temples wo n't offer any prayers on the day of an eclipse -- such as the one next to the planetarium in Mumbai , which said it wo n't even light a stick of incense . In Chinese tradition , there is a story about a heavenly dog eating the sun . As the story goes , people would make noise to scare off the dog and rescue the sun , said Bill Yeung , president of the Hong Kong Astronomical Society . "  In ancient China , we shared the same impression with our Indian friends that a solar eclipse was not a good thing , " he told CNN . Some of the more unusual ways to see Wednesday 's eclipse include a cruise ship that will travel along the centerline off Japan and from aboard a 737-700 chartered plane in India . "  The aircraft will be intercepting the middle of the eclipse shadow at 0626 IST  Indian Standard Time  at a height of 41,000 feet , " travel company Cox and Kings India Ltd , which is organizing the flight in association with Space technology and education Ltd , said in a statement . "  Eclipse chasers sitting along the Sun Side seats of the aircraft will be able to photograph the eclipse ; while the chasers sitting along the Earth Side seats will be able to photograph the Lunar Shadow moving over the Earth cloud top , " the company said . More conventional viewing parties in Shanghai have been planned along the beach , in a park and in skyscrapers . A music festival has been organized in Japan 's Amami island , with more than 6,000 people expected , and Japanese television has shown rows of tents set up on Akusekijima island . The witnesses of the eclipse will range "  from the farmer who only knows legends of eclipses and may not know this is happening at all to the world 's experts who have come specifically to the Shanghai region to make the most detailed scientific analysis possible , " added Binzel , the MIT astronomer . For James and Kathy Scheffler of Kokomo , Indiana , solar eclipses are not to be missed . They have seen six eclipses , including in Aruba , the Black Sea , Madagascar and the Egyptian-Libyan border , and are now making their way to Shanghai . "  When it happens , there is this dissonance that is set up between what your body knows is supposed to be light and what your eyes are seeing -- it 's suddenly gotten dark . It 's a very , very strange feeling that some people have likened to a religious experience , and you get kind of addicted to that , " said James Scheffler , a cardiologist . "  It 's a very interesting emotional experience as well as the beauty of the event . " Kathy Scheffler added : "  It 's an experience that , first of all very few people in the world will see it , and second of all , it 's a once in a lifetime -- ever -- experience that you ca n't ever duplicate because they are all so different . " CNN 's John Vause , Nishi Kumar , Yoko Wakatsuki , Stephanie Akiko Haschke and Mallika Kapur contributed to this report .	NASA says it will be "  exceptionally long " total solar eclipse ; will cross half the planet MIT astronomer says it could be seen by more people than any other eclipse The path of the total eclipse will stretch across the heart of Asia Some watching events include a cruise , plane trip and a music festival
A Florida man accused of killing his parents with a hammer when he was 17 and then hosting a party pleaded no contest Wednesday to two counts of first-degree murder with a weapon . The move by Tyler Hadley , who previously pleaded not guilty , came less than a month before he was to stand trial for the July 2011 deaths of Blake and Mary Jo Hadley . Hadley could be sentenced , at a maximum , to life in prison without parole . A judge in Florida 's St. Lucie County will hold a mitigation hearing to determine whether Hadley 's youth or other factors should lead to a lesser sentence . A prosecutor told Hadley that he intends to detail the state 's entire case during that hearing , and that because of this , Hadley should n't think that he 's sparing his family the public airing of evidence in court by pleading no contest . St. Lucie Circuit Judge Robert Makemson then asked Hadley whether he wanted to change his mind about the plea . "  No , sir , " Hadley said . Authorities said Hadley beat his parents near and in the master bedroom of their Port St. Lucie home on July 16 , 2011 . In Wednesday 's plea hearing , the prosecution said evidence shows that Hadley had been using drugs and was upset about his parents ' plans to put him into a "  day treatment program . " After killing his parents , Hadley used "  books , files , towels , anything that he could find inside the home to cover the bodies " in the bedroom , Port St. Lucie police spokesman Tom Nichols said at the time . Before the killings , Hadley had posted on Facebook an invitation to a party at his home . Hours after the slayings , between 40 and 60 people showed up for the party , police said . Authorities received an anonymous tip and found the bodies while conducting a welfare check at the house early the next morning . Police said Hadley had dropped out of high school and had taken classes at Indian River State College .	Tyler Hadley killed parents in 2011 , then held party , authorities say Hadley , 17 at time of killings , could be sentenced to life in prison Hadley had previously pleaded not guilty , was weeks from going to trial
CNN  -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a new bill into law Sunday that will fine paparazzi for taking photos that invade a celebrity 's right to privacy . The law also targets media outlets who purchase the photos . Singer Britney Spears ' run-ins with paparazzi took center stage a few years ago when she took an umbrella to a photographer 's SUV . Throngs of photographers often jockey to get the perfect shot of a celebrity , but that does n't mean it 's welcomed . Britney Spears famously had enough one night , taking an umbrella to a photographer 's SUV . In 1998 , Schwarzenegger himself had his car swarmed by paparazzi while he was picking up his child from school . Jennifer Aniston received $ 550,000 and an apology from a photographer who used a high-powered telephoto lens to shoot her in the backyard wearing only panties . Watch how stars impact paparazzi " While paparazzi may get a bad rap for their methods , celebrity columnist Ben Widdicombe said things are not always what they seem . "  A lot of times the shot you see in the magazine is actually orchestrated by the celebrity themselves , " said celebrity columnist Ben Widdicombe . "  Celebrities like Britney Spears , for example , are infamous in the industry for letting their assistants tell the paparazzi when they 'll be leaving the gates . " Celebrity photos can be big business , especially when it comes to major milestones . Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher reportedly pocketed $ 3 million from OK for their 2005 union . Eva Longoria and Tony Parker received $ 2 million from OK for photos of their lavish Paris , France , wedding . Expectant celebrities can also rake in big bucks . People magazine reportedly paid $ 14 million for the first pictures of the Brad Pitt-Angelina Jolie twins . The new California law makes it a crime to take and sell unauthorized photos of celebrities in "  personal or familial activity . " Violators face fines up to $ 50,000 . The anti-paparazzi amendment takes effect in January .	Under new California law , paparazzi can be sued for taking unauthorized photos Media outlets who use photos could also be subject to fines Celebrity columnist claims some photos are planned in advance by celebrities
CNN  -- It 's become as much an integral part of the annual golfing calendar as any tournament . Every year in the week of the Players tournament at TPC Sawgrass , a select few are inducted to World Golf 's Hall of Fame  WGHOF  . But the 2013 ceremony on May 6 is not without a degree of controversy -- thanks to the caustic observations of one of the Hall of Fame 's very own . Members are elected in five different categories -- principally the PGA Tour ballot and the International ballot -- for players who compete outside the U.S. circuit . The criteria for getting on the ballot takes into account how many tournaments you have won -- with extra credit given for the four majors and the Players tournament , which is often dubbed the ` fifth major . " But in the view of American golfer Ray Floyd -- a four time major winner elected to the Hall of Fame in the 1980s -- it has become a club that is too easy to join . Angry Floyd In an interview with Golf Magazine the straight talking former Ryder Cup captain let rip : "  The bar has been lowered . Guys get voted into the Hall of Fame who do n't belong , who lack the numbers . I 'm very upset at the Hall of Fame for that . It 's not fair to the people who went in early . " "  Just look at the inductees over the last six , eight , 10 years , " Floyd added . "  Some years , I do n't even vote because the names are not worthy of induction . One major should not get you into the Hall of Fame -- maybe one major and 40 wins . " "  I 'll just say that you should have at least two majors . At least , " he explained . "  Wow , there are guys in there that it 's a joke . It takes integrity away from the term Hall of Fame , " he added . Floyd did not name names -- but few doubted he was targeting two of this year 's intake -- Fred Couples and Colin Montgomerie . Couples only won one major - the U.S. Masters in 1992 . Montgomerie famously won none , coming second five times . A giant on the European tour and in the Ryder Cup , the Scot never managed to grab one of the prizes all his peers strive for . Stout defense The WGHOF chief operating officer , Jack Peter , told CNN 's Living Golf that he welcomed an honest exchange of views of the merits or otherwise of inductees . "  We love the debate , " he said with a smile . "  It 's an election that we administer and it 's a bit of a ' let the chips fall where they may ' in terms of who gets elected . " But he 's quick to firmly defend this year 's choices , including the major-less Monty : "  What Colin 's body of work has done for the European tour , for the game in Europe , his contribution to the Ryder Cup -- it 's extraordinary . "  And I do n't think because he has not won majors precludes him from the Hall of Fame . We want to celebrate the game . We want to recognize greatness . " It 's possible the controversy could build in years to come . There are several star players -- Lee Westwood , Luke Donald and Sergio Garcia -- who still ca n't win one of the four majors . Lively debate And yet some other major winners in recent years -- Webb Simpson , Keegan Bradley , Ben Curtis -- have won only a handful of other tournaments . But if debate stirs interest , Peter is happy . "  We administer the ballot . Should it be more strict -- maybe ; should it be less strict -- maybe . There 's a number of scenarios here that you could put together to do this , but were pretty comfortable with where we are . "  It is about fame , it 's a vote , and he got the votes . Should he have more wins , less wins , I leave that to you guys in the media " Montgomerie and Couples are joined in the Hall of Fame this year by former U.S. Open champion and broadcaster Ken Venturi ; Ken Schofield , the previous head of the European Tour , as well as the course designer Willie Park Jr , a British Open champion from the 19th century . Who knows what he would have made of it all .	Golf picks its Hall of Fame inductees annually Announcement made at PGA Tour 's Players tournament at Sawgrass Colin Montgomerie and Fred Couples picked in the player category for 2013 Choices have prompting stinging criticism from former great Ray Floyd
The Frisky  -- There are certain families -- like , say , the Coppolas and the Gyllenhaals -- where coolness seems to be infused in the DNA . I 'd like to add another to the list : the Reitmans . Papa Ivan is the producer behind flicks like "  Ghostbusters " and "  Animal House , " and son Jason grew up on his sets . "  I was on the set of ` Animal House ' when I was 11 days old . It had a profound effect on me , " Jason joked this week on "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon . " When he was in his early teens , Jason started working as a production assistant and his dad even cast him in a few small roles . "  I was 13 and my dad gave me a scene in ` Kindergarten Cop ' kissing a girl -- and that was in fact my first kiss , " said Jason . "  My first kiss was directed by my father . You do n't know what it 's like to have to do eight takes of your first kiss while Arnold Schwarzenegger 's pointing a gun at you and your dad 's like , ` Grab her a little more . ' " While Jason probably could have busted into filmmaking by birthright , he decided against directing "  Dude , Where 's My Car ? " which he was offered , and instead worked on short films to gain clout . "  It 's interesting because I avoided working with my dad for a while because I was so sensitive of being accused of the idea of nepotism , " he said . "  I remember when I was 19 years old I started a desk calendar company to pay for my first short film just so I could say one day my daddy did n't pay for my first short film . And I really established myself through the film festival world , starting at Sundance and lots of film festivals and really took on a different style of film from my father . " Soon , Jason directed "  Thank You For Smoking . " Then the amazingness that was "  Juno . " And now , of course , he is the Best Director/Best Picture forerunner with his movie "  Up In The Air , " which is getting all sorts of critical acclaim . "  Up in the Air " is the first project the two worked on together . "  I love my father and we have such a strong bond and I look up to him as a filmmaker and a storyteller , " said Jason . "  So it was great and when I see the credits and it says produced by Ivan Reitman and Jason Reitman , my heart swells . It 's really , really cool . " Ivan echoes that sentiment . "  It 's great to be the producer of this kind of movie and sort of share in its success and the goodwill that comes with it , " he said . "  But as a parent it 's kind of this remarkable emotional moment that 's kind of hard to describe . " And it 's not like Ivan 's career is over -- he has a script in the works for "  Ghostbusters 3 " and the word on the street is that Bill Murray will be making a cameo in it as a ghost himself . Could this family be any cooler ? TM &  2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Ivan and Jason Reitman are the father/son tandem behind award darling "  Up in the Air " The father , Ivan was the producer behind "  Ghostbusters " and "  Animal House " The son , Jason grew up on sets and directed "  Thank You for Smoking " and "  Juno " "  Up in the Air " is the first movie the pair has worked on together
CNN  -- The bodies of two children trapped inside a car submerged in the Edisto River in South Carolina have been recovered , and their mother has been arrested , authorities said Monday . State troopers responded to a report of a car accident early Monday and found a Chrysler sedan in the water near a boat landing in Orangeburg County . Divers discovered the bodies of the two boys , ages 1 and 2 , which were taken from the car and sent to the county coroner for autopsies , authorities said . Their mother is 29-year-old Shaquan Duley , Sheriff Larry Williams told HLN 's Nancy Grace . She was arrested and charged with leaving the scene of an accident . Williams said the boys ' mother walked almost a mile before calling for help . While the woman described the incident as an accident , Williams told CNN that "  it has a stench of foul play . " It was n't immediately known whether Duley had retained an attorney . Williams said he could n't confirm reports that the key was still in the car 's ignition , but he said the car apparently was in neutral . He added Duley did n't appear wet , saying , "  She did n't have any evidence that she had been submerged in the water . " The car went off a boat ramp that is about 10 yards off the roadway shoulder and sits at a 90-degree angle . "  She said she was going down road and lost control of vehicle and happened to be at juncture where boat ramp was , " Williams told Grace . However , he added , "  There 's no evidence that she ran off the road at any time . " The woman says she flagged a motorist down to use a cell phone to call in the incident , Williams said . Police are trying to track down that individual . Duley was questioned "  on and off " Monday afternoon and expected to be booked at the jail sometime in the evening , the sheriff said earlier in the day . The boys ' father , who does n't live at the same residence as the children , has been interviewed by investigators , Williams said . The sheriff said he did n't know the father 's whereabouts at the time of the incident . Duley has a third child , a 5-year-old daughter , who was at the home of her maternal grandmother where they all lived , he said . HLN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Sheriff identifies arrested woman as 29-year-old Shaquan Duley Incident has "  stench of foul play , " Orangeburg County sheriff says Bodies of two children recovered from Edisto River in South Carolina They were trapped in a submerged car ; their mother has been arrested
CNN  -- Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , delivering Thursday 's commencement speech at Harvard University , criticized what he described as a disturbing trend of liberals silencing voices "  deemed politically objectionable . " "  This spring , it has been disturbing to see a number of college commencement speakers withdraw -- or have their invitations rescinded -- after protests from students and -- to me , shockingly -- from senior faculty and administrators who should know better , " Bloomberg said . The billionaire former mayor cited an October speech during which his ex-police commissioner , Ray Kelly , was shouted down by students at Brown University . The university canceled Kelly 's speech when protesters opposed to the police department 's stop-and-frisk policy shouted down and interrupted Kelly . Bloomberg noted other universities have had speakers back out . He pointed to Rutgers , where former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice withdrew amid protests , and Smith College , where International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde withdrew after a student petition . "  In each case , liberals silenced a voice -- and denied an honorary degree -- to individuals they deemed politically objectionable . This is an outrage , " Bloomberg said to applause . An even more glaring example of failing to listen to the opposing side , Bloomberg said , was the longstanding impasse between Republicans and Democrats in Washington , where every major question facing the nation is decided "  not by engaging with one another but by trying to shout each other down . " Bloomberg , who in April pledged $ 50 million to gun control groups he helped organize , spoke about Washington politicians ' handling of gun issues , noting Congress has barred the national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from conducting studies of gun violence , a prohibition that was recently extended to the National Institute of Health . "  What are they afraid of ? " he asked . The Senate this year delayed a vote on President Obama 's nominee for surgeon general , Dr. Vivek Murthy , because the Harvard physician "  had the audacity to say gun violence is a public health crisis that should be tackled , " Bloomberg said to applause . "  Let 's get serious : When 85 Americans are killed with guns every single day , and shootings regularly occur at our schools and universities , including last week 's tragedy at Santa Barbara , it would be almost medical malpractice to say anything else , " Bloomberg said . The former mayor , who received honorary degrees from Harvard along with seven others -- including former President George H.W. Bush and music icon Aretha Franklin -- spoke of the role of universities as places where people of all backgrounds and beliefs can freely debate ideas without that "  sacred trust " being threatened by the "  tyrannical tendencies of monarchs , mobs and majorities . " He recalled when protesters came out several years ago against the development of a mosque a few blocks from ground zero in lower Manhattan . "  We protected their right to protest , " Bloomberg said . "  But they could not have been more wrong . And we refused to cave in to their demands . The idea that government would single out a particular religion , and block its believers -- and only its believers -- from building a house of worship in a particular area is diametrically opposed to the moral principles that gave rise to our great nation , and the constitutional protections that have sustained it . " He added , "  If you want the freedom to worship as you wish , to speak as you wish , and to marry whom you wish , you must tolerate my freedom to do so -- or not do so -- too . What I do may offend you . You may find my actions immoral or unjust . But attempting to restrict my freedoms in ways that you would not restrict your own leads only to injustice . " Bloomberg compared the intolerance of ideas prevalent in the country today to "  McCarthy 's Red Scare " in the 1950s and its destruction of thousands of lives . In the 2012 presidential race , he said , the overwhelming majority of campaign contributions from Ivy League faculty went to Barack Obama . "  Today , on many college campuses , it is liberals trying to repress conservative ideas , even as conservative faculty members are at risk of becoming an endangered species , " he said . After the speech , Sarah Surrain , who completed her master 's degree in education , said Bloomberg was bold to criticize universities as too liberal . "  I thought it was really thoughtful , " she said of the speech . "  It was nice that it was n't just platitudes . " Harvard Law School graduate Jared Nicholson said the speech was "  a great message ... about tolerance of different ideas and diversity of opinions . " Greg Silverberg , an engineering school graduate , said he welcomed the former mayor 's viewpoint . "  He gave some interesting perspectives on conservative views in universities that I had n't heard before coming from a liberal undergraduate institution myself , " he said . "  It was eye-opening for a lot of people . " Before the speech , Cary Williams , president of the Association of Black Harvard Women , questioned why Bloomberg was selected as speaker , because , she said , the NYPD 's stop-and-frisk program "  disproportionately has targeted people of color in New York . " "  It 's basically racial profiling , " junior Keyanna Wigglesworth said of the New York policing policy under Bloomberg . "  And so it 's unsettling to me ,  for  someone to speak who advocates a racist policy when you want students of color on campus to feel comfortable . It 's confusing and I do n't think its what Harvard stands for . " CNN 's Laura Dolan and Dana Garrett contributed to this report .	Former Mayor Michael Bloomberg blasts what he calls silencing of ideas Bloomberg says liberals often silence voices "  deemed politically objectionable " At Harvard commencement , he also blasts impasse between Republicans and Democrats
Washington  CNN  Defying a presidential veto threat , the House of Representatives passed a bill approving the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline . The vote was 266-153 , with more than two dozen Democrats joining nearly all Republicans to pass the measure . It was the first time the legislation passed in the new session of Congress which began Tuesday , but the tenth time the GOP-controlled House has sent a bill approving the pipeline to the Senate . Rep. Justin Amash , of Michigan , was the only Republican to vote "  present , " and 28 Democrats voted to approve the measure . Congressional Republicans have made the pipeline one of their first priorities in the new session , arguing it would created tens of thousands of jobs , and pointing out the measure has received Democratic support . A Senate committee passed its Keystone legislation on Thursday , and the bill is scheduled for a vote later this month . Senate GOP leaders are confident they have enough votes to overcome a Democratic filibuster on the bill , but they do not believe they can sustain a veto . The White House says it 's waiting on the State Department to review a new court ruling that effectively removes a major block to the building of the Keystone XL pipeline . "  The State Department is examining the court 's decision as part of its process to evaluate whether the Keystone XL Pipeline project serves the national interest . As we have made clear , we are going to let that process play out , " Eric Schultz , White House principal deputy press secretary , said Friday . His statement comes after the Nebraska Supreme Court vacated a lower court ruling that was stalling construction of the pipeline , which would run through several states and carry oil from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . Read the ruling President Barack Obama has said he was awaiting final word by the Nebraska court before determining whether to grant TransCanada , the firm building the pipeline , a presidential permit to move forward with remaining construction . The decision reverses a lower court decision that had ruled the pipeline unconstitutional . While a majority of the court 's seven justices sided with landowners who were fighting Gov. Dave Heineman 's plans to OK the pipeline 's construction , a super majority of five justices were needed in order to rule his decision unconstitutional and block the pipeline 's development . Keystone XL pipeline debate : What do I need to know ? Opponents say the pipeline would run a significant risk to the environment , while proponents argue it will boost jobs and lessen American dependence on Middle Eastern oil . The State Department earlier this year released a long-anticipated report saying the completion of the pipeline would have little impact on carbon emissions . "  President Obama is now out of excuses for blocking the Keystone pipeline and the thousands of American jobs it would create . Finally , it 's time to start building , " House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement . Schultz reiterated that Obama would veto the House bill , saying it "  conflicts with longstanding Executive branch procedures regarding the authority of the President and prevents the thorough consideration of complex issues that could bear on U.S. national interests . With Republicans now in control of the Senate , they 've pledged to make the issue a priority in the new Congress . The Senate Energy Committee approved legislation to complete the project on Thursday , and a procedural vote is expected on the measure Monday in the full Senate . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell urged Obama Friday in a statement to reconsider his veto threat and said the Senate would soon pass a proposal to approve the project . "  The president now has every reason to sign it , " McConnell said . Obama on Keystone : ` My position has n't changed ' TransCanada is waiting for U.S. approval to finish construction on 1,200 miles of pipeline known as Keystone XL , which would complete a partially built pipeline network that runs 3,800 miles . The incomplete part of the pipeline would run through Montana , South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Joe Johns , Jedd Rosche and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report .	The House approved a measure approving the Keystone pipeline with a vote 266-153 The Nebraska Supreme Court removed a hurdle for the Keystone XL pipeline project The White House says it 's waiting on the State Department to review the decision
CNN  -- The search continues for a missing Navy pilot in the western Pacific Ocean after two U.S. fighter jets collided on Thursday while operating at sea , a Navy official told CNN on Friday . The two F/A -18 Hornets were operating aboard the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson , the Navy said . "  Initial reports indicate the two jets collided , " the Navy official said . One pilot was rescued and is in fair condition while being treated aboard the aircraft carrier . A Navy cruiser , a destroyer and helicopters have been deployed in the search for the missing pilot , the Navy said . The cause of the crash is under investigation , the Navy said . The jets have not been recovered . The two jets crashed about 290 miles  470 kilometers  west of Wake Island , Navy 7th Fleet spokeswoman Lt. Lauren Cole told CNN . Wake Island is more than 2,400 miles west of Hawaii . Both jets are from Carrier Air Wing 17 , the Navy said , assigned to Strike Fighter Squadron 94 and Strike Fighter Squadron 113 . Pilot found dead after F-15 crash in Virginia CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Search continues for missing pilot ; one rescued pilot is in fair condition Navy official says two F/A -18 Hornets collided in western Pacific The cause of the crash is under investigation , Navy says
CNN  -- The Farnborough airshow attracts exhibitors and visitors from all around the world and is at the heart of developments in the aviation industry . Its runways in Hampshire , England have witnessed many aerospace engineering milestones - including the showcase of the first jet airliner , debut of Concorde and the unveiling of the Typhoon combat aircraft . Initially held every year , Farnborough has been organized biennially since the 1960s , alternating with Paris in hosting the airshow .	Farnborough airshow is one of the biggest gatherings of the airline industry The show is organized biennially , alternating with the Paris airshow Its history can be traced back to the beginnings of aviation development
Washington  CNN  -- As military operations against ISIS continue , there is a less visible , but no less important , diplomatic front , as the United States seeks to recruit new international members and keep Arab nations committed and willing to help strike both within Iraq and Syria . U.S. officials acknowledge this next , nonmilitary phase will be in some ways harder to implement , and even harder to measure . But they say the Arab support without hesitation to military action , traditionally a harder sell , gives them encouragement that the region is committed to putting its various rivalries aside to concentrate on the fight against ISIS . On Tuesday , retired Gen. John Allen , the newly appointed envoy to the global coalition , and his deputy , Brett McGurk , head to the region , where they will press nations to stop the flow of foreign fighters across their borders to join ISIS ' ranks and to stem financing , both considered the lifeblood of the military group . The ranks of the coalition have swelled since its formation began in earnest last month , although is unclear how many have signed on . Speaking at the United Nations last week , U.S. President Barack Obama claimed more than 40 nations , though a day earlier Secretary of State John Kerry put the number at more than 50 . Now the State Department points to more than 60 coalition partners , including the European Union , the United Nations and the Arab League . John Kerry : The fight against ISIS is ` going to go on ' Obama : U.S. misjudged ISIS threat As of Friday , the coalition had carried out more than 200 strikes in Iraq and 43 in Syria , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters . The United States had done the lion 's share of the bombing , although Arab states have contributed significantly . Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Qatar and Jordan all participated in last week 's strikes in Syria . France carried out an airstrike in Iraq earlier this month . The American-led coalition fighting ISIS in Iraq grew by four on Friday -- including Belgium , Britain and Denmark . The U.S. got a major boost when Prime Minster David Cameron of Britain won approval from Parliament , after describing the militants as "  psychopathic terrorists who want to kill us . " British lawmakers approved a limited deployment , but only in Iraq . Syria was n't even on the table , to avoid the same embarrassing defeat the British Prime Minister experienced last year when Parliament rejected his call to join the United States in strikes against Syria , casting doubt on Britain 's reputation as America 's closest ally during times of crisis . More than a military effort Contributors to the effort go well beyond taking part in military operations . Some nations are contributing planes , while others are sending ammunition and weapons to Iraqi and Kurdish forces and special forces to train the Iraqi army . Still others are offering refueling assistance . Canada , Australia , Italy , Germany , Hungary , Estonia , Albania and the Czech Republic all have made contributions to the military effort . But the bulk of the donations is directed toward the campaign against ISIS in Iraq . As in Britain , public opinion in many European nations does not support an air campaign in Syria , out of fear of either starting a wider regional war or helping Syrian President Bashar al-Assad cement his brutal grip on power . U.S. officials say they are not bothered , and suggest the discrepancy is overblown . While support for strikes in Syria is symbolically important , they insist American military might , supported by Arab manpower , is more than sufficient . Moreover , they add , the effort to dislodge ISIS from Iraq , for which they have considerable support from partners , is equally important . Still , the administration does hold out hope that many of its coalition partners will follow Washington 's own playbook -- starting with the effort in Iraq , while building public support for wider involvement to include Syria . Cameron seemed to suggest as much by telling Parliament there was more he wanted Britain to contribute to the coalition effort in time . U.S. aims to cut ISIS oil revenue The effort to cut off funding to terrorist groups is an area where cooperation is much less tangible . Since 9/11 the U.S. has urged its Gulf allies to crack down on private financing to extremists in the region , with mixed results . And since the Syrian conflict began more than three years ago , funding to various Syrian opposition groups has often ended up in the hands of more extremist elements . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Kerry said the threat ISIS poses to the region has been a wake-up call for nations to get serious about stopping the funding , including to Syrian groups . "  State-sponsored support of these groups , I believe , is over -- is ended . There are still individuals within certain countries who have been funneling money to these groups . The theory back in the beginning by many of these people were , well , we 're going to get rid of Assad and then we 'll focus on these bad apples , " Kerry said . "  They realized it morphed into something more ominous , more threatening , and so I think people have really pulled back . " Today , ISIS is not just one of the most dangerous organizations , it is also one of the richest . Beyond private donations , the group has emerged as a ruthless terror corporation , earning millions of dollars every day from black market sales of oil in areas it controls . Oil is smuggled out of Syria by ISIS tankers , driven along secret routes in Turkey 's southern corridor and sold by middlemen and local tribes . Airstrikes against some of the organization 's refineries have sought to limit ISIS ' own use of the crude , but an important new phase of the U.S. coalition effort is focused on getting neighboring countries to clamp down on black markets and networks handling the sale of oil , which is fueling its reign of terror . Looking for new coalition partners Turkey is central to all these efforts . Ankara committed last week to joining the anti-ISIS coalition , but it has provided no details on what it will do . Turkey stayed on the sidelines while ISIS held 49 Turkish hostages , but those hostages were freed September 20 . U.S. officials say they expect Turkey to play a major role going forward in many aspects of the campaign , but its role remains far from clear . Russia , too , has been vague about what role it could play . Last week , Moscow said it would join in the fight against ISIS , but did not mention the coalition and has opposed the strikes in Syria , saying the U.S. should have sought permission from al-Assad . One often overlooked , but critical , aspect of the fight against ISIS is the communications battle . The U.S. is looking for Arab states to undertake a major effort to , in the Kerry 's words , "  reclaim Islam by Muslims , by those to whom it belongs . " The U.S. is urging countries like Saudi Arabia and Egypt to get their clerics to speak out against the group and Arab networks like Al Jazeera and Al-Arabiya to counter ISIS ' sophisticated media machine . The success or failure of that communications effort could ultimately have repercussions for the resolve of a coalition that depends so heavily on buy-in from Arab states . "  I 'm absolutely convinced the coalition is on board . There 's no question about it . And they proved that in the air , in their willingness to join -- historically , to many people 's amazement , they all came together , " Kerry told Amanpour . "  There 's a sense of purpose now in this focus . "	Top American generals and diplomats are headed for Arab countries The anti-ISIS coalition depends on cooperation from Arab nations The United Kingdom and other Western nations joined the anti-ISIS coalition Friday The White House says more than 50 countries are contributing to effort
CNN  -- Sachin Tendulkar hit the fifth double century of his career to help India surpass Sri Lanka 's huge first innings total as the second Test headed for a draw . The man known as the "  Little Master " more than lived up to his billing as he made 203 in India 's mammoth total of 669-9 . Tendulkar was ably assisted by Suresh Raina who made 120 on his Test debut and captain MS Dhoni , who hit 76 , as India finished day four 27 runs ahead in Colombo , leaving the likelihood of a result very slim . Sri Lanka won the first Test of the three-match series in Galle when the retiring Muttiah Muralitharan produced a match-winning performance to become the first bowler to reach 800 Test wickets . India began day four on 382-4 with Tendulkar on 108 not out . By the end of the day 's play they had added an extra 300 runs to crush Sri Lanka 's fleeting hopes of victory . Tendulkar and Raina quickly took India past the follow-on target of 442 as they put together a partnership of 256 -- the third highest fifth-wicket partnership for India in Tests . Raina was the first to go after lunch when he was caught by Kumar Sangakkara off the bowling of spinner Ajantha Mendis for 120 . Tendulkar was eventually removed by Tillakaratne Dilshan , captain Mahela Jayawardene taking the catch . The 37-year-old 's knock took him joint-fifth in the list of double century makers in Tests . Harbhajan Singh followed soon after Tendulkar for a duck but Abhimanyu Mithun proved a valuable companion for Dhoni as the pair put on 51 . Mithun was bowled by Mendis for 41 after taking India past Sri Lanka 's total before Ishant Sharma and Pragyan Ohja held firm until the close of play .	India reach 669-9 on day four of the second Test against Sri Lanka Sachin Tendulkar hits 203 as India pass Sri Lanka 's total of 642-2 declared Suresh Raina makes 120 on his Test debut as draw looks most likely result
CNN  -- The Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up clerical child abuse until the mid-1990s , according to a government-commissioned report released Thursday . The Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation 's 720-page report said that it has "  no doubt that clerical child sexual abuse was covered up " from January 1975 to May 2004 , the time covered by the report . "  The Dublin Archdiocese 's pre-occupations in dealing with cases of child sexual abuse , at least until the mid 1990s , were the maintenance of secrecy , the avoidance of scandal , the protection of the reputation of the Church , and the preservation of its assets , " the report said . "  The welfare of children , which should have been the first priority , was not even a factor to be considered in the early stages , " it said . "  Instead the focus was on the avoidance of scandal and the preservation of the good name , status and assets of the institution and of what the institution regarded as its most important members -- the priests . " Archbishop Diarmuid Martin apologized Thursday in a news conference . "  No words of apology can ever be sufficient , " he said . And Dermot Ahern , Ireland 's justice minister , said he felt a "  a growing sense of revulsion and anger " as he read the report . "  Bottom line is this : A collar will protect no villain , " he said . The commission was set up in March 2006 to look into allegations of child sexual abuse made against clergy in the Irish capital . Its report was completed in July . Although the commission said it was not its place to "  establish whether or not abuse occurred ... it is abundantly clear ... that child sexual abuse by clerics was widespread throughout the period . " One victim , Marie Collins , said those who covered up the abuse were just as guilty as the perpetrators of the crimes . "  How many people accused of abuse are still sitting in parishes today ? " she asked in a Thursday news conference . The commission examined the histories of 46 priests , who were picked as a sample from 102 who had had complaints or suspicions of child abuse raised against them . Complaints from more than 320 children were leveled against the 46 , the report said . But it said that the number of children abused likely exceeded that . "  One priest admitted to sexually abusing over 100 children , while another accepted that he had abused on a fortnightly basis during the currency of his ministry which lasted for over 25 years , " the report said . "  The total number of documented complaints recorded against those two priests is only just over 70 . " In its analysis of the 46 priests , the commission said that all four archbishops -- Archbishops John Charles McQuaid , Dermot Ryan , Kevin McNamara , and Desmond Connell -- who served during the time period covered by the report handled the child sexual abuse complaints "  badly . " "  Not one of them reported his knowledge of child sexual abuse to the Gardai  the Irish police force  throughout the 1960s , 1970s , or 1980s , " the report said . The commission did credit Connell , who took over the archdiocese in 1988 , with giving Irish authorities in 1995 the names of 17 priests against whom complaints had been made -- although it called the number incomplete , saying that there was "  knowledge within the Archdiocese of at least 28 priests against whom there had been complaints . " They said he was "  slow to recognize the seriousness of the situation . " Connell also gave authorities permission to access the archdiocesan files in 2002 . Connell , a cardinal , apologized in a written statement . "  I wish to express without reservation my bitter regret that failures on my part contributed to the suffering of victims in any form , " he said . "  Although I am all too aware that such apologies and expressions of regret can never be adequate as a response to so much hurt and violation and , in any case , lose their value through repetition , I apologize again now from my heart and ask the forgiveness of those who have been so shamefully harmed . " The report named 11 priests who had pleaded guilty to or were convicted of sexual assaults on children . Of the other 35 , it gave pseudonyms to 33 of them and redacted the names of two . The report shot down the notion that church leadership was unaware of the problem . "  The Archdiocese of Dublin and other Church authorities have repeatedly claimed to have been , prior to the late 1990s , ` on a learning curve ' in relation to the matter , " it said . However , it said McNamara , Ryan and McQuaid had information on complaints against at least 17 priests when the Archdiocese took out insurance in 1987 to cover future compensation claims and lawsuits related to sexual abuse allegations . "  The taking out of insurance was an act proving knowledge of child sexual abuse as a potential major cost to the Archdiocese and is inconsistent with the view that Archdiocesan officials were still ` on a learning curve ' at a much later date , or were lacking in an appreciation of the phenomenon of clerical child sex abuse , " it said . The report also said church officials perpetuated the problem by ignoring allegations and in some cases simply moved an alleged abuser on to another parish -- leaving him free to abuse another group of children . Thursday 's findings follow a report that came out in May , detailing allegations of child abuse in various institutions across Ireland from the 1940s to the present . Though both reports deal with child abuse , they are not related , having been written by two separate commissions investigating two different subjects . The May report looked at child abuse in lay institutions , including reformatories , hospitals , orphanages , children 's homes and industrial schools across the country . Some of those institutions were linked to religious orders , but none were strictly religious schools . Speaking last month after the Irish High Court cleared the way for Thursday 's report to be made public , Irish Justice Minister Dermot Ahern said he was pleased the information would not be kept private . "  I have always made it clear that I have been anxious to put the report into the public domain as quickly as possible , while at the same time not wishing to do anything which would prejudice the chances of any of the people involved in these evil deeds being brought to justice , " Ahern said in a statement . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	New report examines abuse abuse between January 1975 and May 2004 Earlier report detailed allegations of child abuse in institutions across Ireland Some of those institutions were linked to religious orders Archbishop Diarmuid Martin : "  No words of apology can be sufficient "
CNN  -- Manchester United was left reeling Sunday after a demoralizing loss to arch-rival Liverpool that kept it a dozen points adrift of a Champions League spot but there was respite for under-fire manager David Moyes and his team Wednesday . The Red Devils advanced to the quarterfinals of this season 's Champions League by thumping Olympiacos 3-0 thanks to a Robin van Persie hat-trick , thus overturning a 2-0 first-leg deficit . They were joined in the last eight by 2013 finalist Borussia Dortmund , which like United is struggling domestically but has enjoyed success in Europe . Dortmund overcame Zenit St. Petersburg 5-4 on aggregate despite losing 2-1 Wednesday . Before the game , Moyes -- one bookmaker lists Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp as the favorite to succeed the Scot -- denied reports that he had clashed with Ryan Giggs and van Persie . The 40-year-old Giggs was reinserted into the starting lineup at Old Trafford as part of four changes from the 3-0 defeat to Liverpool -- and he made an impact . Also helping Manchester United was Olympiacos ' poor record in England : The Greek side has played 12 times -- and now lost on each occasion . "  I said to  my team  on Monday morning we have to win 3-0 , give the crowd something back because the crowd here has been incredible , " Moyes , the successor to managerial giant Alex Ferguson at United , told Sky Sports . "  They deserved a good night because we have n't given them many good nights this season . "  I 'm not feeling pressure from inside the club . It 's all coming from you people , " Moyes added , referring to the media . "  I know the job I have to do . It 's a big job . It 's way bigger than maybe we all expected when we came in . "  But the players have been great . I keep hearing about this one has fallen out or someone else has fallen out and I keep telling people it 's rubbish -- and it is rubbish . " Van Persie , who led United to the league title last term , and Wayne Rooney were isolated in the loss to Liverpool , with the Dutchman spending the majority of his time in midfield instead of up front . That was n't the case Wednesday . Bookings , a collision that left United winger Antonio Valencia with a swollen eye and a glaring miss by Olympiacos ' Hernan Perez highlighted an action-packed opening 15 minutes . And when Rooney struck the post in the 18th minute , some of the United fans must have thought this might not be their night . Giggs , however -- and not for the first time in his stellar career -- split open the Olympiacos defense with a diagonal ball that reached van Persie . Referee Bjorn Kuipers pointed to the spot when the striker was pushed by Jose Holebas and van Persie made no mistake as he picked himself up in the 25th minute . Olympiacos did n't crumble . It was always a threat on the counter and David De Gea , now firmly settled in Manchester , made a sparkling double save in the 40th minute . But Olympiacos was dealt a blow when van Persie converted Rooney 's low cross -- after Giggs ' pivotal ball -- in first-half injury time . "  I thought Giggsy was fantastic , " said Moyes . "  Sometimes you might be thinking , ` You 'll need to come off after 60 minutes ' but he 's a freak . He really is . He 's something different . " Only six minutes after the break van Persie completed his hat-trick with a low free kick . Olympiacos pushed forward and although De Gea had to be sharp , he and the United defense held firm to the delight -- and relief -- of most of those at Old Trafford . Van Persie limped off in the dying stages but Moyes said his injury "  does n't look that bad . " Dortmund progresses Zenit St. Petersburg -- which named Andre Villas Boas as its new manager this week -- faced a difficult task since it trailed 4-2 after the first leg in Russia but Hulk 's stunning long-range effort in the 16th minute provided the visitor with hope . Once midfielder Sebastian Kehl leveled in the 39th , though , it was almost impossible for Zenit St. Petersburg to progress . Even after Jose Rondon made it 2-1 for Zenit in the second half , it still needed two more goals . Dortmund 's joy was tempered by a yellow card to striker Robert Lewandowski that rules the Pole out of the first game of the quarterfinals and Kehl was displeased with the home crowd , too . "  Maybe they wanted to see a 6-1 win , but that does not happen every day , " he told reporters . "  We have had a lot of injuries this season , but this result shows we are well prepared . " Defending champion Bayern Munich , Barcelona , Real Madrid , Chelsea , Atletico Madrid and Paris St-Germain join Manchester United and Borussia Dortmund in Friday 's quarterfinal draw .	Man United overturns a first-leg deficit and advances in the Champions League Dutchman Robin van Persie scores a hat-trick in a 3-0 win over Olympiacos The win at Old Trafford boosts United 's under-pressure manager David Moyes Borussia Dortmund also advances to the last eight in the competition
CNN  -- It 's a good thing I did n't know exactly how dangerous a trip I was embarking on , because when I left home in October 2013 to fly to Sudan , I was scared enough . What I had committed to was , quite frankly , the most "  impossible " thing I 'd ever tried to accomplish . Three months earlier , over dinner , I 'd learned about a doctor in Sudan 's Nuba mountains , Dr. Tom Catena , who was treating thousands of people -- many of them children -- who 'd had limbs blown off in the Sudanese government 's bombing raids . By coincidence , we 'd just posted an article to our website about Richard Van As , an amazing inventor who created a low-cost , 3-D printed prosthetic hand . So , over a second beer , I raised the possibility -- would n't it be cool if we brought printers over to Sudan and made arms for these kids ? The story might have ended there -- one of those plans you cook up over dinner and forget by breakfast . Really , what can one person do in the face of such widespread sorrow thousands of miles away ? But when I got home and looked up Dr. Catena , I read about one of the patients he 'd treated : Daniel -- a 12-year-old boy who , in attempting to protect himself from an aerial attack , wrapped his arms around a tree . The tree protected his body , but both his arms were blown off by the bomb that exploded those few meters away . The amputation and hospital treatment had saved his life , but when Daniel woke and realized what had happened he said he wished he would have died . It was one of the most heart-wrenching stories I 'd ever read . It was 11pm . I looked down the hallway to where my three boys were sleeping and thought , "  What if it were my kid ? " What if this happened to them and somebody out there could help them -- and did n't ? In that moment , I realized I could n't just close the computer , get a glass of water and go to bed . I had to do something . Going to Sudan try to help thousands of people was way too daunting . There was no way I could get my head around that . I could n't help the many . But I could help one . I could help Daniel . Crash course in 3-D printing Mind you , at the time I knew very little about 3-D printing , and even less about prosthetic arms . So I did what I always do : surround myself with smart people , shut up , and absorb their brilliance . I brought together all the experts -- including the great Van As himself -- to give me a crash course in 3-D printing and prosthetic arms . Step 1 : 3-D print the files . Step 2 : Soften orthoplastic in hot water , then wrap it around the patient 's limb to mold the custom-fitted , medical-grade , breathable plastic that will anchor the printed components . Step 3 : Attach the hand and the gauntlet , and thread the cabling through each digit , running it back to an attachment point behind the patient 's wrist or elbow . The motion of the wrist  up and down  or elbow  side to side  then pulls on the cabling and draws the fingers to a close . In short , the cables tense and release around a pivot point . The crash course done , and just three short months after that initial dinner , I found myself in Yida -- a desolate , dusty refugee camp in South Sudan -- a home to 70,000 hungry and desperate people , driven from their homes by bombing campaigns and unimaginable horrors . I set up shop in an old toolshed and got ready to make a working mechanical arm . Despite the heat  which kept melting the printing filament  and the bugs  which kept jamming up the 3-D printer motors  , I managed to get the 3-D printers working and set about making an arm ... for a real boy , now sitting five feet away from me . That boy I 'd read about that night in my kitchen back in July . Daniel . Meeting Daniel Daniel was non-communicative when we first met . He stared , sullen and resigned , off into the middle distance . I gave him my tablet to play with while I worked , and he did what any other teenager would do : found a video game and started playing . Only he used his stumps instead of his fingers . Little by little , he began to trust me and started to show some interest in what I was doing . Every time I got frustrated , or something was n't working right , I just had to look over at Daniel and nothing else mattered . I had to make it work . After a few days , and a few failures , we managed to fit an arm on Daniel . He was n't yet strong enough to make the motion that would make the hand clench -- that would come later -- but he could manipulate the hand to his mouth . I fitted it with a tin spoon and took him to the mess tent . We sat him in front of a bowl of goat and pumpkin stew . It was here , for the first time in two years , that Daniel fed himself . He looked over at me and , slowly , a little smirk curled his lips . He turned back , looked at the small crowd that had gathered around him , broke into the biggest grin you 'd ever seen , then went back in for more . I knew then , that I had stumbled upon something way bigger than myself , bigger than Daniel , and bigger than that one meal . It was the idea that by helping one , you have the potential to help many -- and that might just be the secret to it all . The reality , I believe , is that all change starts small . The big picture is just too unwieldy , too incomprehensible and seemingly immovable . But give us something individual , quantifiable and personalize-able and , suddenly , our perspective shifts to the one . Just one step . Just one mile . Just one dollar . Just one kiss . Just one person . When we look at life through the lens of "  one , " everything becomes that much more attainable . By the end of the week , I was in Sudan 's Nuba Mountains where Dr. Catena 's hospital continues his work . With a steady stream of solar power , I gathered a roomful of locals -- some invited , some not -- and taught them how to 3-D print . Most of them had never seen a computer before , and none of them had ever seen a 3-D printer . Yet , there we were , getting ready to start a hand-making factory , excited about the possibility of making arms for other amputees . As I was packing up to leave , we all talked about what we wanted to accomplish . We talked about how many limbs we wanted to make , how many people we wanted to help , how many arms we wanted to have done by the time I return . And I stopped myself . "  It does n't matter how many we make , " I told them . "  We 'll get there , eventually . "  For now , just make one . " Interactive : How 3-D printing will reshape the world The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mick Ebeling .	Aged 12 , Daniel lost both his arms to a bomb in Sudan American Mick Ebeling read about his plight and decided to help Ebeling learned how to 3-D print a new arm for Daniel He traveled to Sudan and taught locals to 3-D print limbs for others
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Close allies since the Soviet days , India and Russia marked the first decade of their strategic partnership with a slew of agreements at their annual summit Tuesday . In their talks , visiting Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reviewed cooperation in military , technical , energy , high-technology and telecommunications . Both pledged to boost two-way trade , an area they accept as a weak part of their multi-faceted relationship . The two countries aim to achieve a trade target of $ 20 billion by 2015 , up from about $ 7.5 billion last year , a joint statement issued at the end of the meeting between the Russian and Indian leaders noted . "  The sides recognized that considerable potential exists for mutually beneficial investments by the Russian Federation and India in the privatization programs and programs aimed at fostering technological innovation in their respective economies , " it read . India and Russia share a robust collaboration in defense , with Moscow supplying more than 60 percent of military hardware to New Delhi . Apart from 11 agreements the two countries signed during the Medvedev-Singh news conference , a contract for joint design and development of fifth-generation fighter aircraft was also being concluded on the margins of the current summit , officials say . India 's Hindustan Aeronautics Limited and Russia 's Sukhoi Design Bureau and Rosoboronexport will be involved in the proposed project , according to the External Affairs Ministry . Other pacts the two nations reached sought greater collaboration in a range of fields , such as information technology , hydrocarbons and in the vital nuclear energy sector . At present , two nuclear power plants are being built in southern India with Russian assistance . Talks , Singh noted , were on for the construction of additional Russian-designed reactors . "  Both sides expressed satisfaction with the progress in bilateral cooperation in the nuclear-energy sector and looked forward to further broadening and strengthening ties in this area , " the joint statement said . India attaches a huge priority to its ties with Russia , which it calls a time-tested friend . "  Russia is a time-tested friend of India that has stood by us in our times of need in the past . Ours is a special and privileged strategic partnership . It is a partnership that has and will continue to develop independent of our relations with other countries , " Singh remarked . The two nations forged a strategic partnership in 2000 and have since been holding summits every year . "  Our talks have been comprehensive and result oriented . We have signed several important agreements covering a large number of sectors . This reflects our mutual desire to bring our cooperation in other areas at par with our traditionally strong cooperation in the defense and nuclear fields , " Singh told reporters . Medvedev 's trip to New Delhi follows similar trade-promoting visits by U.S. President Barack Obama , France 's Nicolas Sarkozy and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao .	Talks between Medvedev and Singh cover a range of issues Russia supplies India with more than 60 % of its military hardware supplies The two sides have held summits every year since 2000
CNN  -- A bipartisan group of lawmakers in Washington State voted Wednesday in favor of a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage , putting Washington on the path toward becoming the seventh state in the nation to legalize marriage for gay and lesbian couples . "  With today 's vote , we tell the nation that Washington state will no longer deny our citizens the opportunity to marry the person they love , " said Gov. Chris Gregoire , a Demorcrat who has vowed to sign it . "  We tell every child of same-sex couples that their family is every bit as equal and important as all other families in our state . And we take a major step toward completing a long and important journey to end discrimination based on sexual orientation . " The law will go into effect in June , when the legislative session ends , unless opponents halt its implementation by putting it on the November 2012 ballot . The 55-43 vote in the House included two Republicans in support of the bill . The Senate vote last week was 28-21 and included four Republicans . "  Like thousands of other same-sex couples , my partner Eric and I are very grateful for these protections that the law now provide , " said state Rep. Jamie Pedersen , a Democrat , moments before the vote . "  But domestic partnership is a pale and inadequate substitute for marriage . " In America : Inside my society-destroying family State Rep. Jay Rodne , a Republican , disagreed . "  Marriage is about life , " he said . "  It 's about joining that man and that woman as husband and wife and mother and father , linking them with their natural-born children or adoptive parents and carrying forward our civilization . " The National Organization for Marriage , which opposes the law , has said it will seek to gather the 120,577 signatures needed to put the issue to voters as a referendum in November . The group did not immediately return a call . Joseph Backholm , director of the Family Policy Institute of Washington , has said the issue should be put to a public vote . "  If we as a state are going to take the position that mothers and fathers are interchangeable and replaceable , if we are going to send a message to fathers and potential fathers in this state that it is n't important to be in the lives of their children because dads specifically do n't matter , that is something we should all do together , " he said last month . Preacher : Why I fight for traditional marriage But Thalia Zepatos , director of public engagement for Freedom to Marry , questioned the fairness of a vote . "  Is it appropriate for all the voters to vote on the rights of a small minority group of people ? " she asked . Advocates of same-sex marriage have followed several paths toward legality in Massachusetts , Vermont , New Hampshire , Connecticut , Iowa , New York and the District of Columbia . "  In each state , the question of marriage has come up either through the courts , through the legislatures or directly at the ballot , " Zepatos said . "  I think this demonstrates the growing support nationally amongst Republicans , Democrats and Independents who see that allowing committed and loving , same-sex couples to get married does not take anything away from the marriages of their friends , neighbors and family members . " The benefits of same-sex marriage translate into benefits for the larger community , said Zepatos , citing one study that predicted $ 88 million in additional spending would occur in Washington once the practice becomes legal . "  It 's a real boost for small business in particular , " she said . Preacher : Why I support same-sex marriage In 2009 , Maine state legislators passed a same-sex marriage bill that drew subsequent challenges by opponents who pushed for a referendum that ultimately overturned the law with 53 % of the vote . Proponents are trying to get it back on the ballot this year . Gay rights advocates have already garnered thousands of signatures in an effort to force a second referendum in November . In California , a 2008 public vote outlawed gay and lesbian couples ' right to wed. . Two years later , a federal district court overturned the voter-approved measure known as Proposition 8 , saying couples were unfairly denied their rights . A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday against California 's ban , arguing that it unconstitutionally singles out gays and lesbians for discrimination . Sound off on iReport : What 's your view ? The ban has remained in place during the appeals process and could soon get a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court . Similar battles have unfolded in Maryland , where same-sex marriage opponents have pressed for referendums to counter bills that appear to enjoy growing support in their state houses . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this story	NEW : Opponents want the matter put to a public vote The bill is up for the governor 's signature The legislation was approved in a 55-43 House vote
CNN  -- The constant battle for Internet security saw another brazen attack this week as Russian hackers published millions of passwords they collected after hacking the professional-networking site LinkedIn . Then , hours later , dating site eHarmony announced that a "  small fraction " of its users -- others were saying 1.5 million -- were compromised by a similar attack . Security professionals suspect the same hackers may have done it . "  That 's what we think , " said Graham Cluley , a senior technology consultant with Sophos Security . "  It was shared in the same places . The content is very similar . And the timing . All of these factors just make it seem like too much to be a coincidence . " It 's enough to make some Web users throw up their hands . If the sites we use on a daily basis ca n't keep our password data secure , how are we supposed to keep ourselves safe ? But security experts say there are still plenty of steps we can take  even if too many people are n't following them  . How to check if your password was stolen Password-management firm LastPass has released a secure tool to see if your password was among the more than 6 million stolen from LinkedIn . LastPass created a similar tool for people worried about the security of their eHarmony accounts . Your password still matters Even in cases such as the LinkedIn breach , when it 's a website , not a personal account , that 's being hacked , the strength of your password can still help keep you safe . On sites such as LinkedIn , stored passwords are "  hashed , " meaning the site uses an algorithm to encode them . So , even if hackers get the data , they still have to unravel them before they 're useful . "  Do n't give up . Do n't think this is all futile , " Cluley said . "  Choose a long , hard-to-crack , unique password . Not dictionary words . Not a sequence of numbers -- use something that basically looks like gobbledygook . Those will be tougher for the bad guys to crack . " In the case of LinkedIn , there are reports that as many as 60 % of the encrypted passwords stolen have been decoded , raising questions about the strength of its security system . Be careful of post-hack e-mails When there 's a well-publicized security incident on a well-known website , online crooks are more than happy to pile on . In the wake of the LinkedIn hack , security professionals were already reporting incidents of users receiving "  phishing " attempts -- e-mails that look like official communications from LinkedIn . Instead , these messages try to get users to reveal personal data that identity thieves could be use . Or they include links that , when clicked on , can install malware on an unsuspecting user 's computer . "  We are investigating the exact details but in the meantime please DO NOT CLICK on links in email to change or verify account information , at LinkedIn.com or on any other membership site , " Cameron Camp of ESET Smart Security wrote on the company 's blog . "  Instead , navigate to the site directly by typing in the address bar in your browser . " Use different passwords for different sites Cluley notes that the hackers who attacked LinkedIn and eHarmony may not have even been interested in information from those sites . In many cases , they 'll be trying to use the passwords they find on other sites and accounts . Many banks require additional information to log in . But accounts such as Amazon , eBay and PayPal , for example , could be compromised if the user has one password across multiple sites . "  If you get hacked in one place , you get hacked everywhere , " he said . Lots of folks complain about how hard it is to remember multiple passwords . But there are free online tools that will store and use them for you . Cluley mentioned several , including KeePass , 1password and LastPass . Cluley recommends those tools over letting your Web browser store passwords for you , because there have been cases of security flaws in some browsers , which hackers have exploited to access user data .	Hackers breach LinkedIn , eHarmony sites , stealing millions of passwords Security experts say tricky passwords can still help thwart thieves Avoid "  phishing " attacks in e-mails disguised to look official Free tools let you store multiple passwords for multiple sites
NEW YORK  CNNMoney.com  -- U.S. President Barack Obama set his green plan into action Monday , potentially reversing several Bush-era decisions on global warming and fuel efficiency . U.S. President Barack Obama signs orders Monday on vehicle emissions and fuel efficiency standards . In his first major environmental acts as president , Obama directed his Environmental Protection Agency to review a California application to regulate greenhouse gases and told his Department of Transportation to begin implementing fuel efficiency standards passed last year but not implemented by the Bush administration . He also pushed for passage of the $ 825 billion economic stimulus package in the House and Senate . Those bills include money for investments in renewable energy , conservation and a better electric grid . "  No single issue is as fundamental to our future as energy , " Obama said at a White House news conference . "  It is time for this moment of peril to be turned into one of progress . " California emissions : Under the Clean Air act , California has long sought to tighten its air quality standards . To achieve those standards , California would likely require cars to emit fewer greenhouse gases . Currently the federal government does not regulate carbon dioxide emissions - the main culprit in greenhouse gases . The Bush administration recently denied California 's request saying that new federal fuel standards made stricter rules there unnecessary . Obama said his administration will review that decision . Any change in policy would likely take months to implement . "  Let me be clear : Our goal is not to further burden an already struggling industry ; it is to help America 's automakers prepare for the future , " said the president . The environmental community applauded the move . New emission standards could result in vehicles that get better gas mileage . "  With these actions our new president is not just stepping up to the threat of climate chaos , " Dave Hawkins , head of the climate center at the Natural Resources Defense Council , wrote on his blog . "  The cleaner cars he will help put on the road will show us the way to reduce our dangerous dependence on oil and will push automakers to make the cars that the world will want and need in the 21st century . " The auto industry , which has opposed California 's effort to raise its air quality standards , said in the past it will result in an expensive patchwork of emissions standards and force them to build different cars for different markets . Seventeen other states may adopt California 's rules if the Obama administration allows it , representing over half the vehicle market . On Monday General Motors said it is trying to make more efficient vehicles , but said any standard must be "  workable . " "  GM is working aggressively on the products and the advance technologies that match the nation 's and consumer 's priorities to save energy and reduce emissions , " the company said in a statement to CNN . "  We 're ready to engage the Obama administration and the Congress on policies that support meaningful and workable solutions and targets that benefit consumers from coast to coast . " Chrysler had no comment , and Ford could not be reached . It 's possible automakers would simply make their entire fleet conform to the stricter standard - thus upping fuel efficiency standards for the whole nation . It 's also possible the auto industry would make different cars for different markets , perhaps not selling certain bigger cars in states that adopted the new standard . Either way , most analysts said it would raise prices for everyone . "  Anytime you have to comply with two different sets of standards , it 's more expensive , " said Eric Fedewa of CSM Worldwide , an automotive research company . Fedewa also said having two different standards could be a challenge for the auto industry at this time - they are currently losing money and have recently received billion in taxpayer support . Federal fuel efficiency rules could be more easily relaxed if the industry had a hard time complying , he said . "  It 's in our nation 's best interest to be under a common strategy , " he said . Fuel efficiency standards : Regardless of what California does , Obama also moved to implement higher fuel efficiency standards passed in 2007 . Those increases - the first in more than 30 years - called for raising the average fuel economy from 27.5 miles a gallon for cars and 22 miles a gallon for trucks to 35 miles a gallon for the whole fleet by 2020 . Obama said the increased standards would save 2 million barrels of oil a day . That 's about 10 % of the country 's total oil consumption , and roughly the same amount the country currently imports from the Persian Gulf . "  This rule will be a downpayment on a broader and sustained effort to reduce our dependence on foreign oil , " said the president . The new standards , originally supported by Bush , were put on hold during his last days in office , in response to the woes facing the auto industry . The industry has long opposed raising fuel economy standards . It has argued that the new rules are expensive and unnecessary since it already makes fuel efficient cars . Stimulus : Obama also called on Congress to pass the $ 825 billion stimulus plan currently under debate in both houses . Tens of billions of dollars are allocated for energy programs under both plans . The House version contains $ 20 billion in tax incentives for the industry that are intended to get money flowing back into a sector particularly hard hit by the financial crisis and help Obama meet his stated goal of doubling renewable energy production in the United States in three years . It also contains $ 10 billion to modernize the countries aging electric grid , including money for a so-called smart grid . The smart grid basically involves digitizing and connecting the country 's aging utility grid . Experts say it will result in greater efficiency because appliances will be able to turn on and off when electricity is cheapest , consumers will have more information about how much electricity they are using , and when and where they are using it . The smart grid is also essential if various forms of renewable energy like wind and solar are to be used . The House version of stimulus also calls for billion in conservation money for federal buildings , public housing , and homeowner incentives . "  America will not be held hostage to dwindling resources , hostile regimes and a warming planet , " said Obama . "  This is the boost that our economy needs and the new beginning that our future demands . "	Obama orders review of California request to regulate greenhouse gases U.S. president orders government to implement fuel efficiency standards Automakers oppose plan as an expensive patchwork of laws Former President George W. Bush stopped earlier attempt for state standards
CNN  -- A whirling black and yellow mechanical beast swoops in to battle a deadly wildfire . For victims , it 's like the cavalry coming to the rescue . They call it the Firehawk. Los Angeles County Fire Department senior pilot Tom Short talks about this helicopter like it 's a super chopper . "  Having been in all of the aircraft that are out there fighting fires , the Firehawk is the best firefighting machine I 've ever seen -- simply because of what it does , " Short told CNN on the phone this week . "  It does everything : fire , rescue and air ambulance . " Basically it 's a U.S. Army Black Hawk helicopter outfitted with a giant water tank . This thing is engineered to get hellishly close to the heat of a raging inferno . Its dual souped-up engines can lift 9,000 pounds -- about the same weight as a large recreational travel trailer . In preparation to dump water over flames , the Firehawk 's snorkel can suck 1,000 gallons of water into its storage tank in the span of one minute . "  We really work these machines very hard . During some fires , Short said , "  I 've made over 100 drops in one day . " A firefighting super-chopper is especially valuable now , as California braces for what may be one of the worst wildfire seasons on record . How worrisome is it ? The state 's firefighting agency , Cal Fire , has responded to more than 2,500 wildfires in 2014 -- a huge increase in the average number of fires at this point in the year , the agency says . In May , several fires in San Diego County forced thousands of residents from their homes and charred more than 31 square miles . The season usually does n't ramp up until summer or fall .	The Los Angeles County Fire Department uses three Firehawks to combat wildfires Pilot Tom Short worries that California 's drought will make for a difficult wildfire season Firehawk , a version of the Army 's Black Hawk , can load 1,000 gallons of water in 60 seconds
CNN  It 's safe to say Matthew McConaughey nailed it during his audition for "  Dazed and Confused . " We already know the actor went on to become a superstar who immortalized the words "  All right , all right , all right , " but thanks to the wonders of the Internet , we can watch the magic begin during his tryout for the film . A video of McConaughey 's audition is making the rounds in honor of the Criterion release of the 1993 Richard Linklater film . There 's the young actor looking majorly relaxed  he is playing a stoner , after all  and tossing off lines like "  That 's what I love about high school girls , man . I keep getting older , but they stay the same age . " Here are some other stars who also set out to wow casting directors with their takes on characters . Robert De Niro auditions for ` The Godfather ' De Niro did n't snag the role of Sonny Corleone  that went to James Caan  in the epic film , but we suspect that director Francis Ford Coppola saw something he liked in the then-lesser known performer , as De Niro was cast as the young Vito Corleone in "  The Godfather II . " Scarlett Johansson 's ` Jumanji ' audition Even as a little girl , Johansson had star power and beauty . She makes going out for the role of Judy Shepherd look effortless  though the part eventually went to Kirsten Dunst  . Jimmy Fallon 's ` SNL ' audition "  Saturday Night Live " made him a star , and now he 's a big-time talk show host . But years ago , Fallon used his celebrity impressions of stars like John Travolta , Jerry Seinfeld , Chris Rock and Adam Sandler to get his foot in the door . Chris Colfer 's ` Glee ' audition Colfer slayed when he tried out for the role of Kurt Hummel . You can hear the delight in the room when he sings "  Mr. Cellophane . " Gabourey Sidibe 's ` Precious ' audition This one is pretty deep . Sidibe shows off her acting chops as she reveals , in character , that she is HIV-positive . Mark Hamill 's ` Star Wars ' audition It now seems incomprehensible that anyone but Mark Hamill could have played Luke Skywalker in "  Star Wars , " but who knows what would have happened had he not done as well in his 1977 audition . Rachel McAdams audition for ` The Notebook ' You 'll probably have a better reaction to McAdams ' tryout for "  The Notebook . " The film made her a part of pop culture , but the actress cringed when "  Today 's " Matt Lauer surprised her with her audition tape .	McConaughey 's audition tape shows the actor before he was a star De Niro , Johansson , Sidibe among those with audition tapes online Rachel McAdams cringed at her audition for "  The Notebook "
CNN  -- The midair collision of two small planes about 50 miles from Washington is under investigation by Canadian officials because one plane was owned by an FAA employee and the other by an NTSB employee , federal officials said Tuesday . On Monday afternoon , a Piper PA-28 registered to a Federal Aviation Administration employee and a Beechcraft BE-35 owned by a National Transportation Safety Board employee collided in flight above Fauquier County , Virginia , authorities said . The pilot and a passenger of the BE-35 were killed , but the owner and pilot of the PA-28 survived with injuries , authorities said . NTSB Chairman Deborah A.P. Hersman consulted with FAA Acting Administrator Michael Huerta and requested the Transportation Safety Board of Canada investigate the incident , she said in a statement Tuesday . "  This accident hits especially close to home , with the involvement of an NTSB employee , " Hersman said . "  I 'm grateful to TSB-Canada Chair Wendy Tadros for agreeing to conduct the investigation and the NTSB stands ready to support and assist them in any way we can . " An NTSB investigator will serve as a U.S. liaison to Canadian investigators , authorities said . The midair collision happened about five miles south of the Warrenton-Fauquier Airport around 4 p.m. Monday . "  One plane has been destroyed by fire , " Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said on Monday . "  In that plane , which is believed to be a six-seater aircraft , two bodies have been recovered . State police are in the process of identifying the pilot and passenger . " The second plane 's pilot , an adult male , was transported to Mary Washington Hospital in Fredericksburg , according to state police . The two planes crashed to the ground approximately a mile apart from one another , state police said . Parts of the planes and debris were scattered between the two crash sites in a secluded and difficult to access area , state police said . The cause of the crash remains under investigation , state police said . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Canada will investigate midair collision of two small planes One plane was owned by an FAA employee and the other by an NTSB employee The pilot and passenger of the plane owned by NTSB employee were killed The pilot of the other plane is injured
Tobruk , Libya  CNN  -- Aysha Ahmed and Attique Saleh lived in silence for more than four decades under the ironfisted rule of Moammar Gadhafi . But not anymore . Not after they watched their daughter manhandled and dragged away from a Tripoli hotel . Eman al-Obeidy 's parents told CNN Tuesday they are no longer afraid to publicly condemn the Libyan strongman , an act that would have been unthinkable just weeks ago . If Gadhafi were to face Ahmed now , she would slap him , she told CNN Tuesday . Al-Obeidy burst into the hotel housing international journalists in Tripoli Saturday and told them she had been raped by 15 militia men . Cameras captured the drama as al-Obeidy , sobbing and screaming , wanted the world to know the brutality of Gadhafi 's regime . The Libyan government said al-Obeidy has been freed and that a criminal case is underway . The men accused of raping al-Obeidy have filed counter-charges for slander , Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim said Tuesday . But Ahmed contradicted the government , saying the government was still detaining her daughter , in an interview in the eastern city of Tobruk . She said she wanted Gadhafi to air footage of al-Obeidy as proof of her safety . Ahmed said she can not forgive the grave injustice her daughter has suffered . She said the family has even received phone calls offering bribes to reject their daughter 's claims and to tell their daughter to change her story . But they stand by her . They believe that Gadhafi 's regime is trying to discredit her as a woman who has been raped and -- as some people in conservative Muslim societies believe -- therefore dishonored . An in-absentia engagement ceremony held at a mosque in Tobruk Monday night proves that al-Obeidy 's family and tribe stand by her , Ahmed said . She described her daughter , 29 , as a kind , caring woman who wanted to be a journalist . She chose to study law instead when she realized there was no freedom of the press in her homeland . The government first portrayed al-Obeidy as mentally ill and a prostitute . It has since changed its story , saying she is sane and therefore able to withstand legal proceedings . She also harbored a deep love of languages , particularly Italian and French , Ahmed said . As a young girl , she looked out over the deep blue waters of the Mediterranean and called on the oil tankers to carry her to France . A government spokesman said Sunday that al-Obeidy had been released and was with her family . Moussa Ibrahim said then that al-Obeidy and her family were asked if they wanted to be interviewed by "  one or two , preferably female , reporters to verify that she 's fine , she 's healthy , she 's free with her family . " He refused to take further questions on the issue , repeatedly stating that Libyan society is "  very conservative . " A group of lawyers and human rights activists tried to approach al-Obeidy 's sister 's house Monday , but were blocked by security forces . The sister 's mobile phone has apparently been turned off , a source with the opposition in Tripoli told CNN , and no one has seen her since the incident at the hotel . Ahmed said she was also concerned for the safety of her other daughter . Al-Obeidy stormed into the Rixos Hotel as international journalists were having breakfast Saturday morning . Her face was bruised . So were her legs . She showed reporters blood on her right inner thigh . Speaking in English , she said had been held against her will for two days and raped by 15 men . Though her injuries appeared consistent with what she said , CNN could not independently verify al-Obeidy 's story . "  Look at what Gadhafi 's brigades did to me , " she said . "  My honor was violated by them . " Al-Obeidy displayed what appeared to be visible rope burns on her wrists and ankles . Government officials tried to stifle her , but she persisted . Security forces moved to subdue her , and even a member of the hotel 's kitchen staff drew a knife . "  Traitor ! " he shouted . Another staffer tried to throw a dark tablecloth over her head . One government official , who was there to facilitate access for journalists , pulled a pistol from his belt . Others scuffled with reporters and wrestled them to the ground in an attempt to take away their equipment . Some journalists were beaten and kicked . CNN 's camera was confiscated and deliberately smashed beyond repair . As security forces subdued the screaming woman and dragged her away , al-Obeidy warned , "  If you do n't see me tomorrow , then that 's it . " CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	Eman al-Obeidy 's parents are angry about their daughter 's treatment The are no longer afraid to condemn Gadhafi They say the regime is still holding al-Obeidy An investigation continues in the case
CNN  -- Surveillance video shows Tucson shooting suspect Jared Loughner walking up to Rep. Gabrielle Giffords at a constituent event and firing point blank at her face , the Washington Post reported Tuesday , citing two sources who have seen the videos . The bullet from his 9mm Glock entered Giffords ' head just above her left eye and exited from the back of her skull , the sources said . Giffords is in serious condition at University Medical Center in Tucson . A second , unnamed victim is listed in good condition , the hospital said . The videos showed that U.S. District Judge John Roll was killed while covering Giffords ' district director Ron Barber , who was one of 13 people wounded in the January 8 shooting outside a Tucson supermarket , the Post 's sources said . Six people , including Roll , were killed . The sources told the Post that Loughner fired 32 rounds -- one more than his 31-round magazine held . Investigators believe the 32nd round was already in the weapon 's chamber when he loaded the magazine . Legislation banning the kind of multiple-round ammunition magazine used shootings was introduced Tuesday evening in the U.S. House . Democratic Rep. Carolyn McCarthy of New York introduced the measure banning "  large capacity " ammunition magazines , defined as those that hold more than 10 rounds . Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , will introduce similar legislation in the Senate later this month . "  I know what it 's like to have tragedy brought to your life in a split-second by a madman with high-capacity ammunition magazines , " said McCarthy , whose husband was killed and son seriously wounded by a gunman on the Long Island Railroad in 1993 . "  I 'm working to stop it from happening again . " "  This nation has come together before to support this simple , common-sense measure , and it is the law in several states right now , " she said Tuesday afternoon . "  It is a small sacrifice that law-abiding gun owners can make once again in order to increase everyone 's safety . " The manufacture and sale of new large-capacity magazines were outlawed under the assault weapons ban that was in place from 1994 until 2004 , when Congress let it expire under President George W. Bush . McCarthy 's legislation would also apply to previously manufactured magazines . The measure includes exemptions for law enforcement and security purposes . "  High-capacity gun magazines are tools for murder , " Lautenberg said . "  This common-sense legislation would make it more difficult for someone to carry out a killing spree . " The Washington Post report says that Loughner , 22 , shot Giffords from about two or three feet away and then turned to his left , firing on people -- not shown in the video -- who were seated or standing in line for the event . Then , the sources told the paper , he turned back to his right and shot Barber , 65 . "  Judge Roll starts to push Barber down on the ground and lay on top of Barber , and they start to scamper under the table , but Roll is on top , " one source said , according to the newspaper . "  At that point , you can see the suspect shoot Roll . Roll gets shot in the back , then he sort of appears halfway on the other side of the table . He starts to look over his right shoulder , and then he lays back down . It took out his aorta is what the autopsy showed . " The sources said that video ends at that point , but others show Loughner firing until he runs out of ammunition , when he was tackled by people attending the event . Meanwhile , a law enforcement official said Tuesday that federal and local authorities have conducted more than 300 interviews with family members , friends , neighbors and others as part of the probe into the shooting . The number of federal personnel deployed in the investigation hit a high of about 250 people , including agents , analysts and evidence response teams , the official said . The FBI has substantial resources in Arizona and was able to supply about 200 of those people , the official said . An additional 50 people came from FBI offices in Washington , D.C. , and Quantico , Virginia , and also from other federal law enforcement agencies such as the U.S. Marshals Service , the U.S. Capitol Police and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , the official said . The total number has now dropped to less than 250 people , the official said . Local law agencies had assigned about 130 people to the investigation as well , but the official did n't know the current figure . The Washington Post reported the parents of alleged gunman Loughner have not been able to provide much information and have told authorities they had little recent contact with Jared . When asked about this , the official said the parents have been cooperative , but did not assess how useful their information has been in the investigation . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Video shows the congresswoman was shot first , sources tell the Washington Post NEW : The judge died trying to protect another victim , the sources say NEW : U.S. Rep. McCarthy introduce legislation banning large-round magazines McCarthy 's husband was killed by a gunman on the Long Island Railroad in 1993
CNN  -- A top lieutenant in a Mexican drug cartel has been arrested in northern Mexico , federal police said in a statement Wednesday . Rogelio Segovia Hernandez , who heads the armed wing of the Juarez cartel , was arrested in Chihuahua on Tuesday . A reward of about $ 240,000 had been offered for his arrest , federal police said . Authorities said at the time of his arrest , he had a pistol , grenade and at least six bags of an undisclosed amount of cocaine . Intelligence provided by the federal police indicated Segovia , 30 , was the principal operator for La Linea in the activities of drug trafficking distribution , kidnappings and killings in towns near Ciudad Juarez as well as Chihuahua . Segovia was being investigated in extortion of large sums of money from businessmen in exchange for "  freedom from aggression " from La Linea , according to police . He was also a suspect in the August 25th , 2008 , execution of five people at a ranch in the town of Aldama , Chihuahua . The Mexican attorney general 's office offered a reward for Segovia 's capture in May .	Rogelio Segovia Hernandez heads the armed wing of the Juarez cartel Authorities say he had a pistol , grenade and cocaine at the time of his arrest Segovia was accused of extortion of large sums of money from businessmen in exchange for protection
Washington  CNN  -- Abortion rights supporters and opponents hit the streets of the nation 's capital Friday to mark the 37th anniversary of Roe v. Wade , the landmark Supreme Court ruling establishing a woman 's constitutional right to terminate a pregnancy . Anti-abortion activists held a rally on the National Mall and marched to the Supreme Court , followed by a walk to Capitol Hill to urge legislative action . An annual March for Life has been held in Washington since 1974 . "  We want to change people 's hearts and minds and help them to know that abortion ... is not necessary and really undermines the rights of women , " U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops spokeswoman Deirdre McQuade told CNN . "  We 're working toward the day when abortion will not only be illegal but unthinkable . " Abortion rights supporters , led in part by the National Organization for Women , planned their own rally and vigil on the steps of the high court . "  A fetus is not a life , sorry , " NOW President Terry O'Neill told CNN . "  And no , nobody 's religious conviction justifies taking women 's ability to shape their own futures away from them . " Activists on both sides of the highly divisive issue believe there is a chance the conservative-leaning high court could eventually overturn the 1973 ruling . Questions regarding abortion rights have played a key role in the health care reform debate . A number of abortion rights supporters believe a bill passed by the House of Representatives in November does not do enough to provide access to reproductive services . Many abortion rights opponents say legislation approved by the Senate in December does not go far enough to ensure taxpayer dollars are not used to fund abortions . CNN 's Paul Courson , David de Sola and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	37 years ago Roe v. Wade established a woman 's right to terminate pregnancy Activists on both sides of abortion issue hit streets in Washington March for Life wants law that protects life from "  biological beginning " Abortion rights supporters led by National Organization for Women plan rally , vigil at Supreme Court
CNN  -- Unbelievable . That 's how a police captain described the case . A 39-year-old woman in Utah is in custody , accused of murder , after authorities found the remains of seven infants at a home where she used to live . "  During the course of the investigation , information was obtained that over a 10-year period a 39-year-old female gave birth to the infants and then killed them . The female was booked into the Utah County Jail on six counts of murder , " Pleasant Grove , Utah , police said in a statement . Capt. Michael Roberts identified the woman as Megan Huntsman . It was not immediately clear why she faces six , not seven , counts of murder . The bodies were found at a home where Huntsman had lived until 2011 , said Roberts , adding that the residence is currently occupied by family members of her estranged husband . People were cleaning out the garage , saw a suspicious bag , opened it and found the remains of the first infant , he said . "  A search warrant was obtained for the residence and during the execution of the warrant , officers discovered six additional infant bodies . Each infant was found packaged in separate containers , " the police statement read . According to Roberts , a second search warrant was issued for Huntsman 's current home , but nothing of interest was found there . She is expected to appear in court either Monday or Tuesday , he said . Louisville woman charged after newborn found dead in Kohl 's restroom Mother drives van , 3 kids into waves Mom kills two of her children during attempted exorcism	The infants ' bodies were discovered at a home where the woman used to live Authorities identify the woman as 39-year-old Megan Huntsman They say she gave birth to the babies and then killed them
CNN  -- Tough economic times are taking a toll across the spectrum of business and individual activity -- and the country 's institutions of higher learning are no exception . Andy Warhol is one of the artists in Brandeis University 's acclaimed Rose Art Museum . Brandeis University , in Waltham , Massachusetts , will be taking an extraordinary step to preserve its educational mission -- the school 's board of trustees voted Monday to close its acclaimed Rose Art Museum . The university will sell every one of the approximately 6,000 items in the museum , opened in 1961 . "  These are extraordinary times , we can not control or fix the nation 's economic problems , " university president Jehuda Reinharz said . "  We can only do what we have been entrusted to do -- act responsibly with the best interests of our students and their futures foremost in mind . " University spokesman Dennis Nealon said that the move to sell off the museum 's exhibits was "  a very hard and painful decision " but a necessary one for the school 's survival . He said the decision , which calls for the museum to close in the summer , will not affect the university 's "  commitment to the arts and the teaching of the arts . " The facility will become a fine arts teaching center with an exhibition gallery and studio space , he said . The museum 's collection includes iconic paintings by such luminaries of American art as Andy Warhol , James Rosenquist , Robert Rauschenberg , Jasper Johns , Alex Katz and Roy Lichtenstein . Nealon said most of the museum 's acquisitions are paintings and sculptures . The school has not undertaken a recent appraisal of the works , Nealon said , adding that the process may take as much as two years to complete . Brandeis , founded in 1948 , is the only non-sectarian , Jewish-sponsored university in the country .	Brandeis trustees vote to close Rose Art Museum , sell collection University spokesman says "  painful decision " necessary for school 's survival Collection includes iconic paintings by Warhol , Johns and Lichtenstein Brandeis is the only nonsectarian , Jewish-sponsored university in nation
CNN  -- A Denver Broncos fan who disappeared during a game five days ago simply had "  had his fill of football " and decided to take a walk to "  somewhere warmer , " police said Wednesday . Paul Kitterman , 53 , was found safe Tuesday night in Pueblo , Colorado , about 110 miles south of Denver 's Sports Authority Field at Mile High . Though the Pueblo Police Department released additional details about Kitterman 's disappearance , questions will probably persist among his family and friends . One pal told CNN early Tuesday she was sure that "  something bad " had happened to him . Kitterman was attending his first game with his stepson , Jarod Tonneson , and two friends who sat in another section in the stadium for the Thursday Night Football showdown . The four had ridden from Kremmling , Colorado , together . Despite it being his first experience at a Broncos game -- and the Broncos leading 14-7 at halftime in a matchup with division rivals , the San Diego Chargers -- Kitterman apparently decided to leave the game while Tonneson was in a bathroom . Pueblo police got a report Tuesday that a man fitting Kitterman 's description was in a Kmart parking lot . Police found him in good health , and he "  was speaking and answering questions intelligibly that were asked of him , " according to a police statement . Asked why he vanished , he told an officer that he had "  had his fill of football and decided to go for a walk , " the statement said . He wanted to walk "  somewhere warmer , " it said . Kitterman further told police he 'd ditched his Broncos hat so no one would recognize him and "  mentioned sleeping in treed areas and in bushes during his journey to Pueblo , " the statement said . Kitterman said he was tired , so police chaplains arranged a room for him , and police called his family to pick him up . Before Kitterman was found in Pueblo , Tia Bakke , one of the friends with whom he attended the game , told CNN this type of behavior was not customary of him . He was not intoxicated , and he had no mental health issues , she said . "  Paul is the best guy you could ask for . They do n't make them like Paul anymore , " said Bakke , who met Kitterman through her boyfriend , who has known Kitterman for a decade . He 'd been known to get away -- to ride his horse or go camping -- but he always told people where he was going , Bakke said . Making matters more complicated was that police could n't track him via a cell phone or credit cards . He did n't care for either , friends and family said . The family is not releasing any details , according to stepdaughter Tawna Tonneson 's Facebook post , which also said that Kitterman was safe and back with his family . "  We thank everyone again for everything y' all did to help us , " the post said . "  I knew God was walking by our side . " CNN 's Ana Cabrera , Justin Lear , Steve Almasy , Jean Casarez and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I knew God was walking by our side , " stepdaughter posts on Facebook Paul Kitterman decided he wanted to walk "  somewhere warmer , " police say The Broncos fan , 53 , disappeared from a game against the Chargers last week Police : He slept in bushes and discarded his hat so no one would recognize him
EW.com  -- AMC is already calling Saul again . The network announced Thursday that it had picked up a second season of "  Better Call Saul , " the "  Breaking Bad " spin-off starring Bob Odenkirk , before the first episode of the show has even aired . And speaking of season 1 : The first of those highly anticipated 10 episodes , which was originally slated to debut in November , has been pushed back a few months and will now premiere in early 2015 , according to AMC . The 13-episode season 2 is scheduled to hit the air in early 2016 . "  Breaking Bad " creator Vince Gilligan , who is serving as co-showrunner and executive producer of Saul , will direct the first episode of the series , which will serve as a prequel and chronicle the adventures of underhanded attorney Saul Goodman before he teamed up with meth kingpin Walter White  Bryan Cranston  . The network also released the first official photo from the set , which features Odenkirk , Gilligan , and Peter Gould , the "  Bad " co-executive producer who created the Goodman character and is serving as Saul 's other co-showrunner/executive producer . "  Production on Better Call Saul is underway and we could not be more proud of nor more excited about the work to date . We join the fans in eager anticipation for this series and today we happily confirm that our initial Saul order is for two seasons and a total of 23 episodes , " said AMC president Charlie Collier in a statement . "  When introducing any series , especially one with the DNA of Breaking Bad , there are countless factors to consider in making sure the show gets the launch it deserves . We have a strong history with Vince , Peter , Bob , the studio and so many involved with this production ; we are enjoying the process on ` Saul ' and all share a focus on making it a true television event . No half measures . " The project reunites many members of the "  Breaking Bad " team besides Gilligan , Gould , and Odenkirk . Jonathan Banks , who played fixer Mike Ehrmantraut on the original series , is a member of the cast , and Bad writer-producers Thomas Schnauz and Gennifer Hutchison are among Saul 's scribes . New cast members include Michael McKean , Patrick Fabian , Rhea Seehorn , and Michael Mando . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A second season has already been ordered Season 1 has been pushed back to 2015 "  Breaking Bad " creator will direct the first episode
CNN  -- I grew up under the impression that I was the best trick-or-treater in the whole wide world , because my grandmother invented it ! The whole thing was her idea ! My grandmother and her friend UNICEF started it way back when she was born in the early 1500s . I thought UNICEF must be a pretty cool lady if she was hanging out with my grandmother . Occasionally I 'll ask people if they know about UNICEF , and sometimes they do n't . But if I then mention the little orange Trick-or-Treat boxes on Halloween , suddenly everyone knows UNICEF . We grew up carrying those Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF boxes on Halloween night , and now our kids do . These days , the candy bags may be fancier than pillowcases , and the costumes may come from the store , but the orange boxes remain the same . In 1950 when Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF began , kids simply decorated old milk cartons to collect change . The idea was as simple then as it is today : On Halloween , besides asking for candy , why not also ask for UNICEF donations ? Nothing that might sting , nothing big -- just the pennies , nickels , dimes and quarters that normally languish behind the couch , in old winter coats , on the floor of the car , or in the good ole spare-change-bowl-by-the-door . The money that falls through the cracks -- so American kids may raise a little money for their peers who are suffering , far away from costumes and candy . Since Halloween 1950 , that "  simple plan , " that "  nothing big , " has raised more than $ 144 million for UNICEF . That 's $ 144 million in pennies , nickels , dimes and quarters ! For many kids who are threatened by disease , natural disasters and war in places like Somalia , Bangladesh , Myanmar and too many other developing countries , this spare change has meant the difference between thriving and merely surviving , health and illness , even life and death . In fact , the $ 144 million in small change has contributed to some remarkable news : About 50 years ago , the number of children who died every day from preventable causes before their fifth birthday was more than 50,000 . Three years ago , that number was 25,500 . Despite a recession , despite the continuing effects of a global food crisis , despite other seemingly unbeatable odds , that number has now dropped to 24,000 . Trick-or-treaters like you and me , your kids and mine , and members of civic groups like Key Club , can feel some pride that we have helped make this happen . But the appalling fact remains : 24,000 children die every day from preventable causes like hunger , measles , pneumonia and tetanus . The vaccines , medicines and technologies that can prevent and treat such illnesses already exist . Not one child should die from these illnesses in the year 2009 . It 's projected that Americans will spend about $ 4.75 billion on Halloween this year , buying everything from candy and costumes , smoke machines and life-size inflatable lawn ornaments . But I bet that this year , like last year and many years prior , there 's still change behind that couch and in those old coats . We need that simple plan : A "  nothing big " again this year . Not only to help those children , but to teach our own kids . We can get 24,000 down to zero . And we can show our kids that they can make a difference ; that every penny counts , that they can save a child and change the world . So they 'll carry the boxes now , you and I can fill the bowl by the door to the brim and be ready , and this year Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF can make that change . It turns out that although my grandmother did establish the U.S. Fund for UNICEF , and was president for over 25 years , and while she was a great lady , she did not , in fact , invent Halloween . Or trick-or-treating . She just perfected it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ta Leoni .	Ta Leoni suggests that trick-or-treaters ask for UNICEF donations along with candy Actress urges readers to gather up their spare change for a worthy cause Small donations help keep children from dying of hunger and disease Leoni 's grandmother established the U.S. Fund for UNICEF and was its president
CNN  -- Conspiracies abound , Alex Jones will tell you . Bankers pull the strings on world governments to solidify their power . Companies are harming you and ducking responsibility . Antidepressants are "  suicide mass murder pills . " President Barack Obama is using drones against Americans . And the collapse of the World Trade Center towers on September 11 , 2001 , was engineered by the government . Now , he 's attacking CNN host Piers Morgan , depicting the British native of being a "  red coat " out to step on Americans ' rights and calling for his deportation . In recent segments on Morgan 's show , Jones accused him of wanting to take Americans ' guns , hurling insults at Morgan in between shouted arguments . "  You 're a hatchet man of the new world order . You 're a hatchet man , " Jones told Morgan on Monday . "  And I want to say this right here , you think you 're a tough guy ? Have me back with a boxing ring in here , and I 'll wear red , white , and blue , and you can wear your Jolly Roger . " It 's just all in a day 's work for Jones , who simply sees himself as a bulwark against efforts by everyone from the Gates Foundation -- run by Microsoft founder Bill Gates -- to conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh to undermine the free world . Rolling Stone once called him "  the most paranoid man in America . " In a commentary on his website , Jones objected to the use of the word "  paranoid , " but otherwise corroborated the accuracy of the Rolling Stones article , which described an extreme distrust of prominent world institutions , leaders and media figures . Jones , who started out on one radio station in 1996 , espouses his theories on a three-hour daily syndicated radio program he says is carried on 140 stations . It also streams over the Internet and listeners also can dial in by phone . Jones also appears as a guest on "  Conspiracy Theory " with former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura , as well as on Fox News , Russia Today and mainstream television networks and cable stations in the United States and Britain , according to his Genesis Communications biography . He 's cranked out more than 15 films , according to his website biography , all espousing predictions of a dire future . Titles warn of a coming "  Police State , " the impending "  Fall of the Republic " and the undermining of American society by Obama -- who Jones says is paving the way for world dominance by corporations and banks . He also has a YouTube channel and two websites -- Infowars.com and PrisonPlanet.com -- but they nearly duplicate each other in format and content . Jones ' official biography on Infowars cites Thomas Jefferson and George Washington as influences and describes him as "  a dedicated and aggressive Constitutionalist " defending the Bill of Rights . That includes support for the Branch Davidian church , which gained notoriety during a 1993 shootout and ensuing 50-day standoff with federal agents in Waco , Texas . Later , Jones led an effort to rebuild the church , according to his biography . His aim with his radio show , website and films is to convince and warn , intensely . "  They say the pen is mightier than the sword , " Genesis Communications touts , "  but in the case of Alex Jones , the microphone is mightier than depleted uranium . " The Anti-Defamation League says Jones surpasses conservative radio host Glenn Beck for anti-government hostility , placing both on the "  extreme fringes . " In 2009 , Psychology Today said Jones hand picks facts to drive home his theories . It posed the question : "  When does incredulity become paranoia ? " "  Information is the conspiracy theorists ' weapon of choice because if there 's one thing they all agree on , it 's that all the rest of us have been brainwashed , " writes psychologist John Gartner . Their theories range from "  suspicion to full-on paranoia , " he writes , and they see arguments to the contrary by others as attempts to cover up the evidence . Jones , of course , does n't see it that way . Arguments in favor of gun control , for instance , are nothing but blunt efforts to demolish democracy and usher in a new age of totalitarianism . "  They 've taken everybody 's guns but the Swiss and the American people , " he told Morgan Monday . "  And when they get our guns , they can have their world tyranny while the government buys 1.6 billion bullets , armored vehicles , tanks , helicopters , predator drones , armed now in U.S. skies , being used to arrest people in North Dakota . "	Alex Jones espouses conspiracy theories over more than 100 radio stations He says he believes globalist bankers want to establish world dominion Jones supported the Branch Davidian church , famous for the Waco standoff of 1993 His website biography says he has made more than 15 films
CNN  -- What has been made clear by current events and financial upheavals since 2008 is that the global economy has become truly that -- global . The near meltdown we experienced a few years ago made it clear that our economic health depended on dependence on each other to do the right thing . Davos 2013 : New year , same old problems ? We are now closer to having an economic community in the best sense of the term -- we work with each other for the benefit of all . I think we 've all become aware of the fact that our cultures and economics are intertwined . It 's a complex mosaic that can not be approached with a simple formula for the correct pattern to emerge . In many ways , we are in unchartered waters . The good news , in one respect , is that what is done affects us all . There wo n't be any winners or losers as this is not a competition . It 's a time for working together for the best of all involved . Never before has the phrase "  we 're all in this together " had more resonance or relevance . Quest : U.S. economy to dominate Davos 2013 My concern is that the negligence of a few will adversely affect the majority . I 've long been a believer in the "  look at the solution , not the problem " theory . In this case , the solution is clear . We will have to leave borders behind and go for global unity when it comes to financial stability . Is this possible ? Is this a new frontier ? Yes and no . There is the fait accompli strategy -- stay under the radar -- and the passive aggressive strategy , acts of terror used to paralyze and so on -- so the bottom line must be balance . Rationality must rule . There are philosophical approaches to economics . However , at this point , we do n't so much need philosophy as we need action . Which way to proceed is the question . Defterios : Why Egypt 's transition from its Arab Spring is so painful You ask about Europe in crisis as an opportunity for investment . I see the world in crisis at the moment . I 'm a firm believer that there are always opportunities whether the markets or up or down , but it requires insight and sometimes creativity to see those opportunities . I have no doubt that the balance we need will be achieved , but it wo n't happen overnight . Europe is a tapestry that is dense , colorful and deserving of continued longevity and prosperity . There are many pieces that must be carefully fitted together in order to thrive . Read more : Election season bluster : A Trump call for ` revolution ! ' Our challenge is to acknowledge those pieces and to see how they can form a whole that works together well without losing any cultural flavor in the process . It 's a combination of preservation along with forward thinking . Europe is a terrific place for investment . I am proud to have built a great golf course in Scotland after searching throughout Europe for five years for the right location . I 've seen many beautiful places . The future of Europe , as well as the United States , depends on a cohesive global economy . All of us must work toward together toward that very significant common goal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donald Trump .	Europe is a tapestry . Dense , colorful and deserving of continued longevity and prosperity , writes Trump Trump says he has long been a believer in the "  look at the solution , not the problem " theory The future of Europe , as well as the United States , depends on a cohesive global economy
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- A South Korean fishing boat and its four crew members were heading home Saturday after being held for a month in North Korea , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported . South Korean fishing boats anchored at Geojin port , Goseong , South Korea , August 1 . The Yeonan-ho and its crew were handed over to a South Korean patrol boat waiting at the sea border Saturday evening , Yonhap reported , citing South Korean maritime police . North Korean officials captured the vessel and its crew July 30 after the boat strayed deep into North Korean territorial waters , North 's Korean Central News Agency reported at the time . South Korea 's Defense and Unification Ministry said the 29-ton vessel had been returning from its fishing operations and mistakenly crossed seven miles into North Korean waters in the process , according to Yonhap . South and North Korea have remained in conflict since the conclusion of the Korean War in 1953 . The war ended in a truce but no formal peace treaty was ever signed . Rapprochement talks between the two sides hit a wall after conservative South Korean President Lee Myung-bak took office in early 2008 . He had a tougher stance toward the North than his liberal predecessor , Roh Moo-Hyun . Tensions between the two were heightened in July when North Korea launched seven short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan . The launches came after North Korea conducted a nuclear test on May 25 and threatened the United States and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . Several steps in the past week have hinted at a thaw in relations , however . Last week , the two sides had the first high-level , cross-border contact in nearly two years . On Friday , the countries reached an agreement on future reunions for families separated for decades by the Korean War . The agreement on reunions came after three days of talks between the two sides , mediated by the Red Cross , in North Korea , Yonhap reported . Reunions will be held from September 26 to October 1 at Mt. Keumgang , Yonhap reported .	Reunions for divided families to be held from September 26 to October 1 Agreement comes after three days of talks mediated by Red Cross Talks were first cross-border contact between North and South in two years
Thailand 's Constitutional Court has dismissed caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office , ruling that she is guilty of violating the country 's constitution for reassigning a senior security official in 2011 . "  The defendant has abused her position as prime minister , " said the judge in the ruling . "  Her prime ministership has ... ended . " The court ruled that nine cabinet ministers who attended a meeting over the decision to transfer the official were also to be removed from office . Deputy PM and Commerce Minister Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan has been nominated by the cabinet as the next caretaker prime minister , Secretary General to the Prime Minister , Suranand Vejjajiva , told CNN . Yingluck 's dismissal , which analysts say will only deepen Thailand 's protracted political crisis , was brought about by a lawsuit filed by anti-government senators . They accused Yingluck of abusing her power by unlawfully transferring National Security Council chief Thawil Pliensri from his role in September 2011 , alleging the move was intended to benefit her Pheu Thai Party and a family member . Thawil was replaced by the then national police chief , whose role in turn was later given to Priewpan Damapong , a relative of Yingluck . In March , Thailand 's Supreme Administrative Court ruled the transfer unlawful and Thawil was reinstated . In the wake of the court 's ruling , Yingluck thanked her cabinet ministers , government officials and supporters . "  It 's been two years , nine months and two days that I worked as prime minister and every day of those two years , nine months and two days was a proud day , " she said . "  I will always stand by the people . " ` More protests and dysfunction ' Analyst Paul Quaglia , director at PQA Associates , a Bangkok-based risk assessment firm , said the development set the scene for "  more protests and more dysfunction in the days ahead . " "  Her supporters will look at this as what they call a judicial coup , which is one of the red lines they 've drawn about all of this , " he said . He said the case against Yingluck were "  pretty weak , " and that abuse of power was a "  pretty grandiose term to describe what went on . " "  What she is accused of doing is approving the removal of a military officer from a civil servant 's job in 2011 . This is pretty routine , " he said . "  Her supporters of course will view this as a technical pretext by the court simply to get rid of her and get rid of this government . " For the "  yellow shirt " political bloc opposed to Yingluck , who came to office in a landslide win in 2011 , her ouster would be a welcome cause for celebration , he said . "  It was the last stop on the track for them -- the army had refused to get into it , to stage a coup . They had n't won any other battles , so it falls to the judiciary to get the job done to get rid of this elected government . " Yingluck defended herself against the charges in court Tuesday . "  I did n't do anything against the law , " she said . "  I have performed my duty in the administration with the intention of benefiting the country . " Yingluck had led a caretaker administration since parliament was dissolved in December , ahead of a general election in February that was disrupted by anti-government protesters . The Constitutional Court subsequently ruled the election invalid . The protests had been sparked in November by Yingluck 's government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for the return of her brother -- the polarizing former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra -- to the political fray in earnest . Military coup Thaksin , a telecommunications tycoon , was overthrown in a military coup in 2006 and has since lived in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction , which he says is politically motivated . The anti-government protesters , drawn mainly from Bangkok 's middle class , royalist establishment , allege that Yingluck is her brother 's puppet and seek to rid Thai politics of her family 's influence . In contrast , the "  red shirt " supporters of Yingluck and her brother , many of whom are poor and hail mainly from rural areas in the north of the country , accuse the court of bias against their side . Thaksin 's Thai Rak Thai political party was dissolved by the court in 2007 . Observers are now watching how both camps , who have large rallies planned in the capital over the coming week , respond to the verdict . Political tensions have occasionally spilled over into deadly violence during the current crisis . "  For the first time in Thailand 's history of political discord , we have opposing camps threatening to stage demonstrations in relative proximity to each other in Bangkok , " said Quaglia . "  We could see some trouble , frankly . " He said the government had been "  dealt a blow , but not a fatal blow " by the court . Under the caretaker administration , key infrastructure projects and policy decisions had already been placed on hold until after elections scheduled for July 20 . "  We are headed one way or another towards elections at some point . I do n't know how peaceful those elections will be or what the landscape will look like between now and July 20 , " he said . Yingluck 's opponents have campaigned against elections , arguing the alleged corruption of their political rivals meant that widespread reforms were necessary before any meaningful vote could be held , said Quaglia . Anti-government protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister for the Democrat Party , has called for power to be transferred to an unelected "  people 's council . " "  The Pheu Thai Party ... want to have elections . They know they will win those elections . Their opponents , the Democrat Party , say ` No , we ca n't have elections , ' because they know they will lose those elections . Therein lies the rub , " said Quaglia . Yingluck also faces a charge brought by the National Anti-Corruption Commission over a controversial state rice-buying scheme . The commission 's ruling is expected this month .	Thailand 's prime minister has been ousted from office by a court ruling The court said she had abused her position by removing national security chief from post The move throws Thailand into deeper political turmoil Deputy PM Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan will be nominated as the new PM
CNN  -- A four-vehicle U.N. convoy was struck by a blast from an explosive device Tuesday in Syria , the United Nations said . No U.N. personnel were injured , but three vehicles were damaged , said Ahmad Fawzi , spokesman for Kofi Annan , special envoy to Syria for both the United Nations and the Arab League . The attack on the vehicles happened around the same time government forces opened fire on a nearby funeral procession , according to opposition groups . Twenty-three people were killed and 100 were injured in that attack , Avaaz , one of the groups , said . Another opposition group , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , described dozens of people falling to the ground after government forces fired on them using heavy machine guns . Videos posted on YouTube purported to show what happened . CNN can not confirm their authenticity . In one , the U.N. observers ' vehicles appear to in the midst of chaos in Khan Cheikhoun , part of Idlib province . Shoes are strewn about on the street and people can be seen gathering near the stopped vehicles . Suddenly , there is a loud bang and plumes of smoke drift up into the sky . The camera flashes to what looks to be the front of the U.N. convoy , showing one of the vehicles with its hood now popped open . After a few seconds , the vehicles drive away . "  The Assad army is shelling the observers ' vehicles in Khan Cheikhoun ! " someone yells . A second video allegedly shows the attack on the funeral procession . A voice taunts what appears to be security forces . "  Are you going to shoot us , or what ? You dogs , shoot ! " the man shouts . Seconds later , the forces open fire and people scatter , fleeing the area . Idlib was the site of some of the heaviest violence Tuesday , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . At least 63 people were killed , including 33 in Idlib , eight in Homs , seven in Deir Ezzor , five in Hama , four in Banyas , four in Damascus suburbs , one in Hasakeh and one in Daraa , the group said . SANA , the state-run news agency , said terrorists were preparing a bomb in Banyas when it exploded , leaving "  scores " of people dead or wounded . A 3-year-old child died in the collapse of the building , SANA said . Two law enforcement personnel were killed -- one in Daraa and one in Homs , the agency reported . Throughout the uprising against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad , Syria has blamed the violence on "  armed terrorist groups . " The jihadist Al Nusra Front has denied a claim that it was behind dual suicide bombings that killed 55 and wounded hundreds in the Syrian capital last week . A video purportedly from Al Nusra Front released Saturday said that government buildings in Damascus were targeted "  because the regime continues to shell residential civilians . " But a statement this week from Al Nusra Front said the video "  is full of fabrications . " "  We never received any confirmation , acknowledgment or denial from our military sector in the front , " the group said . Dissidents accuse the Syrian regime of staging attacks to smear the opposition and to try to link rebels to terrorist groups such as al Qaeda . Syrian forces carried out a siege Tuesday at Raqa University in northern Syria after a massive demonstration and fired live ammunition at a college student demonstration in Aleppo , the Local Coordination Committees said . Some rebels say they have had to sell their cows , cars or their wives ' jewelry to buy guns and bullets to fight . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria for 42 years . International pressure against al-Assad 's government ratcheted up this week , with European Union foreign ministers imposing new sanctions against the regime Monday . The EU ministers froze the assets of two firms and imposed a travel ban and asset freeze on three people believed to be providing funding for the regime , the European Council announced . It was the 15th time the European Union has imposed restrictions on Syria since the popular uprising began there . "  The continuing violence is appalling , " EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Monday , stressing that the sanctions are aimed at the regime and not the civilian population . "  As long as the repression continues , we will continue to put pressure on those responsible for it . " Just 300 yards from the Syrian border , hundreds of Syrians have found safety at a Turkish refugee camp . Though they have fled the fighting , many are haunted by memories of the 14-month-long bloodshed . Abu Mohammed recalled how two of his sons had been fatally shot by security forces while demonstrating in Syria about a year ago . Another son is missing , believed to be arrested and possibly killed without ever having met his 7-month-old son . Mohammed said he can not justify the Syrian security forces ' actions . He knows why his sons spoke up and why many are still fighting . "  We had young men that cried out and shouted , ` Freedom ! ' -- and they were killed for that ? " he asked rhetorically . "  We just want freedom . What 's wrong with asking for freedom ? " But the Syrian government Tuesday touted "  the widest turnout of voters for Syrian parliamentary elections , " which took place May 7 . "  The citizens exercised their full rights , and they had total freedom in choosing their representatives , " Judge Khalaf al-Azzawi , chairman of Higher Committee for Elections , said on state TV . The United Nations estimates that at least 9,000 people have died in the 14-month crisis , while opposition groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . CNN can not independently verify reports of deaths and violence because the Syrian government has severely restricted access by international media . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Ivan Watson , Anderson Cooper and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Government forces fire on a funeral procession , opposition groups say NEW : 63 people are reportedly killed Tuesday Syria says "  scores " of people are killed or hurt by a terrorist bomb in Banyas The government touts the "  widest turnout " for parliamentary elections
CNN  -- The former manager of the largest U.S. kosher meatpacking plant was arrested Thursday on federal conspiracy charges of harboring illegal immigrants and aiding and abetting aggravated identity theft , federal officials said . Agriprocessors , the nation 's largest kosher meatpacking plant , is in Postville , Iowa . Sholom Rubashkin , 49 , a powerful member of the Hasidic Jewish community and former head of the kosher plant Agriprocessors , was taken into custody Thursday morning by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents . "  This investigation is not closed and is continuing , " said Bob Teig , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Cedar Rapids , Iowa . Rubashkin was arrested in Postville , Iowa , a town of about 2,400 in the northeast corner of the state that is home to the kosher plant . He faces three counts : conspiracy to harbor illegal aliens for profit ; aiding and abetting document fraud ; and aiding and abetting aggravated identity theft . If convicted , the first two counts carry a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and fines of up to $ 250,000 . The third count carries a mandatory consecutive sentence of two years , Teig said . See photos around "  ground zero " of the nation 's immigration debate " ICE spokesman Tim Counts said he could not comment about specifics . "  Things are still unfolding , " he said . Calls to Agriprocessors seeking reaction have not been returned . Rubashkin made an initial court appearance Thursday afternoon , where he waived his right to a preliminary hearing . He was released on the following conditions : He must wear an ankle bracelet that tracks his movement , limit his travel to northern Iowa , surrender his passport and his wife 's passport and provide a $ 1 million appearance bond with $ 500,000 to be secured by Wednesday , according to the prosecutor 's office . ICE agents raided the Agriprocessors plant May 12 and arrested more than 300 illegal aliens , most of whom pleaded guilty to identity theft charges in trials that lasted less than two days . Rubashkin was the plant manager at the time of the raid . Read how the Postville raid angered a local priest "  None of the undocumented alien workers were in possession of documents allowing them to work or reside in the United States legally , " the affidavit against Rubashkin says . "  During the execution of the warrants , agents discovered and seized dozens of fraudulent permanent resident alien cards from offices within the human resources department at Agriprocessors . " Thursday 's arrest came a day after a human resources manager pleaded guilty to conspiracy to harbor illegal immigrants and aggravated identity theft charges . Laura Louise Althouse , 38 , faces a mandatory sentence of two years in prison and a potential maximum of 12 years in prison , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . "  Althouse conspired with others to harbor undocumented aliens at her place of employment in Postville . The information states the harboring offense was committed for the purpose of commercial advantage and private financial gain , " the district attorney 's office said in a written statement . Rubashkin and his father , plant owner Abraham Aaron Rubashkin , face other serious allegations from the state of Iowa . The state has filed more than 9,000 misdemeanor charges against the owners and managers at Agriprocessors , accusing them of child labor law violations . The criminal complaint , filed by the office of Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller , says the violations involved 32 youths under the age of 18 , including seven under the age of 16 .	NEW : Sholom Rubashkin appears in court , where he 's ordered to limit travel Rubashkin was boss of nation 's top kosher plant at time of immigration raid He was arrested Thursday on charges of harboring illegal immigrants Rubashkin and his father face separate state charges of child labor violations
CNN  -- A ride operator has been charged with three felony counts of assault after several people were hurt on the Vortex at the North Carolina State Fair , a sheriff 's office said Saturday . Timothy Dwayne Tutterrow , a 46-year-old from Quitman , Georgia , faces felony counts of assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious bodily injury , Wake County Sheriff Donnie Harrison said . "  After inspection of the ride , we determined that it had been tampered with and critical safety devices were compromised , " Harrison said . Witnesses said the ride had stopped Thursday night and people were getting off when it restarted , resulting in five injuries . By Saturday , three of those hurt were still hospitalized at WakeMed Hospital in Raleigh , while two others had been released . Another ride operator was among the injured , though it was n't clear whether he was among those still in the hospital this weekend . The victims included family members between the ages of 14 and 39 . According to the sheriff 's office , Tutterrow is an independent ride contractor for a company that only had one ride at the fair : the Vortex . More arrests in the incident are possible , said Harrison , who added that the investigation is ongoing . Brian Long , a spokesman for the state Deaprtment of Agriculture , said owners inspect the rides three times a day . State officials inspect them before the fair 's opening and then conduct random spot checks while the fair is under way , he said . The 10-day fair ends Sunday .	More arrests are possible , sheriff says Timothy Dwayne Tutterrow is charged with assault with a deadly weapon He was operating the Vortex ride at the N.C. State Fair Three of those injured remain hospitalized
CNN  -- President Obama authorized the killing of an American citizen because he had declared war on the United States and encouraged others to bring harm to America . Whatever Anwar al-Awlaki 's wrongs -- and there were many -- when America kills its own without a trial , it not only demeans itself but it hands over a propaganda victory to its enemies . Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's leader since the death of Osama bin Laden , will chide this great country again for abandoning its values and principles . The White House 's authorization of this killing also tells American Muslims that a precedent has been set by their government to kill American citizens abroad without trial if they oppose their country . This can not be right -- and is counterproductive to defeating terrorism in the long term because it demolishes the very values that America stands for : the rule of law and trial by jury . It is abandoning these very same principles of human dignity , underpinned by free and fair trials that led to al-Awlaki 's decisive shift after being released from a Yemeni prison in 2007 : From being anti-American rabble-rouser , he went to advocating direct violence against the United States . Prison experiences in the Arab world -- being arrested and detained without legal representation and exposed to the worst forms of torture at the hands of fellow Muslims -- change nonviolent extremists to violent extremists . Al-Awlaki 's transformation from extremism to violence comes in this context . His alleged links to 9/11 terrorists were not as significant as some argue . If he was known to be involved in the 9/11 attacks , why was he a guest of the Pentagon , of all places , in 2002 ? Al-Awlaki is not alone . Before him , al-Zawahiri was tortured in Egyptian prisons , and during his trial in 1982 , he addressed a gallery of Western journalists in English and declared , "  So where is democracy ? Where is freedom ? Where is human rights ? Where is justice ? We will never forget ! " Without a doubt , al-Awlaki and al-Zawahiri were already radicalized before prison , but the tipping point toward violence came with their prison experiences . And before al-Zawahiri , the intellectual framework for al-Qaeda 's destructive worldview was put in place by Syed Qutb in Mazra Tora in prison in Nasser 's Egypt . Again , it was torture and the absence of humane treatment that led to Qutb declaring war on the Egyptian government . Qutb 's prison writings have inspired every jihadist movement around the globe . This same movement sees al-Awlaki as a lightweight , not least because he never set foot on the battlefield and his scholarly credentials are open to question . In Egypt or Pakistan , al-Awlaki is not well-known . Little wonder , then , that Al Jazeera Arabic is not as excited by al-Awlaki 's killing as Western media outlets . Al-Awlaki was important among Muslims in the West -- from Yemen , he used the Internet to reach this constituency . But even before the launch of his blog in 2008 , al-Awlaki was popular among Muslims in England , Canada and America because of his audiotapes about the history of early Muslim personalities . These tapes were , and many still are , in circulation in mosques and bookshops . Al-Awlaki could have been discredited before his prison experiences or , now , his perceived martyrdom . By killing al-Awlaki , his message gains new life as words from an American Muslim martyr , the first to join the iconography of underground Muslim culture since Malcolm X . An easier , cheaper and more effective way of discrediting al-Awlaki and countering his message would have been to disclose his three arrests for the solicitation of prostitutes in San Diego and the Washington , D.C. , area between 1996 and 1997 . He had even pleaded guilty to the 1997 charge , and was subsequently sentenced to three years ' probation and a fine . Among his socially conservative Muslim following in Europe and America , immediately after 9/11 , such information would have been dynamite . The United States can not kill its way out of terrorism . Just as with the Cold War , the challenge from Islamist extremism and jihadist violence urgently needs a cultural , intellectual and informational response . Violence breeds more violence and , in this case , literally creates martyrs out of al Qaeda 's murderers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain .	Ed Husain : Killing Anwar al-Awlaki demolishes the values that America stands for The killing also gives a propaganda victory to America 's enemies , he says Husain : Al-Awlaki could have been discredited before he radicalized The United States can not kill its way out of terrorism , Husain says
Water tests after a chemical spill in West Virginia are encouraging , the governor said , but it 's unclear when people might be able to use their taps again . About 300,000 residents in nine counties in the southwest section of the state ca n't use tap water . "  Our team has been diligent in testing samples from throughout the affected area . The numbers look good and , like last night , they are very encouraging . I believe that we 're at a point where we can say that we see light at the end of the tunnel , " West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin told reporters Sunday . Jeff McIntyre , president of West Virginia American Water -- a company affected by the spill -- said that officials will begin lifting the water bans by zone . Certain areas will be prioritized , including downtown Charleston , but decisions will also depend on test results . He declined to put a timeline on when the do-not-use orders will be lifted . "  I do n't believe we 're several days from starting to lift , but I 'm not saying today , " McIntyre said . Officials have warned water customers to watch for symptoms of exposure to the chemical , which is used to clean coal , such as skin irritation , nausea , vomiting or wheezing . Karen Bowling , secretary of the state 's Department of Health and Human Resources , said Sunday that more than 1,000 people had called the West Virginia Poison Center , concerned about their exposure to contaminated water . There have also been more than 60 animal exposures reported . A total of 10 people have been admitted to three hospitals , none in serious or critical condition , and 169 patients have been treated and released from emergency rooms , Bowling said . Water restrictions were imposed Thursday after it was discovered that about 7,500 gallons of a chemical used to clean coal -- 4-methylcyclohexane methanol -- had leaked out of a storage tank a mile upriver from the West Virginia American Water plant . Residents were told to use bottled water to wash hands , brush teeth or take showers . The federal Department of Homeland Security sent 16 tractor-trailer loads of bottled water to help and the water company also provided truckloads . The medical impact was hard to assess . "  We 've had a lot of worried-well calls , " Dr. Rahul Gupta of the Kanawha-Charleston Health Department said over the weekend . He cited complaints of irritation of the skin , throat , chest and stomach that some residents have linked to possible exposure . The unknowns made residents anxious . "  They do n't even know what the health risks are , " Stacy Kirk of Culloden told CNN affiliate WSAZ . "  We had bathed , cooked and everything right before the news came on yesterday . " "  I do n't know anything about the chemical to say too much good or bad about it , so we 're all up in the air , " said Arthur Taylor . "  We 're common folks -- we 're not chemists . " No quick fix for water woes Anxiety about effects of chemical Water company spokeswoman Laura Jordan urged people to get medical attention "  if they are feeling something ... is n't right . " Many did just that . "  Our emergency rooms have been very busy with individuals unnecessarily concerned and presenting no symptoms , " said the Charleston Area Medical Center . Dr. Robert Maha , chief medical officer for MedExpress , a group of seven medical clinics in the area , said many patients sought treatment for symptoms they worried were tied to the chemical exposure . He said the water crisis may contribute to the spread of flu because people are having a difficult time finding clean water to wash their hands . "  That 's one of our biggest concerns for the community , " Maha said . The goal : Less than 1 part per million Officials will know that the water is safe for more than firefighting and toilet flushing -- its only sanctioned uses now -- when tests find less than 1 part per million of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol in treated water , said McIntyre , with West Virginia American Water . Four laboratories have been set up to measure the levels in a uniform manner . "  The treatment plant must consistently produce samples at or below this level before the current do-not-use order is lifted , " he said . West Virginia National Guard Maj. Gen. James Hoyer said Sunday that sampling and testing at the water treatment facility showed a consistent number of below 1 part per million for 24 hours at the outflow of the facility . "  This allows us to move forward to the next phase of sampling and testing throughout the system , " he said . Though the water woes since Thursday have led scores of businesses to close , Gupta said that some restaurants were reopening after devising alternative plans . The problem affected people of all ages . "  I 'm here to get some water for the baby because she has to make formula , " Deborah Williams , who was caring for a granddaughter in Culloden , told WSAZ . "  Right now , we 're in desperate need of washing baby bottles and filling them up . " 7,500 gallons leaked The chemical overflowed a containment area around the tank run by Freedom Industries , which supplies products for the coal-mining industry . It migrated over land and through the soil into the river . The leak happened about a mile upriver from the West Virginia American Water plant . Mike Dorsey , chief of the Department of Environmental Protection 's Homeland Security and Emergency Response group , said officials estimate that 7,500 gallons -- the equivalent of about 10 hot tubs that can accommodate eight people each -- leaked through a 1-inch hole in the tank 's stainless steel wall . "  It 's an old system , " he said about the physical plant , adding that the company had planned to upgrade it . C.W. Sigman , the deputy emergency manager for Kanawha County , said the tank appeared to be "  antique . " "  When I see a riveted tank I know it 's an old tank , " he said . Dorsey expressed confidence that the chemical , which smells like licorice , did not start leaking long before Thursday morning , when it was reported . "  We would have gotten odor complaints earlier than that if it had been going on longer , " he said . After concluding late Thursday afternoon that the tap water was contaminated , officials issued a stop-use warning to customers in Boone , Cabell , Clay , Jackson , Kanawha , Lincoln , Logan , Putnam and Roane counties . Since then , the offending material has been hauled from the site , officials said . Some residents have directed their anger at Freedom Industries , the coal industry company from whose storage tank the chemical leaked . "  It 's caused us more problems than you could ever imagine , " said Danny Jones , the mayor of Charleston , the state 's capital and most populated city . "  It 's a prison from which we would like to be released . " Kanawha County Commission President Kent Carper told CNN on Saturday that more than 100,000 customers were affected , bringing the number of people affected to about 300,000 . "  It was scary because I went to brush my teeth this morning , and I went to turn the water on , and it was like , you ca n't turn your water on yet , " Evelyn Smith of Rand said . "  You have to change your mindset of how you do things right now . " An investigative team from the U.S. Chemical Safety Board on Saturday deployed to the scene of the spill . The CSB is an independent federal agency charged with investigating industrial chemical accidents . Freedom Industries President Gary Southern said two Freedom employees noticed material leaking from a storage tank into a dike around 10:30 a.m. Thursday . They contacted authorities and began the cleanup process -- including hauling away the chemical still in the tank and vacuuming up some from the nearby ground , he said . "  We have mitigated the risk , we believe , in terms of further material leaving this facility , " he said . But Sigman , the emergency management official , said it did n't appear the company was in emergency mode when his team began to arrive Thursday . "  They did n't appear to understand the magnitude of the incident at the time , and we did n't either because we just got there , " he said , adding that investigators from the Environmental Protection Agency had also arrived and took the lead in the investigation . "  It took a little bit of time to get a determination how serious it was , " he continued . "  I never got a good indication from the plant folks how bad the leak was , how much was going to the river , anything else . It was probably a little ways into the incident before we realized how bad it was getting into the river . "	Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin says he can see light at the end of the tunnel 10 people have been admitted to hospitals , none in serious or critical condition A chemical used to clean coal has polluted water in southwestern part of the state So far only a few people have been hospitalized , but 300,000 ca n't use tap water
CNN  A massive power outage spread across Turkey on Tuesday , blacking out a broad swath of the country and affecting some flights . Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said all possible causes were under investigation , including terrorism . Trams and subways were idled in Istanbul -- with more than 14 million inhabitants , the largest city in the country and the fifth largest in the world . Homes and offices were left without electricity . "  I am sitting in my apartment , " CNN producer Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul . "  No lights . No electricity . " The capital , Ankara , some 250 miles from Istanbul , also was affected . The outage extended to 45 of Turkey 's 81 provinces . The semiofficial Anadolu Agency quoted Energy Minister Taner Yildiz as saying the cause of the outage was unknown . Yildiz , speaking during a visit to Slovakia , said he could neither confirm nor deny that a cyberattack had triggered the blackout , the Anadolu Agency reported . Flightradar24 , which maps real-time flight data on the Internet , tweeted that the outage was "  affecting flights , " and said 11 of its 16 air traffic monitoring systems receivers -- as distinct from the country 's air traffic control system -- were not working . The Turkish Electricity Transmission Co. blamed the outage on a problem with transmission lines , Anadolu Agency reported . The utility said an investigation was in progress , as were efforts to restore power , the news agency said . The outage began at 10:36 a.m.  3:36 a.m. ET  . Nearly two hours later , according to Anadolu Agency , about 15 % of the power had been restored to Istanbul and Ankara , including in some subway stations . Power also was beginning to flow again to a number of provinces that had been cut off , the agency reported . By midafternoon , Yildiz said , 90 % of Istanbul 's power had been restored . "  Crowded places such as metro stations have been given electricity , and we believe the rest of the country should be fully powered shortly , " he said . CNN "  s Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report from Istanbul .	Energy minister says 90 % of Istanbul 's power has been restored Turkish Prime Minister : All possible causes of outage under investigation , including terrorism
CNN  -- Middle East tensions will remain high on the agenda at the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stepping up to the podium soon after Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas . Here are five things to look out for during the third day of the session : 1 . The Palestinians are set to seek a new status at the United Nations , but Netanyahu is focused on Iran . A year after launching the Palestinian Authority 's failed bid to win U.N. recognition as an independent state , Abbas is expected Thursday to formally announce a less ambitious initiative . This time , the Palestinian Authority will seek non-member observer status , one step up from its current position as a permanent observer . Last year 's attempt to secure recognition of statehood stalled in the U.N. Security Council . The Palestinians say they are likely to submit the new resolution after the U.S. presidential election on November 6 in an effort to prevent the issue from becoming political fodder . They have already expressed concern about pessimistic comments by Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney about the chances for peace in the region . Abbas is scheduled to make his speech toward the end of the morning session . Two slots after him comes Israel 's Netanyahu , who is likely to focus more on the perceived threat from Iran than the lifeless peace process with the Palestinians . The issue of how to respond to Iran 's controversial nuclear program has put a strain on relations between Netanyahu and President Barack Obama . Tehran insists its atomic program is for peaceful purposes , but Western leaders say they believe it is aimed at building a weapon . Netanyahu has been pushing the United States to establish a clear "  red line " that Iran can not cross if it wants to avoid war . Israel feels a sense of urgency , as negotiations aimed at curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions have failed to produce an agreement and the effectiveness of sanctions on Tehran remains unclear . 2 . World powers will meet on the Iran issue a day after Ahmadinejad complains of double standards . The Iranian nuclear controversy is one of the recurring themes of this year 's assembly . Netanyahu 's speech and a ministerial meeting of global powers are likely to keep it in the spotlight Thursday . Obama said Tuesday that he remained committed to a diplomatic solution to the issue but that "  the United States will do what we must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . " Five things we learned on Day Two Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has a history of controversial statements , gave onlookers little in the way of outrage in his eighth and final speech at the annual gathering on Wednesday . He said Iran was committed to peace , though he also accused world powers of double standards in pursuing an arms race . "  Continued threat by the uncivilized Zionists to resort to military action against our great nation is a clear example of this bitter reality , " Ahmadinejad said . Ways to resolve the problem peacefully will be discussed by officials from France , Britain , Germany , China , Russia and the United States at a side meeting Thursday , and a minister-level meeting is expected to follow . The International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog , overwhelmingly passed a resolution this month voicing concern about Iran 's continued nuclear activity and urging Tehran to cooperate with international nuclear regulators . Ahmadinejad tells U.N. that Iran is threatened 3 . The president of Myanmar gets a chance to steal some of Suu Kyi 's spotlight in the United States . A less gloomy storyline will be in evidence in the speech to the assembly Thursday by President Thein Sein of Myanmar , who has overseen a series of political reforms in the Southeast Asian nation that has spent decades under repressive military rule . While the United States and the Europe Union have been piling sanctions on Iran , they have also been steadily lifting them off Myanmar in response to the release of hundreds political prisoners , the pursuit of peace talks with ethnic rebels and the holding of freer elections . The latest softening of sanctions by Washington was announced Wednesday by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , following a meeting with Thein Sein . The United States will begin easing restrictions on the import of goods from Myanmar , Clinton said . Thein Sein , a former military official , will have a chance Thursday to grab some of the spotlight from Aung San Suu Kyi , the Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel laureate who received the Congressional Gold Medal last week during a 17-day visit to the United States . Diplomats and journalists are wondering if Suu Kyi , who spent the better part of two decades under house arrest in Myanmar for her pro-democracy campaigning , will be in the audience for Thein Sein 's speech . She has expressed support for Thein Sein 's efforts and even admitted to having a "  soft spot " for some of the military leaders who kept her in detention . But she and others have also cautioned that Myanmar 's reforms are still at a very early , fragile stage . 4 . China is n't sending its A-Team , but it could still cause a stir . Most world leaders have n't passed up the opportunity to take their turn at the assembly 's green marble podium this year , but China 's top officials have other things on their minds running the the rising global power . President Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao appear to have skipped the trip to New York amid the political intrigue and jockeying in Beijing ahead of a once-in-a-decade leadership transition widely expected to kick off next month . This handover of power is especially sensitive in the wake of a dramatic political scandal involving murder and attempted defection that has played out in the international news media . As a result , Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi is leading the Chinese delegation at the assembly , and he will have plenty of subject matter at his disposal when he makes his speech during the afternoon session . Many observers will be waiting to see if he addresses China 's myriad disputes with several of its neighbors over maritime territories . China 's most heated dispute at the moment is with Japan over a set of islands in the East China Sea , a quarrel that has prompted violent anti-Japanese protests in China and soured economic ties between the two nations . Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda of Japan referred indirectly to the situation in his speech to the assembly on Wednesday , underscoring Tokyo 's commitment to using international law to resolve territorial disputes . The Chinese Foreign Ministry in Beijing quickly dismissed Noda 's comments as "  self-deceiving , " the state-run news agency Xinhua reported Thursday . The question now is whether Yang will have more to say on the matter in the U.N. 's Great Hall . 5 . Libyan leader speaks amid the fallout from the attack that killed U.S. ambassador and other Americans . The president of Libya 's General National Congress , Mohamed al-Magariaf , is expected to address the assembly during the afternoon session . His nation 's young government is dealing with the delicate aftermath of the attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in the city of Benghazi this month that killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . On Monday , Clinton praised the Libyan people for their efforts to rid the country of the rogue militias blamed for the killings . Al-Magariaf has said the militias would be disbanded . The episode has laid bare the challenges Libyan government officials face in imposing control on the country following the uprising that led to the fall of the dictator Moammar Gadhafi , who was known for long , rambling orations at the United Nations . Obama said Tuesday that unrest was occurring in the throes of an unfinished regional revolution in the Middle East that brought an end to oppressive regimes in Egypt , Libya and Tunisia . Assange speaks via satellite from London , calls for end to ` persecution '	Mahmoud Abbas is expected to seek new status for Palestinian Authority Israel 's Netanyahu is likely to focus on the Iranian nuclear issue Officials from Myanmar , China and Libya are also among the speakers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Days after thick snow brought London to a standstill , the traditional drizzle has returned and it is business as usual in the bustling British capital . The snowmen who populated London during the heaviest snowfall in 18 years are looking worse for wear . The pavement might be slippery with ice but the resumption of the bus and rail services means that you 'll at least be able to move around the city . All airports in the south are operating normally -- albeit with some delays -- so there 's no excuse to stay away . With that in mind , CNN Business Traveller has compiled a guide for visitors to the city . It is still wise to bring an umbrella , but this week you may want to throw in a couple of ski poles . Time zone : London is currently on Greenwich Mean Time  GMT  , five hours ahead of Eastern Standard Time and eight hours behind Hong Kong . From the airport : Non-stop train services link Gatwick , Heathrow and Stansted aiports with central London . The Heathrow Express takes 15 minutes to Paddington Station and costs from $ 24  # 16.50  for a single journey . The London Underground costs only $ 6  # 4  but takes an hour . A breakfast meeting : Visitors with a healthy budget and appetite might want to start the day at the Grand Caf in The Wolseley  160 Piccadilly , W1J  where you where you can buy a traditional fry-up or "  The English " for just shy of $ 20  # 13.50  . A budget option with no less of a London flavor can be found at the The Cock Tavern  East Poultry Avenue , EC1A  in the heart of Smithfield Market . Meat has been traded there for 800 years and early in the morning you can still see butchers plying their trade in bloodied coats . For dinner : Impress with a table at one of London 's most famous restaurants , Le Gavroche  43 Upper Brook Street , W1K  or Gordon Ramsay at Claridge 's  Brook Street , W1K  . For a cheaper option try a traditional pie and mash shop , the once staple of working class East London life . One of the oldest is M Manze  87 Tower Bridge Road , SE1  that sells jellied eels as well as pie and mash amid the traditional decor of tiled walls , wooden benches and white marble table-tops . For a drink : Two of the oldest London pubs include Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese  145 Fleet Street , EC4A  in the City of London and The Prospect of Whitby  57 Wapping Wall , E1W  a short walk along the Thames from Canary Wharf . For one of the best hotel bars try the Lanesborough  Hyde Park Corner , SW1X  and One Aldwych  1 Aldwych , WC2B  . High-flyers can also take in the view over a drink at Vertigo 42 , the champagne bar atop Tower 42  25 Old Broad Street , EC2N  . Tipping : Expect to tip around 10 percent in restaurants and cabs , but no tips are expected in bars . On a fine afternoon  they do exist  : Visit St James 's Park to seek out its pelicans and to catch a view of Buckingham Palace from the bridge on the lake . Then walk via Westminster Abbey to Waterloo Bridge for spectacular views of The Palace of Westminster , Somerset House and Victoria Embankment . Finish with a ride on the London Eye . Staying dry : Improve your swing at one of London 's indoor golf centers . Urban Golf  Soho and Smithfield  features eight simulators , two putting greens , a bar and lounge and coaching . Shelter can also be found in some of London 's iconic department stores . Harrods and Harvey Nichols are both in Knightsbridge . Opening hours : Most shops and businesses are open from 9 a.m. or 10 a.m. until 6 p.m. Larger stores in central London stay open till 7 p.m or 8 p.m. and later on Thursdays . What to avoid : The crowds of tourists in Leicester Square , the Trocadero and the ubiquitous Scottish Steakhouses in London 's West End . Transport : Be warned : a single-stop tube journey in central London costs $ 8  # 4  . To save money buy an Oyster card , which can be used on London 's underground  # 1.60 per single-stop journey  , buses , trams and some overland rail services . Black cabs can be hailed anywhere . Fares are high but the pay-off is that all drivers must pass the "  Knowledge " -- an in-depth exam on navigating around London -- which means they really do know where they are going . Do n't miss in February : In 2009 the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew  Richmond , TW9  is celebrating its 250th anniversary with a "  Tropical Extravaganza " of exotic plants in one of its conservatories . The Natural History Museum  Cromwell Road , SW7  is commemorating the bicentenary of Charles Darwin 's birth and 150th year of the publication of On the Origin of Species with a major exhibition . A number of star-studded plays have also just opened in London 's theatreland . Imelda Staunton , star of Harry Potter , is in Joe Orton 's Entertaining Mr Sloane  Trafalgar Studios until April 11  . James McAvoy is in Richard Greenberg 's Three Days of Rain  Apollo Theatre until May 2  . What to pack : February is a particularly bleak and cold month in Britain so pack an umbrella and warm clothes . For a handy keepsake of the city , buy an umbrella on arrival from James Smith & Sons  53 New Oxford Street , WC1A  . The shop has hardly changed since it opened in 1830 and offers an impressive range of umbrellas and essential gentlemen 's accessories . Oh , and do n't forget to pack thermals and some decent footwear . What are your tips for London visitors ? Sound Off below	London buses , trains , airports operating after heaviest snowfall in 18 years CNN 's Business Traveller offers advice for business travellers in London Indulge in a traditional pie and mash , stay dry by playing indoor golf , shopping If you 're planning on using the underground system , buy an Oyster card
CNN  -- Former world champion Kimi Raikkonen is excited ahead of his return to Formula One next season , having signed a two-year deal with the renamed Lotus team in November . Raikkonen claimed the drivers ' title four years ago while racing with the legendary Italian marque Ferrari before leaving the sport in 2009 , going on to compete in the World Rally Championship and NASCAR . "  There has been quite a bit of noise in the press about my comeback and there have been a lot of rumours , " the 32-year-old told the UK-based team 's website . "  For me , coming back to Formula One is a good thing and I hope it will be for the team and the fans also . " Raikkonen has a wealth of experience in F1 , having started 156 grands prix across eight seasons racing for Sauber , McLaren and Ferrari , but still gets a thrill out of preparing a car for the grueling year ahead . "  I love this time of the year at the factory , " he said . "  There 's a real buzz surrounding the new car . "  Every single department is working flat out in order to have everything ready on time . You can really feel people 's dedication and it 's nice to be a part of it . "  You spend so much time sitting in the car so the position is really crucial , it needs to be 100 % right . I 'd rather spend a lot of time getting it right at this time of the year because there are many races in the season . Getting it right the first time is imperative . " Raikkonen and Frenchman Romain Grosjean will form a new-look driver partnership at Lotus , replacing Brazil 's Bruno Senna and Vitaly Petrov of Russia . This will be the team 's first year racing under the legendary Lotus name , having previously been known as Renault and then Lotus Renault after the French manufacturer scaled down its F1 involvement . This season will see six world champions take to the track , with Raikkonen lining up alongside Red Bull 's 2010 and 2011 titleholder Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes ' seven-time winner Michael Schumacher plus Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso and McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button . The opening race is the Australian Grand Prix at Albert Park in Melbourne on March 18 . In other motorsport news Friday , the sixth stage of the Dakar Rally had to be halted by summer snow in the Andes . The competitors were due to complete a 394km leg from Fiambala in Argentina to Copiapo in Chile containing 247km of special sections , but it was called off when the frontier was closed . "  Due to the bad weather continuing over the Andes Cordillera , the Chilean authorities were forced to close , for the night , the border at Paso de San Francisco , situated at 4,700 m , " said a statement on the race 's official website . The event will resume Saturday in Copiapo for the 573km  with 419km of timed special  seventh stage . France 's Stephane Peterhansel and Cyril Despres top of the car and bike standings on the 14-day endurance rally .	Lotus driver Kimi Raikkonen is excited about his return to Formula One The 2007 world champion left the sport in 2009 and has spent time in NASCAR and WRC Raikkonen has raced in 156 grandes prix for Sauber , McLaren and Ferrari Sixth stage of Dakar Rally halted by summer snow in Andes
London  CNN  -- Its windows are boarded up , the red-painted exterior is peeling and the roof could do with re-tiling -- but this derelict house in a village in the Borinage region of Belgium was once the home of Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh . The house and surrounding industrial area , in the village of Petit Wasmes , might not look too impressive , but it was here that Van Gogh decided to become an artist . Now local authorities have agreed a deal with the owner of the house to rent it for 27 years , with the aim of turning it into a museum and possibly a guest-house , in time for the city 's partnership with neighboring Mons , the European Capital of Culture in 2015 . An exhibition covering Van Gogh 's time in the region is planned for the Mons Museum of Fine Arts , while a documentary exploring the artist 's life as an evangelical preacher among the mining community there is also in the works , with the house sure to feature . "  There is -LSB- currently -RSB- no one living in the house , " said Gregory Dufert , a spokesperson for the municipality of Colfontaine . "  You have four walls , you have something that looks like a roof and that 's it . " The municipality plans to fully restore the house , so that it will eventually look as it did when Van Gogh lived there . It is an important cultural resource to the local area , said Dufert . "  We are a very poor region and it 's really amazing to know that someone as celebrated as Vincent van Gogh stayed there , " he said . According to Teio Meedendorp , an expert on Van Gogh at the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam , local people in the Borinage still "  have a lot of sympathy for Vincent himself , because he had an eye for their needs and troubles . " Van Gogh 's humanistic side was developed during this time and he even tried to endure the same hardships as the impoverished miners , said Meedendorp . But it was when he was discharged from his job as a preacher that he made the decision , on the advice of his brother , to become an artist . "  It was a struggle to make this decision and he had to work really hard , which is what he did -- he drew hundreds and hundreds of drawings before he saw himself fit to be an artist , " said Meedendorp . Few of these early sketches survive , but a drawing entitled "  Mine workers in the snow " from 1880 and in the collection at the Kroller-Muller Museum in Otterlo , the Netherlands , depicts workers trudging towards a mine which looms darkly in the background . In a letter to his brother in 1880 , Van Gogh said of the drawing : "  I have made a hasty scribble of miners and haulers  both boys and girls  going to the shaft in the morning through the snow , by a path along a thorn hedge ; passing shadows , dimly visible in the twilight . " According to Meedendorp , there is very little evidence left of Van Gogh 's time in the Borinage , which is why the house is so important . The area , too , is changing rapidly , with the mining industry now almost completely gone . "  I have a lot of sympathy for that region , " said Meedendorp . "  From the tourist point of view -LSB- the house -RSB- would help the region get some attention , " he said . Van Gogh lovers will hopefully be able to visit the restored house in 2015 . And for those who ca n't wait , an exhibition entitled "  Van Gogh Up Close " opens at the Philadelphia Museum of Art in February , while the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam is currently focusing on Van Gogh 's studio practice .	Local authority in Belgium working to save Van Gogh 's one-time home from dereliction Municipality of Colfontaine , Belgium , plans to restore house , turn it into museum Van Gogh lived in region from 1878 to 1880 , at the time he decided to become an artist Major exhibition covering artist 's time there slated for Mons , European Capital of Culture , in 2015
About 1 in 7 , or 13.5 percent of adults who encountered intense dust clouds after the collapse of the World Trade Center on September 11 were later found to have asthma , compared with just 8.4 percent who had no dust cloud exposure , researchers in Atlanta and New York City reported on Tuesday . Among rescue workers , the asthma risk was highest for those who worked on the pile on September 11 . Likewise , among various groups of people connected to the Twin Tower collapse , rescue and recovery workers were more likely to have a diagnosis of asthma  12.2 percent  than passers-by  8.4 percent  . The results are from a survey , conducted from November 2006 through December 2007 , to assess the health status of more than 46,000 adults five to six years after the disaster . Health.com : Bad air day ? Here 's how to survive That such a horrific event left lasting physical and emotional scars is , perhaps , no great surprise . Among adults with no prior diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  , 23.8 percent have reported symptoms after September 11 , and the prevalence of symptoms has increased over time , researchers reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The mental health effects , which can be debilitating and often chronic , "  seem to be the largest health problem coming out of 9/11 " says Lorna Thorpe , Ph.D. , the deputy commissioner of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene Division of Epidemiology and one of the coauthors of the study . "  But immediately after the 9/11 event , I do n't think there was a clear understanding of what the physical impacts would be . " Health.com : Is your child 's asthma under control ? Take this test People in the vicinity of the collapse had "  the potential to inhale huge amounts of particulate matter , " observes Joan Reibman , M.D. , an associate professor of medicine and environmental medicine at the New York University School of Medicine and the director of the school 's Bellevue Asthma Center , who was not involved in the study . "  We think that could act as a real irritant to the airways . " Some 23 million Americans have asthma , a lung condition that causes airway swelling and inflammation . People with asthma may experience repeated bouts of coughing , wheezing , shortness of breath , and tightness in the chest . Anthony M. Szema , M.D. , an assistant professor of medicine and surgery and the head of the allergy diagnostic unit at SUNY Stony Brook School of Medicine , has studied the effects of the World Trade Center collapse on children living in Manhattan 's Chinatown . His team 's most recent study , accepted for publication in Allergy & Asthma Proceedings , will show that the rate of asthma at the closest elementary school to the World Trade Center  29 percent  is high compared with the rate of asthma in children in the general population . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  , 9.3 percent of U.S. children have asthma . " -LSB- The new study -RSB- is entirely congruous with our findings , " he says . Health.com : As a new mom , I struggled with my daughter 's chronic cough The CDC 's Robert M. Brackbill , Ph.D. , M.P.H. , led the team of New York City and Columbia University researchers whose study examined the longer-term health impact of exposure to Ground Zero and its varying effect across groups of people . The analysis is based on data from the World Trade Center Health Registry , described as the largest post-disaster-exposure registry in U.S. history . More than 71,000 rescue and recovery workers , lower Manhattan office workers , nearby residents , and passers-by enrolled in the registry . Participants were interviewed from September 2003 through November 2004 to record their exposure to the disaster and document their pre - and post-event health status , and again in 2006-2007 . Health.com : Diabetes plus stress can equal high blood sugar For each group followed , intense exposure to the dust plume was associated with new asthma diagnoses . Among rescue and recovery workers , for example , the asthma risk was highest for those who worked on the pile on September 11 . The risk diminished with later start dates . However , even downtown office workers and lower Manhattan residents were affected . Among these people , the risk of asthma was highest if there was a heavy coating of dust in their home or office , compared with no such damage . "  It shows that people who had heavy dust exposure in the initial period , that this was a risk to developing asthma but not the only risk , " says Reibman , who also serves as the director of New York City 's World Trade Center Environmental Health Center , one of three centers dedicated to treating September 11-related conditions . Reibman says the new study is important because , in addition to corroborating previous studies , it should help people with September 11-related asthma realize that their symptoms are real . Health.com : Managing the highs and lows of manic depression "  I think it helps us understand that there 's a cause for many of these symptoms , " she says . She encourages people to recognize their symptoms and seek a proper diagnosis and treatment . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Health survey looked at 46,000 adults five to six years after 9/11 attacks Adults who were expose to intense dust clouds developed asthma at higher rates 23 million Americans have asthma , which causes airway swelling and inflammation
CNN  -- North Korea 's state media released a "  detailed report " Tuesday claiming that American journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee entered the country illegally in order to record material for a "  smear campaign " against the reclusive communist state . Supporters rally for U.S. journalists Euna Lee and Laura Ling on June 4 in Seoul , South Korea . It added that the two women "  admitted that what they did were criminal acts ... prompted by the political motive to isolate and stifle the socialist system of the DPRK by faking up moving images aimed at falsifying its human rights performance and hurling slanders and calumnies at it . " Ling and Lee were sentenced this month to 12 years of hard labor in North Korea . They were arrested in March for "  having illegally trespassed into the border of the DPRK -LSB- Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , as North Korea is officially known -RSB- and committed hostile acts against it for which they were tried . " South Korean President Lee Myung-bak urged North Korea to release the two journalists Tuesday in a joint appearance with U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House . Obama did not mention them . Relations between North and South Korea are extremely tense . Watch family members plead for women " The reporters for California-based Current TV -- a media venture of former U.S. Vice President Al Gore -- were arrested while reporting on the border between North Korea and China . They were sentenced after a closed-door trial . "  The investigation proved that the intruders crossed the border and committed the crime for the purpose of making animation files to be used for an anti-DPRK smear campaign over its human rights issue , " the Korean Central News Agency said Tuesday . The KCNA report said there were two unidentified men with Ling and Lee when they were arrested , but gave no further details . It did not say whether the men were arrested . In a joint statement June 8 , the journalists ' families said they were "  shocked and devastated " by the trial and sentence and urged Pyongyang "  to show compassion and grant Laura and Euna clemency and allow them to return home to their families . " "  Laura and Euna are journalists who went to the China-North Korea border to do a job , " they said . "  We do n't know what really happened on March 17 , but if they wandered across the border without permission , we apologize on their behalf and we are certain that they have also apologized . " The KCNA report Tuesday said they had "  covertly crossed the River Tuman " into North Korea . In Washington , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters earlier this month the United States is seeking the immediate release of the two journalists on humanitarian grounds . "  Obviously , we are deeply concerned about the length of the sentences and the fact that this trial was conducted totally in secret with no observers , " she said June 8 . "  And we are engaged in all possible ways , through every possible channel , to secure their release . " The families said Ling suffers from an unspecified "  serious medical condition " and Lee has a 4-year-old daughter "  who is displaying signs of anguish over the absence of her mother . " "  We believe that the three months they have already spent under arrest with little communication with their families is long enough , " they said . The United States has no diplomatic relations with North Korea , and Sweden represents U.S. interests there . The Swedish ambassador told the U.S. State Department that no observers were allowed in the courtroom for the trial , and the ambassador was allowed to see Lee and Ling only three times . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux in Washington contributed to this report .	North Korea issues "  detailed report " of why women were arrested , convicted N. Korea : Journalists intended to "  isolate and stifle the socialist system " Euna Lee , Laura Ling sentenced to 12 years of hard labor Journalists were working for Al Gore 's Current TV when arrested
CNN  -- Soccer mom Meleanie Hain , who made national headlines last year by having a loaded , holstered handgun at her 5-year-old daughter 's soccer game , has been found shot dead in her home along with her husband , police said Thursday . Meleanie Hain was found shot dead in her home along with her husband Thursday . Information from 911 calls shows that it took a SWAT team nearly an hour and a half to gain entry to the Lebanon , Pennsylvania , home Wednesday evening . Inside , they found the bodies of Hain , 31 , and her husband , Scott , 33 , police Capt. Daniel Wright said . Police have avoided labeling the incident a murder-suicide . However , they do not believe that another person was involved , Wright said . A full investigation is under way , he added . "  Who -LSB- Meleanie Hain -RSB- is does not change the course of this investigation , " he said . The autopsies are scheduled for Friday . Watch why Hain caused controversy " Meleanie Hain 's attorney , Matthew B. Weisberg , said she told him a few months ago that she and her husband were separating . It was not immediately clear whether they were still living together . The couple 's three children were unharmed and took refuge at a neighbor 's house before police arrived , Wright said , and the children remain in a neighbor 's care . During the incident , police told neighbor Ann DiJohnson to avoid rooms with windows in fear of a possible shootout . "  It was frightening , " DiJohnson said . "  I 'm still shaking . " Thomas Shaak , who lives a block from the Hains , said the couple hardly socialized with neighbors . The avid gardener said he occasionally saw Scott Hain working on his yard , but the two did not greet each other . He said Hain worked as a security officer and often kept odd hours . Meleanie Hain became an overnight celebrity and , to some , a steward of Second Amendment rights when she carried a Glock strapped to her belt to her daughter 's soccer game September 11 , 2008 . Days later , on September 20 , her permit to carry a gun was revoked by Lebanon County Sheriff Michael DeLeo , who claimed that she showed poor judgment at the child 's game . County Judge Robert Eby later reinstated the permit . Weisberg , Hain 's attorney , said the sheriff 's action violated Hain 's First , Second , Fourth and 14th Amendment rights . A lawsuit was filed against DeLeo on Hain 's behalf for compensatory damages . She sought punitive and statutory damages , Weisberg said , along with reimbursement of attorneys ' fees and lost wages . Although Weisberg called the Hains a "  loving " and "  unified " couple , he said that about four months ago , Meleanie Hain told him that they were separating and that she wanted to remove his name from the $ 1 million lawsuit . Although there was no indication of abuse , Weisberg said , Meleanie Hain was contemplating getting a "  stay-away order . " "  It 's shocking , " Weisberg said of the shooting . "  And sadly ironic . "	Meleanie and Scott Hain shot to death in Lebanon , Pennsylvania , home Meleanie Hain brought loaded gun to daughter 's soccer game in 2008 Police are avoiding calling Wednesday night shooting a murder-suicide Their three children are unharmed and in neighbor 's care
CNN  -- Inter Milan have given up on signing Chelsea 's Portuguese pair Ricardo Carvalho and Deco for the time being . Chelsea 's Portuguese midfielder Deco has been strongly linked with a summer transfer to Inter Milan . The duo had been linked with a move to the San Siro where they would link-up again with former Chelsea and Porto coach Jose Mourinho . Reports had suggested Inter sent a representative to London to talk to Chelsea about a possible deal for the two players , but the Italians ' transfer consultant Lele Oriali insisted that was untrue . Oriali told Sky Italia : "  Inter do n't need emissaries , the president did n't send anyone and neither did I. "  Having had the fortune of being able to speak directly with Chelsea , we know that they are ready to negotiate over these two players , but the asking price is too high . "  The deal is not as simple as it might seem . It 's unrealistic for us in the current conditions . At the moment the deal is closed , and we do n't know if it will open up again later on . "	Inter Milan pull the plug on signing Chelsea pair Ricardo Carvalho and Deco The two clubs could not agree on a transfer fee for the Portuguese players Both players are known to favor moving , to link-up again with Jose Mourinho
CNN  -- This season on "  American Idol , " there 's a huge question looming around Adam Lambert . Kris Allen , left , and Adam Lambert are battling it out to become the next "  American Idol . " No , not that one . The one about whether this season would have been as exciting had he not been a part of the show . Love him or hate him , Lambert has added an element to the competition that has been woefully lacking in seasons past : a contestant so unique that you ca n't wait to see what he will pull next out of his bag of tricks . Regardless on how the season concludes , with Lambert being named "  American Idol " or losing the title to competitor Kris Allen , it 's obvious that a star has been born , and we all got to watch . "  I do n't think there would be nearly the interest that there is if it were n't for Adam , " said Brian Mansfield , who blogs about the show for USA Today . "  Really , all season long it 's been Adam and the rest of the field , and is there anybody in the rest of the field that can beat Adam . " Read and watch the best "  Idol " performances " Indeed , the talent level for "  Idol 's " 2009 edition has been fairly high . Once upon a time , the show plucked apparent unknowns from auditions and thrust them before millions of viewers for a ready-made career . Now , "  unknown " has become a relative term as more contestants like Lambert , who toured with a production of "  Wicked , " have shown the polish of veteran professionals . But not everything has worked at a high level . The show 's ratings have declined a bit from unbelievable to simply juggernaut . And then there 's the tried-and-true format , which producers attempted to mix up a bit this season . Among the changes : more semifinalists -- and fewer semifinal performance shows . That meant viewers did n't have the opportunity to see the contestants perform more than once . At least a few felt cheated . "  It 's a situation where they get who they want to get , and they pimp those people , which takes away from some of the really good singers , " said "  Idol " fan Ricky Hoggard Hollman , who gained fame during season six for correctly guessing the top 24 semifinalists . This season 's robust group of 36 contained some fine potential finalists , Hoggard said , but he believed it was n't a level playing field partly because producers chose to focus more on back stories than talent . There was also the addition of a fourth judge , Kara DioGuardi , to the longtime triumvirate of Simon Cowell , Randy Jackson and Paula Abdul , which in the end added nothing but time . Producers also added a "  judges ' save , " which became a throwaway . Much of the criticism has fallen on DioGuardi , a Grammy-nominated songwriter who was supposed to bring a fresh and informed perspective . Instead , she brought uninspiring critiques , some crazy costumes based on the week 's theme and the magical ability to force Abdul into a few weeks of coherent comments . Even Cowell was n't acting like the Simon we have come to alternately adore and want to shake a finger at . He engaged in juvenile antics with Abdul  at one point drawing on her face  and at times stared into space with such complete boredom that you wondered whether Susan Boyle 's "  Britain 's Got Talent " performance had forever altered his state of consciousness . "  Simon has shown a level of disinterest and a level disdain for the show that I think is kind of alarming , " said Michael Slezak , who writes about the show for Entertainment Weekly . "  We sort of expect Simon to speak for us as viewers . We expect him to be up-front and honest and the voice of reason , and he 's just been completely disinterested . "  I think it 's disrespectful to the contestants , and I think even more so it 's disrespectful to us as viewers , " Slezak added . "  For better or for worse , and crazy or not , we take this show and what 's happening up on that stage seriously . It 's our escape from reality for the week . " And boy , do viewers take it seriously . iReport.com : Who do you want to win ? As CNN.com 's regular "  Idol " blogger , I have never been more lambasted -- pardon the pun -- than on the weeks I have dared to give Adam Lambert anything less than a flawless critique on the "  American Idol " blog . My sanity has been questioned . So has my nationality .  Hey , critics : My last name is "  France . " It 's not the location of my blog posts .  Question Lambert 's ability , and the Lambs -- his devoted fans -- come out in force . I have n't been completely sold on Lambert . He can be over the top with the dramatics , and the way his tongue hangs out during certain notes is , frankly , bizarre to me . Yet , for all of his antics , Lambert is unbelievably interesting to watch . It took me a while to warm up to him , but with Lambert , I wanted to watch if for no other reason than I did n't want to be left out of the watercooler conversation the next day . He was the pathway that allowed me to also fall in love with Allen 's musicality , Allison Iraheta 's mature-for-her-years voice and Anoop Desai 's determination to be the first Indian R&B star . I was able to cheer Scott McIntyre 's persistence , jeer the lack of the use of the judges save for Alexis Grace and puzzle over Megan Joy 's quirky performances . Regardless of who takes the title Wednesday night , Kris Allen or Adam Lambert , I can at least say I was entertained . And is n't that what good television is all about ?	Adam Lambert has added spice to season eight of American Idol Kris Allen and Lambert are vying to win "  American Idol " Show 's producers tried new tactics this season to draw viewers Addition of new judge and antics at the judges ' table have drawn fan ire
CNN  -- Some travelers wondered Friday whether they should be concerned about Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliner after a string of recent mechanical and other problems prompted a wave of negative publicity and an unusual federal safety review . Troubles dating back just four months include reports of an oil leak , a fuel leak , engine cracks and a damaged cockpit window . This all follows a very difficult development history that included a series of production setbacks and other delays before the plane entered service in 2011 . The Federal Aviation Administration , which is responsible for air safety , launched a comprehensive examination on Friday of the Dreamliner 's design as well as its manufacture and assembly . The electrical system is of particular interest to authorities following a fire this week aboard an empty 787 in Boston . Atlanta-based businessman Bobby Burns said he 'll choose not to fly on the aircraft anytime soon . "  I am wary of a plane model that has fire problems and leaks fuel , " said Burns , a project manager who takes more than 50 trips a year . "  I think of it the same as a new car model : wait a year or two to get all the ` recalls ' sorted out . " On the other hand , travel industry leaders report passengers seem to be taking things in stride . Jay Johnson , president of Coastline Travel Advisors in Garden Grove , California , said not one client has called with concerns about 787 safety issues . David Holyoke , president of Travel Leaders Corporate , echoed a similar conclusion . "  No one is steering clear of it at this point . No clients have called and asked to be rebooked . " Jim Osborne , who helps run a network of high-end travel agencies , says he has "  zero trepidation about flying on this plane . " In fact , he said many clients have shifted their travel plans specifically so they can experience flying on the Dreamliner wide body . More than 150 Dreamliner flights occur daily , according to Boeing . United Airlines -- which has six 787s -- debuted the nation 's first domestic Dreamliner routes last November with much fanfare . "  We continue to have complete confidence in the 787 and the ability of Boeing , " United said Friday in a statement . The airline described the problems as "  early operational issues . " United 's Dreamliner fleet travels routes primarily linking Houston and Chicago and between Newark and Los Angeles . Last week , the airline kicked off its first international 787 service between Los Angeles and Tokyo . Other U.S. carriers are in line to buy Dreamliners , including Delta . American Airlines has announced an order , but it 's not yet "  firm . " Worldwide , Boeing has delivered 50 Dreamliners . Several hundred are under order , making its success crucial for Boeing , which had not designed a new commercial jetliner in years before unveiling the Dreamliner . The FAA review is "  very unusual " because the agency signed off on the aircraft 's safety before it could fly commercially , said John Goglia , a former member of the National Transportation Safety Board . The safety board is the leading authority in the United States on aircraft safety investigations and is looking into the Boston fire , which preliminarily has been linked to a auxiliary battery system . The FAA "  just certified the airplane , so they 're going to go back and redo it . " Does the FAA "  not trust " their "  own people ? " asked Goglia , who 's also a former airline mechanic . Kevin Hiatt , president and CEO of the Flight Safety Foundation , says the situation speaks to what 's going on inside the FAA itself . "  We hope they take a look at their own processes internally to make sure that they 're up to date and on par with this new technologically advanced aircraft . " The twin-engine jetliner is heralded for its mostly carbon fiber construction , which reduces weight . Its fuel saving possibilities , cutting edge technology , operational versatility and cabin appointments generated enormous interest from airlines , initially overseas . Top Boeing , Transportation Department and FAA officials said at a news conference on Friday announcing the federal safety review that it was important to maintain public confidence in the Dreamliner . "  There is a continued process that we always go through . So this is not unprecedented , " said FAA chief Michael Huerta . But at Reagan National Airport on Friday , some passengers expressed skepticism in general about the nation 's airline regulatory safety net . "  As a regulatory attorney , I know that regulatory agencies in this country do n't always do their job all that efficiently , " said Jonathan Weinrieb of Chevy Chase , Maryland . "  So do I trust them to make sure the Dreamliner is safe ? No . But will that stop me from flying if that 's the plane I 've got to get on to get where I 'm going ? No . " Another traveler said his confidence in the system was high . "  They 'll figure it out and get it all squared away , " said Ridgely Albaugh of Lower Marlboro , Maryland . Goglia said every new airplane is going have "  teething problems . " The manufacturers usually "  get a handle on it quickly and fix it , " he said . A week Boeing would like to forget The most recent Dreamliner setbacks occurred Friday . Oil was discovered leaking from a generator on an engine at a Japanese airport , and a crack appeared in a cockpit window of a plane en route from Tokyo to western Japan , a spokeswoman for All Nippon Airways said . ANA was the Dreamliner 's launch , or first customer . On Tuesday , a Japan Airlines flight bound for Tokyo aborted takeoff from Boston 's Logan International Airport after a pilot on another airplane spotted the 787 leaking fuel . On Monday , a maintenance worker discovered the electrical fire aboard an empty plane being prepared at a gate at Logan for a return trip to Japan . In December , a United Airlines 787 traveling from Houston to Newark , New Jersey , was diverted to New Orleans because of mechanical problems . A general inspection of all 787s in September turned up cracked engines on two planes . The cracked window and the leaky generator were not unusual issues , ANA said , and occur with other aircraft as well . This was the third time that a window cracked on an ANA Dreamliner , but the cockpit window has five layers , and Friday 's crack , in a spider web pattern , appeared in the outer layer , ANA said . It did not endanger the flight . Dreamliner 's growing pains not unusual for new airplanes , experts say Newer airplanes are safer than ever , Goglia said . "  We are flying more airplanes that have been engineered to be safer , " he said . "  We almost  never  have material failures in airplanes anymore . " The Airbus A380 also had problems when it started flying in 2007 , but aviation expert Janet Bednarek loves to fly on it . "  It had cracks in the wing , which would be much more concerning to me " than the 787 reports , said Bednarek , a University of Dayton aviation history professor . "  They figured it out . Pilots want to get to their destination alive as much as anybody , so they do n't mess around . " Like the 787 , the Boeing 747 had a lot of issues when it started flying in 1970 , aviation consultant Michael Boyd said . And as with the former model , Boeing will work through the current aircraft 's issues and move on , the company has said . Two problems , two planes , two days "  Just like with anything that 's new , they kind of have to get the kinks out of it , " said airline passenger Ronald Hobby , of Fort Washington , Maryland . "  So I would probably wait for a while until they get everything straight before I would fly . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Junko Ogura , Ben Brumfield , Katia Hetter , Marnie Hunter , Jim Barnett and Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	NEW : Some fliers will wait before flying Dreamliner ; others will keep flying NEW : Air safety group calls on FAA to examine its internal processes Travel industry leaders report zero concerns from clients 150 Dreamliner flights happen daily , Boeing says . United owns six aircraft
