CNN  The Japanese government is grappling with an unpredictable hostage crisis whose terms are being dictated by the Islamic extremist group ISIS . The militants appear to have killed one of the two Japanese hostages they have been holding . And they 're apparently demanding the release of a convicted terrorist in Jordan to spare the life of the other . Here 's where things stand at the moment : A video file posted online Saturday by a known ISIS supporter shows an image of one hostage , Kenji Goto , holding a photo of what appears to be the corpse of his fellow captive , Haruna Yukawa . The voice of a person claiming to be Goto speaks over the image , saying in English that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is to blame for Yukawa 's death . "  You were given a deadline , " he says , referring to ISIS ' earlier demand that Japan pay $ 200 million by Friday to save the lives of the two hostages . The voice then announces a new ultimatum : the release of Sajida al-Rishawi , an Iraqi woman facing the death penalty in Jordan for her role in a series of bombings in 2005 that killed dozens of people at hotels in the Arab kingdom . Abe said Sunday that experts were analyzing the video but that it seemed "  highly credible . " U.S. authorities said they had no reason to doubt its authenticity . An ISIS-affiliated online radio station , Al-Bayan , reported that the recording was released by the extremist group . It also reported the killing of Yukawa and the prisoner swap demand for Goto in its newscast Sunday . It did n't identify Goto by name . But Goto 's stepfather , Yukio Ishido , raised doubts about whether it was his stepson 's voice in the video . "  I get the sense it 's not his voice , " he told reporters . "  I 've heard his English a couple times . I felt it was a bit different . " Abe condemned the apparent killing of Yukawa and called for Goto to be released immediately . "  Such act of terrorism is outrageous and impermissible , which causes me nothing but strong indignation , " he said . But the Japanese prime minister declined to comment on how his government would respond to the new demand , which does n't appear to have a clear deadline . After ISIS released the first video of the hostages Tuesday , Japan set up a crisis center in Jordan and said it was trying to communicate with the militant group through third parties , such as governments in the region and tribal leaders . Japanese officials declined to explicitly rule out paying a ransom but said they would n't yield to terrorism . They stressed that an aid package Abe had pledged to countries affected by ISIS , cited by the militant group as the reason for the huge ransom demand , was only for humanitarian purposes . Observers are skeptical . "  I would be surprised if the Jordanian government or Japan really pushed forward and released this female suicide bomber as ISIS has requested , " said CNN global affairs analyst David Rohde , referring to al-Rishawi , whose explosives failed to go off in the hotel attack in which she participated . CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes called the swap "  a nonstarter , " noting that ISIS is already holding a Jordanian pilot whose plane crashed in Syria . Jordan is part of the U.S.-led coalition that 's conducting airstrikes against ISIS targets . "  If there is any bargain going to be struck between Jordan and ISIS , it 's going to include their pilot , " said Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director . Foria Younis , the chief executive of South Asia Middle East Consultants , highlighted the high profile of al-Rishawi in Jordan . "  This Jordanian prisoner is probably the biggest terrorist prisoner that Jordan has , " Younis told CNN . "  To release her , it 's just going to require , I think , a lot more than just this one Japanese hostage , " she said . Yukawa , 42 , comes across as a lost soul who went to Syria last year in search of purpose after suffering a series of setbacks in his life . Over the past decade , Yukawa had attempted suicide , lost his wife to cancer , and then lost his home and business . After changing his first name to its feminine form , he said he believed he was the reincarnation of a Manchu princess who spied on the Japanese in World War II . On a blog , Yukawa once wrote , "  I look normal outside , but inside I 'm mentally ill . " But his travels to Syria appeared to have been an attempt to rebuild his life . He had dreams of setting up private security company . It was there that he met Goto , 47 , an experienced freelance journalist who frequently reported from war zones . Goto has a wife and two young daughters in Japan . Despite their contrasting backgrounds , the two apparently became friends in Syria , with Goto helping show Yukawa how to get by in a risky environment . After Yukawa was reported to have been captured in August , Goto is believed to have decided to go into ISIS-controlled territory , with finding his friend among his goals . Yukawa 's father has expressed grief over his son 's apparent killing . "  I have been praying such a thing would not happen but , unfortunately , it has finally come to pass and my heart aches , " Shoichi Yukawa said in an interview with Japanese media . "  I feel so guilty that Mr. Goto has been detained and threatened death after he had entered there to rescue my son at the risk of his life , " he added . "  I wish him to be released and return to Japan immediately and continue his activity . " Goto 's mother made a plea to her son 's captors to release him on Friday , saying he was n't an "  enemy " of ISIS . "  Words fail to describe how I feel , " Junko Ishido said . "  Kenji always has been a kind person ever since he was little . He was always saying , ' I want to save the lives of children in war zones . ' " U.S. President Barack Obama spoke with Abe by phone Sunday from New Delhi , the White House said . Obama offered "  condolences for the murder " of Yukawa by ISIS and conveyed "  solidarity with the Japanese people , " according to a statement . The U.N. Security Council said in a statement that it strongly condemns the apparent killing of Yukawa , describing it as "  a heinous and cowardly act . " It demanded the immediate release of Goto . British Prime Minister David Cameron suggested Japan was right not to bow to the terrorists ' demand for ransom , saying that "  Britain strongly supports the firm stance Prime Minister Abe and his Government have taken . " The United States and Britain both refuse to pay ransoms to terrorists . But other countries , notably France , have reportedly spent tens of millions of dollars on the release of hostages held by Islamic militants in recent years , despite denying it publicly . Japan has also paid kidnappers to free its citizens in the past , according to The New York Times . In 1999 , Tokyo handed over $ 3 million for the release of four mining experts held in Kyrgyzstan , the newspaper reported . Opinion : What hostage crisis means for Japan CNN 's Will Ripley , Junko Ogura , Yoko Wakatsuki and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	A online post shows one hostage holding a photo of what appears to be the body of the other A voice , purportedly of a hostage , calls for the release of a terrorist in Jordan An ISIS-affiliated radio station reports the killing of one hostage and the prisoner swap demand
CNN  -- South African "  blade runner " Oscar Pistorius smashed a Paralympic record to win the men 's 400m T44 in the final athletics event of the 2012 Games . Pistorius , who suffered a shock defeat in the 200m to Brazilian Alan Fonteles Cardoso Oliveira , covered the 400m in the record time of 46.68 seconds . Oliveira missed out on a 400m medal after slipping from second place to fourth over the final 70 meters . American athletes Blake Leeper and David Prince took silver and bronze in 50.14 seconds and 50.61 , respectively -- more than three seconds behind Pistorius , who bolted down the final stretch . The double-amputee later tweeted : "  What a special evening ! The highlight of my Paralympic games was the crowd tonight ! Gold in the final event of the London 2012 games ! " Opinion : Pistorius , an inspiration and a question It was Pistorius ' only individual gold medal win of the Paralympic Games . He took gold in the men 's 4x100m relay , but failed to place in the individual 100m T44 and took silver in the 200m T44 individual event . Immediately after his 200m loss , the runner stirred up controversy by accusing the International Paralympic Committee of ignoring his concerns about the length of his rivals ' prosthetics . From the side of the track , Pistorius described their blades as being "  unbelievably long . " "  You ca n't compete on stride length , " he said . "  You saw how far  Alan  came back so , you know what , we 're not racing a fair race here , but I gave my best on a great night . " Pistorius later apologized for the timing of his comments but said he believed "  there is an issue here . " The Paralympian made history in July by becoming the first double-amputee at able-bodied Summer Olympics when he competed at the 2012 Games in London . While the runner failed to win a medal , his presence on the track was lauded as an example of victory over adversity , and a lesson in dedication to a goal . After initially being refused permission to compete against able-bodied competitors , Pistorius hired a legal team to prove that his artificial limbs did n't give him an unfair advantage Born with a congenital abnormality , Pistorius had both his legs amputated below the knee at 11 months of age and now runs on specially-adapted carbon-fiber limbs .	Oscar Pistorius beats U.S. rivals by more than three seconds The win is his only individual gold medal of the Paralympic Games It was the final event at the 2012 Paralympics in London Pistorius earlier accused rivals of using "  unbelievably long " blades
In an unusual step , a U.S. congressman is proposing a two-year ban on all new federal legislation regulating the Internet . Rep. Darrell Issa , a Republican from California who has been an advocate for Internet freedoms , has posted online a draft of his legislation , the Internet American Moratorium Act of 2012 . The bill would "  create a two-year moratorium on any new laws , rules or regulations governing the Internet . " Issa first posted the complete text of the bill Monday on Project Madison , the nickname for a crowdsourcing platform that allows citizens to amend individual passages of legislation by adding or striking language . On Tuesday , he posted a link to the bill on Reddit , the social news site , where users quickly voted it to the top . "  Together , we can make Washington take a break from messing w / the Internet , " Issa said on Reddit , where he also invited users to suggest changes to the proposed bill . He said he will begin taking questions about it from Reddit users Wednesday morning . Issa is one of the more tech-fluent members of Congress and was an outspoken critic of the Stop Online Piracy Act , which would have penalized websites that host pirated content . That bill died this year amid near-unanimous opposition from the technology industry . It was not immediately clear whether Issa 's moratorium would apply to his own Online Protection and Enforcement of Digital Trade  OPEN  Act , which would seek to protect U.S. copyrights and trademarks from infringement by foreign websites . Initial reaction on Reddit to his proposed moratorium was mixed . Some users were confused about what point Issa was trying to make , while others saw the move as a stunt . "  I have a problem with legislation that preemptively ties your hands for years at a time . You ca n't know what the internet or society will look like in six months , let alone two years , and making it harder to respond to emerging threats or opportunities is an abdication of your responsibilities as a member of Congress , " wrote one Reddit user . "  This just seems to me to be more cheap political theater , along the lines of Grover Norquist 's ` We will never ever ever raise taxes for any reason ' pledge . " "  The answer is NOT to ban new regulation . We need regulation , " another said . "  But , I do n't believe ANYBODY in Congress has the vocabulary , is intelligent in knowing how the internet or computers work , or has the foresight to put current trends and future technologies together in a context to create those new regulation that protect the internet and it 's users/consumers . " Issa 's Reddit post had drawn more than 2,000 comments by early Wednesday . Leslie Horn , writing for Gizmodo , also dismissed Issa 's idea . "  Open internet ? That 's a good thing . But a law that keeps congress from governing ? That 's not a good thing -- the internet is a big place , and the language of this law is very broad , " she wrote . "  As it stands now , IAMA is just a discussion draft , meaning it will be a very long time before it 's even close to a vote . And while we 're for an open internet , a blanket ban is a bad idea . Let 's think about this one a little more , Rep. Issa . " When asked why the congressman introduced the bill , a spokesman for Issa told CNN , "  After SOPA and PIPA  the Senate 's similar Protect Intellectual Property Act  , it became very clear that we needed a cooling-off period to figure out a better way to create policy that impacts Internet users , job creators and all Americans . " The spokesman , who asked not to be named , declined further comment Tuesday .	Rep. Darrell Issa proposes halt to federal Web regulations Issa , a Web-freedom advocate , posted draft of a bill online He was an outspoken critic of the Stop Online Piracy Act
ALBUQUERQUE , New Mexico  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain on Monday defended his opposition to a Democratic bill that would expand education benefits for veterans , saying it would hurt the military that he hopes to lead . Sen. John McCain is co-sponsoring alternative legislation to the GI Bill that the Senate passed last week . The new GI Bill being debated in Congress would expand education benefits for veterans who served at least three years in the military after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The bill 's main sponsor , Sen. Jim Webb , is a Virginia Democrat and , like McCain , a Vietnam War veteran . The Senate passed Webb 's bill 75-22 last week . McCain was not in Washington for the vote . Democrats have targeted McCain for his opposition to the Webb legislation . Watch McCain talk about the U.S. debt to veterans Saying he takes "  a back seat to no one in my affection , respect and devotion to veterans , " McCain said Webb 's bill would be a disincentive for service members to become noncommissioned officers , which he called "  the backbone of all the services . " "  In my life , I have learned more from noncommissioned officers I have known and served with than anyone else outside my family , " McCain said at a Memorial Day event in Albuquerque . "  They are very hard to replace . Encouraging people to choose to not become noncommissioned officers would hurt the military and our country very badly . " A former Navy officer , McCain was a prisoner of war during Vietnam . McCain , along with Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Richard Burr of North Carolina , has introduced an alternative bill that would increase education benefits on a sliding scale based on an individual 's years of service . McCain argues his bill would have a smaller impact on retention rates than the legislation that the Senate passed . "  The office of president , which I am seeking , is a great honor indeed , but it imposes serious responsibilities , " the presumptive GOP nominee said . "  I can only tell you , I intend to deserve the honor if I am fortunate to receive it , even if it means I must take politically unpopular positions at times and disagree with people for whom I have the highest respect and affection . " Over the weekend , Sen. Barack Obama , who appears to be the likely Democratic nominee , again tried to tie McCain to Bush by noting that both of them oppose the GI Bill expansion . "  I revere our soldiers and want to make sure they are being treated with honor and respect , " Obama said Saturday . "  I think the GI Bill is one way for us to do that , and I hope that John McCain and George Bush decide they believe the same thing . " Sparring between McCain and Obama over the GI Bill got personal last week when McCain said he would not be lectured from someone "  who did not feel it was his responsibility to serve our country in uniform . " Obama has n't served in the military . Referring to Iraq in his closing comments Monday , McCain said he recognized Americans have grown tired of the war and the mistakes made , "  but we can not react to those mistakes by embracing a course of action that will be an even greater mistake , a mistake of colossal historical proportions . " "  We must give Gen. -LSB- David -RSB- Petraeus and the Americans he has the honor to command adequate time to salvage from the wreckage of our past mistakes a measure of stability for Iraq and the Middle East , and a more secure future for the American people , " he said . Later Monday , McCain will attend a fundraiser in Albuquerque . On Tuesday , President Bush will fly to Phoenix , Arizona , for a fundraiser at a private residence . Bush has been one of the Republican Party 's most prolific fundraisers , and McCain will need help to keep up with Democratic fundraising this fall . The McCain campaign said the event will be held at the senator 's home because it is more private . But the Phoenix Business Journal said the event was moved from the Phoenix Convention Center due to lackluster ticket sales and concern over anti-war protesters . A McCain aide denied the report on poor ticket sales . The aide also said the event was n't moved to McCain 's private residence to avoid having the senator and unpopular president appear together on camera . "  We have a policy that fundraising events are closed events , " the aide said , adding that any confusion about the fundraiser originally being open to the press should be chalked up to the campaign "  working out the kinks " on its first event with Bush . McCain consistently has trailed the two remaining Democratic presidential candidates in fundraising . The $ 17 million McCain raised in April was dwarfed by the nearly $ 31 million by Obama and the $ 21 million by Sen. Hillary Clinton . McCain also trails both Democrats in the amount of cash on hand . He had nearly $ 22 million in the bank at the end of April , while Obama had more than double that amount -- nearly $ 47 million -- and Clinton had nearly $ 30 million . CNN 's Alexander Marquardt , Ed Henry , Mary Snow and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. John McCain says general must have time to bring stability to Iraq McCain says GI Bill sponsored by Democrats would hurt military McCain , Sen. Barack Obama sparring over expanded veterans ' education benefits President Bush will attend a fundraiser for McCain in Arizona
CNN  -- Peter Trimble found his formula through trial and error . A design student at the University of Edinburgh , he was aiming to produce an artistic exhibition for a module on sustainability , when he stumbled on "  Dupe , " a living alternative to concrete . A lab technician introduced Trimble to Sporosarcina pasteurii , a bacterium with binding qualities , sometimes used to solidify soil to hold road signs in place . The student tested it with one of the world 's most abundant resources - sand . Pumping bacterial solution into a sand-filled mould , he added nutrients , urea derived from urine as fertilizer and calcium . After a year , and hundreds of failed experiments , this process manufactured a stool around 70 % the compression strength of concrete . The process requires less than one-sixth of the energy used in concrete production , and is completely biodegradable . Crucially , Trimble believes his mechanism has the added benefit that it could be employed by anyone , anywhere . "  Once you have the basic framework it should be transferable . Imagine a Tsunami-hit farm in Indonesia that is not getting supplies . You could use sand and bacteria on site , practically free , and have shelter housing that is far more permanent . " Trimble is working with NGOs to apply Dupe to Aboriginal settlements and insecure regions of Morocco . But while the applications are new and experimental , the concept of growing the material for our built environment is increasingly regarded as not merely interesting , but essential . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , the construction industry accounts for 40 % of the world 's C02 emissions , 40 % of U.S. landfill and has been uniquely resistant to change . Concrete , bricks and cement have remained the dominant materials since the industrial revolution in the early 19th century , and as pressure mounts on resources and climate , scientists and architects are looking to the natural world for solutions . Building bacteria Bacteria have been at the center of alternative methods . North Carolina start-up Biomason is growing bricks on an industrial scale , cultivated from sand by microorganisms . The company has won major prizes and funding for the bricks , which will be used in a structure for the first time this year in a pedestrian walkway , ahead of building projects across the world . Similar processes are being developed to build in the most challenging environments . British architects see an opportunity to cultivate new life in deserts , while NASA believe bacteria could allow the construction of bases on other planets without the headache of ferrying the material there . While bacterial processes save heavily on carbon , there are concerns that by-products could be poisonous . But another living brick -- made from mushrooms -- has no such problems . Functional fungus New York firm Ecovative are producing materials that combine agricultural waste products such as corn stock with mushroom mycelium -- the roots of the vegetable . Over five days the mycelium binds the waste to create a block with a stronger compressive strength than concrete , with none of the heat or energy required by regular bricks . The product is in commercial use for packaging , producing thousands of units a month , and the company is expanding into construction . Ecovative believe that in addition to being renewable and decomposable , natural properties give them a performance advantage . "  It has great insulation properties " , says Sam Harrington , Ecovative Director of Sustainability . "  A key benefit is flame resistance -- without adding any chemicals we were able to achieve a Class A fire rating " . There is scope for development . Mycelium effectively dies once its growth is complete , but Harrington is looking ahead to material that does not . "  We are exploring ideas of living materials , perhaps that are self-healing or respond to leaks with indicators . " Ecovative are in dialogue with major construction companies , and the material will soon be tested on a historic scale . A collaboration with architects The Living won the prestigious MOMA  Museum of Modern Art  PS-1 competition , and their creation will be installed in the museum courtyard this summer . Growing for gold "  Hy-Fi " will be the largest ever grown structure , and first large building to claim zero carbon emissions . It will be formed of three 40-foot spiral towers constructed from the mushroom material , with varying properties of brick to maximise light and ventilation . The material 's versatility offers unique design opportunities , says David Benjamin , lead architect of the project . "  You can dial in almost any performance you want . You can mix and match a variety of properties such as water resistance or UV resistance , lightness or durability . You can grow the bricks in almost any shape " Benjamin says the bio-bricks could be made to last as long as traditional materials , but believes architecture must embrace temporary structures . "  It 's essential to recognize that not all materials should last for centuries . A lot of the steel in our buildings will last longer than we need . Our idea is a building that be made locally and quickly , and then have a plan for when the life of the building is over . " Future applications would include pop-up stores , festival "  tents " and emergency shelters , says Benjamin , but there are greater hopes for the material within the industry . Stronger than concrete "  I could imagine every structure you would built out of bricks " , says Dirk Hebel , Assistant Professor of Architecture and Construction at the Future Cities Laboratory in Singapore . "  No high-rises , but smaller scale structures and houses . The material is stronger than concrete , with better insulation capacities " . The challenge will come in commercializing the products , Hebel feels . "  There is huge demand for alternative materials . The question is how easy it is to penetrate the existing market . This needs time and a couple of buildings to show the possibilities " . Stealing from nature Another , more radical approach takes the material from nature but also allows it to build the structure . Michael Pawlyn , director of Exploration Architecture , is a leading figure in biomimicry , having previously applied natural processes to create man-made forests in England and the Sahara Desert . His latest project to grow a "  small venue for spoken word performances " from undersea biorock was recently unveiled at the Architecture Foundation in London . "  In biology , complex structures achieve resource efficiency by putting things in exactly the right place , which is very difficult with made materials " , says Pawlyn . "  Our ways should deliver significant resource savings . " Drawing on the natural accumulation of coral reefs , his team would install a steel frame in the deep ocean and leave it to attract material . Growth would be focused on specific areas of need using an electrical current . "  We 're interested in looking at its structural growth patterns . We have stress gauges on the structure to measure force in particular areas . If one is highly stressed , we can input more current so the rate of deposition matches the force . " Pawlyn believes the structure could be built within two years , for consideration at scale . As with Ecovative , a key challenge ahead is to integrate still-living material to allow intelligent biosensors that respond to the building occupants . Innovators in this space acknowledge the ongoing barriers presented in an industry that has resisted modernization . But from rock to fungus , sand to space dust , the use of materials and processes designed by nature herself offer both a solution to the sustainability crisis , and a glimpse of our new built environment : clean , efficient , and alive . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Music ` hackers ' unleash new generation of cool and bizarre instruments Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Feeling glum , happy , aroused ? New technology can detect your mood	British student invented new process of growing building materials using bacteria and sand Other living bricks made of mushrooms are soon be widely tested by US architects New bio bricks offer flame , UV , and water resistance without adding any chemicals Their use can prove crucial for life in deserts or construction of bases on other planets
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo was to the fore as Real Madrid came from behind to defeat Sporting Gijon 3-1 on Saturday night and move three points clear of Barcelona at the top of Spain 's La Liga . Former Real reserve player David Barral shocked the home fans with the opening goal eight minutes after halftime when he beat the offside trap and fired into the roof of the net past goalkeeper Iker Casillas . But the expensively assembled Madrid team responded immediately , with Rafael Van Der Vaart making up for an earlier missed header as he pounced after Gijon keeper Juan Pablo failed to deal with Ronaldo 's swerving free-kick . Pablo was booked after protesting that the Dutch midfielder had appeared to use his hand to control the ball before smashing in the rebound . Real took the lead in the 57th minute with another opportunist goal as midfielder Xavi Alonso netted his second of the season as he nodded in at the far post after Ronaldo rose highest to power a header which was destined to go well wide of Pablo 's goal . Gonzalo Higuain , who scored a hat-trick against Valladolid last weekend , wrapped up the victory 11 minutes later when he cut in from the right and surged towards the Gijon penalty area before slotting in a low left-foot effort . It was the Argentina forward 's 20th league goal this season , and sealed Real 's 14th win from 14 at the Santiago Bernabeu . Coach Manuel Pellegrini , who received a vote of confidence from Real 's directors after the disappointing last-16 exit from the Champions League two weeks ago , was not happy with the way his team played . "  We did not have a good first half , we did not have the creativity to break through Sporting 's defense , " the Chilean said . "  But what 's important is that after the goal we conceded we knew how to react and we improved a lot in the second half . The team won and that 's the most important thing . " Barcelona , who face English club Arsenal in the quarterfinals of Europe 's premier club competition , can draw level on 68 points with victory at Real Zaragoza on Sunday . Sevilla 's hopes of qualifying for next season 's Champions League were dented by a 2-0 defeat at Barcelona 's city rivals Espanyol in Saturday 's late match . Striker Dani Osvaldo headed an eighth-minute opener and then doubled the lead on the breakaway after an hour to leave Sevilla four points behind third-placed Valencia , who host Almeria on Sunday . Sevilla , knocked out of the Champions League by CSKA Moscow in midweek , will lose fourth spot if Mallorca draw with Atletico Madrid on Sunday . Athletic Bilbao moved to within a point of Mallorca after drawing 2-2 with Getafe on Saturday , with both teams reduced to 10 men . Pablo Orbaiz put the Basques ahead but was sent off seven minutes before halftime , with Getafe having earlier drawn level through Manu  32  . Fernando Llorente restored the hosts ' lead from the penalty spot with 10 minutes left after Miguel Torres received a second booking , but Pedro Leon leveled on 86 . Bilbao edged ahead of Deportivo La Coruna on goal difference after the Galicians suffered a shock 2-0 defeat at home to relegation-threatened Valladolid . Basement club Xerez won 2-1 at home to second-bottom Tenerife to leave the islanders level with Valladolid on 23 points .	Real Madrid go three points clear of Barcelona with 3-1 victory over Sporting Gijon Leaders have to come from behind before clinching 14th successive home league win Barcelona can draw level on points with victory at Real Zaragoza on Sunday Fourth-placed Sevilla end miserable week with 2-0 defeat by Espanyol
CNN  -- The NYPD is investigating how two American flags that fly at the top of the Brooklyn Bridge were replaced by two white flags . The swapped-out flags were spotted by construction workers at 5:30 a.m. Tuesday , NYPD Deputy Commissioner for Intelligence John Miller said at a news conference Tuesday afternoon . He said members of the Emergency Service Unit found two flags , one on each tower of the bridge , that appeared to be American flags that had been bleached white . The workers also found large aluminum pans affixed as covers over the lights and secured with zip ties , Miller added . The NYPD 's Counter-Terror Bureau , the Intelligence Division and the Emergency Service Unit were on the bridge as the white flags were removed , according to an NYPD detective . "  At this time , it appears it has no particular nexus to terrorism or even politics , " Miller said . "  This may be somebody 's art project , or it may be an attempt at making some kind of statement , but at this point it 's not clear what that statement is . " NYPD Police Commissioner Bill Bratton called the incident a matter of concern and said that police are requesting the help of the public as they continue to look across social media for claims of responsibility . Miller said that the NYPD has video that shows a number of people crossing the bridge just after 3 a.m. Tuesday and within the hour , the light that normally illuminates the flag on the Brooklyn side of the bridge flickered and appeared to go out and a few minutes later the same thing occurred on the Manhattan tower . Miller added that he believes the bleached flags were made at home and that whoever did this might have had some climbing or construction experience . "  There is a standard level of security at the bridge ; apparently that security failed this morning or last night . Perhaps more security is needed , " a NYPD detective familiar with the investigation said . Miller said that there are two NYPD vehicles at each end of the bridge at all times , and after the news conference told reporters that the department is looking at putting NYPD cameras on the bridge . Should the incident just prove to be a stunt , some people do n't find the humor . "  If flying a white flag atop the Brooklyn Bridge is someone 's idea of a joke , I 'm not laughing , " Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams said in a statement . "  The public safety of our city is of paramount importance , particularly our landmarks and bridges that are already known to be high-risk targets . " Adams announced at a news conference Tuesday that he is offering a reward of $ 5,000 for information leading to the arrest of the person or people responsible . New York City Councilman Mark Weprin tweeted a photo of the flags Tuesday morning . "  I drive over the Brooklyn Bridge often , I thought , what the heck is that about ? " Weprin told CNN . "  I 'm curious and I 'm also concerned if it was vandals . " The Brooklyn Bridge opened in 1883 and at that time was the longest suspension bridge , according to the Department of Transportation . It has been designated a National Historic Landmark by the National Park Service , and a New York City Landmark by the Landmarks Preservation Commission . CNN 's Sonia Moghe and David Shortell contributed to this report .	Mysterious white flags are spotted atop the Brooklyn Bridge rush hour Tuesday NYPD 's Counter-Terror Bureau and Intelligence Division are called to the bridge NYPD detective to CNN : "  Perhaps more security is needed "
CNN  -- A Lionel Messi brace helped Barcelona to a 5-1 win over Athletic Bilbao and a new La Liga record on Saturday . With 13 wins and one draw so far , Tito Vilanova 's side surpass the previous record for the best start to a season set by Real Madrid back in 1991-92 . Gerard Pique put the home side ahead in the 22nd minute with Messi doubling the lead three minutes later . Adriano all but sealed the points with a goal at the end of the first half and Cesc Fabregas made doubly sure 12 minutes after the restart . Ibai Gomez goal in the 66th minute ensured Bilbao 's trip was n't completely wasted but it was Messi who once again had the final say putting away his second of the match moments later . The Argentine is now one goal away from equaling German Gerd Muller 's record of 85 goals in a calendar year set in 1972 . Read : Football remembers ` Christmas truce ' Barcelona 's nearest rivals in the title chase squared up to each other in the Madrid derby with Real overcoming Atletico 2-0 at the Bernabeu . A stunning 30-yard free kick from Cristiano Ronaldo in the 15th minute put Jose Mourinho 's men ahead before Mesut Ozil securing all three points with a strike in the 65th minute . The result sees Real reduce their arrears with Atletico to five points with Barca still 11 points ahead . Earlier on Saturday , Mauricio Pellegrino was sacked as manager of Valencia following a 5-2 defeat at the hands of Real Sociedad . The result sees Philippe Montanier 's side move up to seventh , one place behind Getafe who beat fourth-placed Malaga 1-0 . Meanwhile in Serie A , Juventus extended their lead over Napoli -- who play Pescara on Sunday -- to five points with a 3-0 home win over Torino . The visitors were reduced to 10 men in the 40th minute when Polish defender Kamil Glik was shown a red card . Juventus took full toll of the numerical advantage in the second half with two goals from Claudio Marchisio and one from Sebastian Giovinco .	Barcelona surpass Real Madrid 's record for best start to La Liga season with 5-1 over Bilbao Messi scores twice to leave him one short of Gerd Muller 's record for most goals in a calendar year Ronaldo and Ozil score for Real as they beat Atletico in Madrid derby Mauricio Pellegrino sacked as manager of Valencia following 5-2 defeat by Real Sociedad
Washington  CNN  Barack Obama may be the President of the United States , but for a few minutes on Monday , he was also Stephen Colbert , outgoing host of "  The Colbert Report . " Obama sat down for an interview with Colbert in Washington -- his third appearance on the show -- and surprised the host by taking over the taping for a segment . "  You 've been taking a lot of shots at my job , I 've decided to take a shot at yours , " Obama said before taking over for Colbert on "  The Word , " a segment where Colbert  in this case , Obama  says a line or two before a witty word or phrases flashes to the right . "  How hard can this be ? I am just going to say whatever you were about to say . " From there , Obama launched into a monologue about Obamacare , congressional Republicans and his last two years in office . "  Nation , " Obama said , referring to his audience like Colbert does . "  As you know , I , Stephen Colbert , have never cared for our President . That guy is so arrogant . I bet he talks about himself in the third person . " After talking about Obamacare , the President asked , "  How do you stop something that more and more people are starting to like ? " Next to Obama flashed "  Move it to CBS , " a nod to the fact that in two weeks Colbert will be stepping down from his Comedy Central show to take over for David Letterman at the "  The Late Show " on CBS . The President went on to detail how Republicans could stop Obamacare . "  They could pass a bill repealing Obamacare . But the President still has the veto and if I know that guy , he is willing to use it , " Obama said . "  And let 's face it , even if Republicans somehow did repeal it , they would have to replace it with their own health care plan . Once they touch it , they own it , and then if anything goes wrong , suddenly everybody will be complaining about Mitch McConnell-care . " "  Walk It Off.gov " then flashed next to the President . Near the close of the segment , Obama joked , noting that last year 's Obamacare rollout was "  a little bumpy . " "  I think that is where Disney got the idea for Frozen , " the President said to laughs . Obama stayed in character for the end of the segment , too . "  We will be right back with the leader of the free world , " the President said , looking at his page like he could n't remember his own name before adding , "  Barack Obama . " Following a break , Obama and Colbert sat down for a somewhat more traditional interview , where the President defended his decision to issue an executive action on immigration reform and the recent positive jobs report . "  The economy is growing at a faster rate than it has for years , " Colbert said . "  Why did n't you fix the economy before the midterm elections ? I would have done it before the midterms so people were happy when they voted . " "  Actually , the economy has been on a pretty good run , " Obama said , before listing a number of economic indicators about job creation and growth that his White House regularly pushes . "  I 'll give it to you . You 've employed a lot of people , mostly as secretary of defense , " Colbert said , a crack at the fact that Obama recently parted ways with his third , Chuck Hagel , and nominated his fourth , Ash Carter . On immigration , Obama said his decision to issue an executive order is "  scrupulously within the law " and something that both Democratic and Republican presidents have done . "  You realize you are an emperor now . It has been declared , " Colbert joked , referring to an attack some Republicans used against the President during his immigration decision . "  You are Barackus Maxamus the First . " Obama seemed to enjoy his time behind "  The Colbert Report " desk , too . "  I will say , I felt more powerful behind that desk , " Obama said . Colbert responded with a self-deprecating joke : "  With great power comes medium cable ratings . "	President Barack Obama was interviewed on "  The Colbert Report " Monday The President made jokes about Obamacare as well as Republicans Stephen Colbert will take over "  The Late Show " on CBS in two weeks
CNN  -- A spokesman for a national registry of radiologic technologists declined Friday to say whether the group was aware of a 2010 incident in which David Kwiatkowski allegedly tested positive for illegal drugs and was fired from an Arizona hospital . After being fired from the Phoenix hospital , Kwiatkowski went on to work at four more hospitals in four other states . He was arrested this month in New Hampshire in connection with stealing drugs from a hospital , and it 's believed he infected 30 people in that state with hepatitis C through infected syringes . Exeter Hospital in New Hampshire said it consulted the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists before hiring Kwiatkowski and he held the required certification for his cardiovascular tech position . The registry 's website says Kwiatkowski 's certification was "  summarily suspended " as of July 2012 . Kwiatkowski was working at Arizona Heart Hospital in 2010 when a fellow employee found him passed out in the men 's bathroom , according to documents obtained by CNN . Hepatitis C outbreak in New Hampshire strikes fear in 7 other states "  I looked in the toilet and spotted a 5 cc syringe and a needle floating in the water , " the employee said in a statement submitted to the Arizona Radiation Regulatory Agency . "  The label was a blue fentanyl label ... He then said ` Shit ... I am going to jail . ' " Fentanyl is a powerful narcotic frequently used in hospitals . Kwiatkowski flushed the syringe and needle down the toilet , according to the employee . Kwiatkowski was immediately fired from Arizona Heart Hospital , according to a hospital spokeswoman . He then relinquished his license as a radiologic technologist . "  I do n't have the resources nor money to fight the accusations , " Kwiatkowski wrote at the time . A few weeks later , he was working at Temple University Hospital in Pennsylvania , and then went on to work in Kansas and Georgia before working in New Hampshire . The agency that placed Kwiatkowski in the Arizona job reported the incident to the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists , according to a spokeswoman for the agency , Springboard , Inc. . A spokesman for the national registry said they 're investigating the allegations against Kwiatkowski . "  Because we have strict confidentiality policies , the status of an ongoing investigation is not released , " the registry said in a statement . Christopher Cook , a spokesman for the registry , declined to comment further . The director of the Arizona Radiation Regulatory Agency said officials stopped their investigation when Kwiatkowski moved out of state . "  We had no jurisdiction , " said Aubrey Godwin . "  If drugs or alcohol were involved , we would want to get blood tests done , but he was out of state , so it was sort of hard to implement . " An expert in so-called "  drug diversion " said it 's not uncommon for healthcare professionals to leave a state when they 're being investigated for drug use . "  They just move on to the next job , " said John Burke , president of the National Association of Drug Diversion Investigators . "  This is a much bigger problem than most people realize . " Godwin , the director of the Arizona licensing board , said he 's not sure if his group reported the 2010 incident to the national registry . "  It 's not clear . I ca n't say . It would have been just a phone call , and I do n't remember a phone call , but I 'm not sure on that one , " he told CNN . In the Exeter case , Kwiatkowski has been charged with obtaining controlled substances by fraud and tampering with a consumer product , namely a hospital syringe , according to an affidavit filed in federal court . He is suspected of stealing fentanyl , the affidavit said . Hepatitis C is considered to be among the most serious of hepatitis viruses . It is typically asymptomatic , going undetected until liver damage shows up , according to the Mayo Clinic . New Hampshire 's health department is asking everyone who was a patient in Exeter 's operating rooms and the intensive care unit between April 1 , 2011 , and May 25 of this year be tested . Those are two areas that Kwiatkowski visited during his "  routine duties to transport patients , " an Exeter Hospital statement said . But it added he "  was not involved with procedures or patient care . " Exeter , in a statement , said it conducted a background check and took other steps before hiring Kwiatkowski full time . U.S. Attorney John P. Kacavas said his office interviewed employees at Exeter who said they had seen Kwiatkowski acting strangely , one time sweating profusely and with bloodshot eyes . "  One of them described him as unfit to provide medical care and his supervisor sent him home , " Kacavas said . "  He provided a plausible explanation for his condition , which was that he had been crying his eyes out because his aunt had died and he was an emotional wreck . " According to state , county and hospital officials , he worked as a radiology technician and medical technician in cardiac catheterization labs in the following locations : -- Oakwood Annapolis Hospital in Wayne , Michigan , January to September 2007 ; -- Saint Francis Hospital , Poughkeepsie , New York , November 2007 to February 2008 ; -- UPMC Presbyterian , Pittsburgh , March 2008 to May 2008 ; -- Baltimore Veterans Affairs Medical Center , May 2008 to November 2008 ; -- Southern Maryland Hospital , Clinton , Maryland , December 2008 to February 2009 ; -- Maryvale Hospital , Phoenix , March to June 2009 ; -- Johns Hopkins Hospital , Baltimore , July 2009 to January 2010 ; -- Maryland General Hospital , Baltimore , January 2010 to March 2010 ; -- Arizona Heart Hospital , Phoenix , March 2010 to April 2010 ; -- Temple University Hospital , Philadelphia , April 2010 ; -- Hays Medical Center , Hays , Kansas , May 2010 to September 2010 ; -- Houston Medical Center , Warner Robins , Georgia , October 2010 to March 2011 . -- Exeter Hospital , Exeter , New Hampshire , April 2011 to July 2012 . Institutions say they are calling former patients and offering free testing , and that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is helping state health officers and hospitals tackle the problem . Kwiatkowski was arrested earlier this month after police found him in a Massachusetts hotel room "  in an intoxicated state " and took him to a hospital , the affidavit states . He is now being held in the Strafford County , New Hampshire , jail . He could face more than 20 years in prison if convicted . Kwiatkowski appeared in New Hampshire federal court Tuesday and waived his right to a detention hearing . Kacavas said it is possible more charges could be filed . Bjorn Lange , a public defender representing Kwiatkowski , told CNN Friday he would have no comment . Former hospital worker accused of transmitting hepatitis C CNN 's Jennifer Bixler , John Bonifield , William Hudson and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Arizona did not complete investigation of David Kwiatkowski NEW : Public defender declines to comment Kwiatkowski worked in at least eight states as a lab technician He also worked at a New Hampshire hospital where 30 patients got hepatitis C
CNN  -- Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini insisted his team wo n't give up the English Premier League title without a fight as their 2-0 win over European champions Chelsea Sunday saw them keep their slim hopes alive . Leaders and local rivals Manchester United had gone 15 points clear with a 2-0 win at bottom club Queens Park Rangers Saturday , but reigning champions City responded with a battling victory at the Etihad Stadium . And a defiant Mancini still has hopes of reeling in United after goals from Yaya Toure and Carlos Tevez saw off Chelsea . "  We ca n't think that it 's finished with 11 games to go . It 's not my mentality or my players ' mentality and we need to play like today . Both goals were fantastic , " he told Sky Sports . The game turned on an incident just after the break as Chelsea won a penalty when England goalkeeper Joe Hart brought down Demba Ba as he attempted to go round him . Hart escaped either a yellow or red card for his infringement then rubbed salt into Chelsea 's wounds by saving the resulting penalty from Frank Lampard , denying the midfielder his 200th goal for the Blues . "  I think Joe is the best keeper in England and one of the best in Europe , " said Mancini . City took the lead just after the hour mark as Toure received a fine pass from Spain star David Silva and scored with a low curling shot . With five minutes left , Silva and Sergio Aguero exchanged passes for Argentine ace Tevez to convert from the edge of the penalty area . The result has left City still 12 points adrift of United , while Chelsea have slipped up in the battle for Champions League spots and have just a two-point lead over fifth placed Arsenal . In Sunday 's other EPL match , Newcastle pulled six points clear of the relegation zone with an emphatic 4-2 win over fellow strugglers Southampton . Meanwhile , the first major domestic trophy of the English season was claimed by Swansea as they beat minnows Bradford 5-0 in the final of the League Cup at Wembley Sunday . Fourth flight Bradford knocked out Wigan , Arsenal and Aston Villa in a remarkable run to the final , but found Michael Laudrup 's men a hurdle too far . The writing was on the wall from the moment Nathan Dyer put Swansea ahead in the 16th minute after being played in by star striker Michu . Spanish star Michu grabbed the second with five minutes remaining of the first half before Dyer scored his second goal just after the break after being set up by Wayne Routledge . Bradford 's sorry afternoon was complete when they had goalkeeper Matt Duke sent off for fouling Jonathan de Guzman , who got up to convert the penalty to make it 4-0 . De Guzman completed the rout with an injury time fifth as his side clinched a Europa League place for next season .	Manchester City beat Chelsea 2-0 in the English Premier League Goals from Yaya Toure and Carlos Tevez seal win at Etihad Stadium City 12 points behind local rivals Manchester United in EPL title race Swansea thrash minnows Bradford to win the English League Cup
CNN  -- Mark your calendars : The midterm elections are n't yet decided , but there 's already a date scheduled for a 2016 presidential debate . With slightly more than two years until a new president is chosen , The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation announced Thursday its plans to host a televised debate for Republican primary candidates on Sept. 16 , 2015 at the Reagan Library in California . "  Ronnie would be so pleased to know that his presidential library continues to attract America 's leaders to discuss the future of the country he loved so dearly , " former First Lady Nancy Reagan said in a release from the Reagan Foundation , an organization geared toward promoting the GOP icon 's national legacy . "  I ca n't think of a better way to honor my husband than to keep the tradition of Reagan Library-hosted debates alive . " But do n't get too excited for a heated GOP faceoff : New rules from the Republican National Committee plan to limit the number of primary debates in the upcoming presidential contest after a series of contentious debates rattled the party leading up to 2012 . In a statement , the RNC 's Sean Spicer said the list of sanctioned debates will be announced later in the year . "  We are focused on Tuesday 's election , " he said . Although no Republicans have officially announced a 2016 White House bid , many potential contenders have made themselves known in recent months by stumping for midterm candidates . New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , for example , has made four trips to Iowa in recent months to support GOP candidates there . And Republican U.S. Senator Rand Paul recorded robocalls for a Florida Republican in a tight race to maintain his House seat . Both politicians are regarded as 2016 frontrunners -- that is , should they decide to throw their hats in the ring .	A GOP presidential primary debate has been scheduled for Sept. 2015 The debate will be hosted by the Reagan Foundation in California The RNC has not yet said whether it will sanction the debate
Atlanta  CNN  -- Despite protests outside his office and boycott threats , Georgia 's governor signed into law Friday one of the toughest anti-illegal immigration measures enacted by an individual state . The measure , which Gov. Nathan Deal inked about a month after it cleared the Republican-dominated Georgia Legislature , allows law enforcement officers to ask about immigration status when questioning suspects in certain criminal investigations . HB 87 also imposes prison sentences of up to one year and fines of up to $ 1,000 for people who knowingly transport illegal immigrants during the commission of a crime . It also asserts that workers convicted of using fake identification to get jobs could be sentenced to 15 years in prison and fined $ 250,000 . "  This legislation is a responsible step forward in the absence of federal action , " Deal said after the bill signing . "  Illegal immigration places an incredible burden on Georgia taxpayers . " As they have throughout the debate , leaders in the local Latino community railed against the measure . Among them were several dozen people who demonstrated Friday outside the governor 's office at the state Capitol , chanting , "  Shame on you . " The legislation drew threats of lawsuits targeting the bill , as well as boycotts aimed at forcing the government 's hand . The group Southerners on New Ground is calling for a national boycott of conventions and vacation travel to Georgia , while a blog entry on the website of the group Somos Georgia warned , "  Veto HB 87 or Boycott ! It 's your choice , Governor Deal !! " "  This is the beginning of a road that we 'll travel that will take a long time , " Teodoro Maus , president of the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights , said Friday in Atlanta . Similar efforts have been pursued -- with some success -- targeting other states that have passed legislation aimed at cracking down on illegal immigration . Nonetheless , anti-illegal immigrant bills can still be found from coast to coast . The National Conference of State Legislatures found that , in 2010 alone , more than 1,400 bills were introduced aiming to give individual states more of a role in immigration enforcement . Of those measures , 208 laws were enacted , 10 were vetoed , and 138 resolutions were adopted . The best-known such effort was in Arizona . Among other things , that legislation would have required local law enforcement officers in Arizona to apprehend and help deport illegal immigrants . The U.S. Justice Department sued , arguing that only the federal government has that authority . Last month , a three-judge panel on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sided with the Justice Department and against Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed SB 1070 into law last year . Brewer has asked the Supreme Court to lift the court order that is blocking enforcement of parts of the law . Wade Henderson , the head of the advocacy group Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights , blasted what he called Georgia 's "  odious piece of legislation . " He said it was a "  copycat " of the Arizona law and effectively legalizes "  racial profiling . " "  Georgia 's lawmakers have not learned from Arizona 's mistakes , " Henderson said Friday in a statement . "  These laws presume everyone is guilty , contradicting the fundamental American presumption that those accused are innocent until proven otherwise . " The Mexican government added Friday that it "  regrets " Deal 's decision to sign the law . "  The legislators and state executive ignored the many contributions of the immigrant community to the economy and society of Georgia , " the Mexican government said in a statement . But some who support the Georgia legislation -- including Deal and Phil Kent , a spokesman for the conservative group Americans for Immigration Control -- said it is not about discrimination but rather about protecting taxpayers . "  The illegal immigrants in our state have been swamping our hospitals and schools , " Kent said . "  It 's a very expensive proposition . We just want to make sure that people are welcome here and that they come here legally . And then we can cut back on the illegal immigration . " President Barack Obama 's administration has opposed such state-specific measures , including fighting them in court , saying that having as many as 50 different immigration policies  one for each state  would be counterproductive from a law enforcement standpoint and damaging from an international relations standpoint . Asked about HB 87 last month by CNN affiliate WSB , Obama defended the federal government 's actions . "  The truth on the matter is we 've done more on enforcement than any previous administration , " the president said . "  We have more border patrols ; we have had serious crackdowns on employers who are hiring undocumented workers . "	NEW : Mexico says legislators "  ignored the many contributions " of immigrants The bill lets law enforcement officers ask about immigration status in investigations Latino groups decry the measure , threatening lawsuits and boycotts
CNN  -- The president of Paris Saint-Germain says fans of the French club have overcome initial reservations about their new Qatari owners and have bought into their mission to make PSG the biggest team in the world . Nasser Al-Khelaifi told CNN World Sport that his vision for the club centers around attracting the finest players on the planet to ply their trade in the French capital and turning PSG into a profitable enterprise . Currently led by former AC Milan and Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti , PSG are in contention to win their first Ligue 1 title since 1994 and are close to securing their dream of competing in the European Champions League . So can PSG conquer the footballing world and become as big as Spanish and European champions Barcelona ? Arsenal back coach Wenger as club post profits of $ 78m "  This is our strategy to bring PSG on long term to be one of the biggest in the world , " he told World Sport anchor Pedro Pinto . "  We are not saying we are going to be the best club in the world , because it 's really tough ; you 've got history behind other clubs in the  English  Premier League or Spanish or Italian leagues so we are going to try and make it . "  For us , of course , with the passion of football you know we love football , we love Paris . Paris is a great city and it 's really that Paris deserved to have a big club in the world and that 's why we came to Paris and bought PSG . "  In the beginning some of the people for sure , they were against us but now I believe most of them or all of them they are with us , supporting us and PSG . Honestly I am so proud today of where we are . " Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani bought a 70 % share of PSG through his Qatar Sports Investments company in June 2011 and installed 38-year-old Al-Khelaifi as president . The ex-tennis professional recruited Leonardo as general manager and the Brazilian World Cup winner wasted little time in utilizing the new wealth at his disposal to splash a reputed $ 57 million on Argentina midfielder Javier Pastore . Ronaldo backheel keeps Real 10 points clear in Spain Another signal of the club 's intent to make waves in Europe came with their failed pursuits of Manchester City 's Argentina striker Carlos Tevez and former Manchester United and Real Madrid star David Beckham . But despite the vast sums of money being spent , Al-Khelaifi insists it is a long-term target of PSG to make the club profitable , and recruit players from the pool of young talent available in the French capital . "  That is our strategy , " he said . "  In five years we want to make money -- also you know we love football , we came to Paris as I said to be one of the biggest clubs in Europe . "  You know , our advantage for sure it 's Paris , it 's the capital , twelve million people live in and around Paris , you have got a lot of talented kids around Paris . "  You know the best French players come from Paris . If you see Thierry Henry ,  Lilian  Thuram , Nicolas Anelka you know it 's really worth it to look for them and look for the new  Lionel  Messi . Why not from Paris ? " But for now , the immediate target is to end the club 's 18-year wait for the French league title , and the lucrative rewards it would deliver in terms of a Champions League place . "  It 's going to be great in this stadium to see us playing against Barcelona or Real Madrid , " Al-Khelaifi said . "  This is one of our dreams . "	Paris Saint-Germain president tells CNN he wants to make club biggest in the world Nasser Al-Khelaifi in charge of running club after Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani 's takeover PSG are coached by former AC Milan boss Carlo Ancelotti and are second in French league Al-Khelaifi says it is the aim of PSG 's owner to attract the best players in the world
CNN  -- Pope Francis ' trip to South Korea memorialized the atrocities of the last century . On the way home , the Pope became embroiled in controversy about a conflict raging in the current one . During a lengthy discussion , Francis remarked on the spread of cruelty and torture before being asked about violence against religious minorities in Iraq , and whether he approved of the U.S. bombing campaign aimed at stopping the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . With what seemed careful deliberation , Pope Francis said : "  In these cases where there is an unjust aggression , I can only say this : It is licit to stop the unjust aggressor . I underline the verb : stop . I do not say bomb , make war , I say stop by some means . With what means can they be stopped ? These have to be evaluated . To stop the unjust aggressor is licit . " This response -- and the reaction to it -- says much about the complexity of running an organization that is at once modern and ancient , religious and political , international and parochial . But what exactly did he mean ? Was he , as a few excitable writers suggested , calling for a new crusade ? Certainly , much of the media response quickly fixated on what seemed to be approval for a military campaign and how a Pope -- the leader of the Catholic Church -- was seemingly sanctioning war against an Islamic caliphate . Actually , he was n't . Crusading , as defined by most historians , generally involved taking religious vows to head east and assist in military expeditions against Islamic powers in exchange for spiritual rewards  redemption from sin  . Historians have identified major campaigns as the First , Second , Third , etc. . Crusades . In response to these conquests , the local Islamic powers leveraged the idea of jihad to rally disparate Muslim groups together . Yet although the Crusades featured not just plenty of violence but also peaceful cross-cultural exchange , they are n't an example Francis wants to invoke . In fact , he is n't saying that anyone should take vows and go off to fight . Instead , Francis is making the point that taking action to stop evil is just . This idea of justified violence , even from Catholics , chiefly emerged from the writing of St. Augustine  354-430  . As Matthew Gabriele , associate professor of medieval studies at Virginia Tech , writes : "  Augustine argued that war was never desirable but was sometimes necessary . We must protect those who suffer from unjust aggression . If that could be accomplished without war , so much the better , but force could be used by legitimate authorities as a last resort . The end goal , however , was always -- and simply -- lasting peace . " That 's the context for understanding the ancient part of Francis ' response . The modern context emerged in how he concluded his answer . "  One nation alone can not judge how to stop an unjust aggressor , " Francis said . "  After the Second World War there was the idea of the United Nations . It is there that this should be discussed . Is there an unjust aggressor ? It would seem there is . How do we stop him ? Only that , nothing more . " Such pursuit of multiple perspectives to ward off bias is also Augustinian . In "  On Christian Doctrine , " St. Augustine argued that reading the Bible required special training because though the book contains all the truths of the universe , humans  flawed creatures that we are  are far too likely to assume that whatever we think is good is also what God thinks is good . To counteract this , St. Augustine prescribed a strict intellectual diet of the best liberal arts and science education the late Roman world could provide . Multiple perspectives help us discern what is truly just from what might just be convenient . In a way , that 's what Francis is doing with his words , too . He 's concerned that any individual leader or nation is far too likely to assume that someone with whom they disagree is unjust , and thus the principles of stopping unjust action instead becomes a tool for warmongering . Instead , he argues , we should try to find consensus before acting , collectively , to put an end to atrocity . "  We must also have memory , " Francis said . "  How many times under this excuse of stopping an unjust aggressor the powers  that intervened  have taken control of peoples , and have made a true war of conquest . " History teaches us all about the dangers of mission creep . And it also makes clear that when two sides engage in the rhetoric of religious war , things can deteriorate rapidly . Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein , for example , both routinely railed against the West as "  crusaders , " an accusation that gained traction in the Islamic world after President George W. Bush called for "  this crusade , this war on terrorism " after 9/11 . Francis does n't want to make a similar mistake . Indeed , while he named himself after a medieval saint who lived during the era of the Crusades , that St. Francis did n't actually go to war . Instead he went on mission , seeking  at least as we remember it today  dialogue and understanding . And that 's certainly been Pope Francis ' path so far . But when there is great suffering in the world , as is being inflicted on religious and ethnic minorities in areas controlled by ISIS , then Francis says one must act , while also drawing on both the ancient idea of justified war and the modern concept of international cooperation . The question , of course , is whether in a digital age -- when misinformation and misunderstanding spreads so fast -- Pope Francis can somehow find true harmony between old and new . His ability to do so will determine the lessons his papacy ultimately hands down for posterity .	Asked about bombing in Iraq , Pope Francis says it is "  licit to stop the unjust aggressor " David Perry says those remarks are n't a call for a new crusade , as some have suggested He adds that the Pope is trying to balance lessons of the ancient and modern
CNN  -- As they pressed their case in Washington to lawmakers and the national media , Trayvon Martin 's parents also explained they are not trying to make money off their slain son 's name . Last week , Travyon 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , filed two applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office to trademark the phrases "  I am Trayvon " and "  Justice for Trayvon . " Both phrases have become a rallying cry for supporters of the 17-year-old who was shot and killed February 26 in Sanford , Florida , by neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman , who has said he was acting in self-defense . Martin 's parents and supporters dispute Zimmerman 's claim and want him arrested . What the witnesses are saying "  We just appreciate the support that we 've been receiving , " Fulton told reporters Wednesday . "  We 're thinking about next steps and the plans we need to take right now to try to get some justice for our son . " Benjamin Crump , a lawyer for the family , addressed the trademark issue in a news conference on Capitol Hill late Tuesday after appearing with Martin 's parents at a forum on racial profiling and hate crimes . "  We keep getting called about trademarks and this kind of thing , " Crump said . "  There are so many people out there doing things with Trayvon 's name and some inappropriate people , so without that trademark they did not have the right to tell them to cease and desist . " Crump noted the attorneys who filed the trademark application volunteered to do so for the family . Fulton 's trademark applications covered digital media , CDs and DVDs featuring Trayvon Martin . Kimra Major-Morris , another lawyer for the family who filed the trademark applications , said the family was worried others could use the phrases to exploit the Florida teen 's death . One example she gave was someone falsely claiming to be raising funds for the family . "  There are going to be many , and we 've seen them already , who do n't have the family 's best interest at heart , " Major-Morris said . "  The purpose of the trademark filings is to protect against exploitation and to keep the heat on an arrest and that is really our goal and the family is not interested in a profit . " Major-Morris said Martin 's family supported efforts such as the public service announcement released this week by Grammy-winning singer Chaka Khan and is not trying to prevent people from using the phrases on T-shirts or hoodies , items they believe are helpful to their cause . Major-Morris said Martin 's family planned to start a foundation in his name and it was important to protect these phrases for the foundation 's eventual use . The goal of the foundation , she said , will be to help other families who are going through similar situations . Two days after Fulton 's applications were filed , Los Angeles musician Marcus Singletary applied for a trademark for "  Justice for Trayvon " hooded sweatshirts . Evolution of the hoodie "  In my opinion , Trayvon 's parents were correct when they cited the lack of civility by some popular media figures who have chosen to find significance in dissecting a teenager 's wardrobe as a somehow ` factual ' explanation for the child 's untimely  and , apparently , permissible  death by firearm , " Singletary wrote to CNN in an e-mail . "  The phrase summarizes the goals that we progressive-minded Americans have defined for ourselves , regarding the incident in question and its potential aftermath . " Singletary also said he would "  love to provide assistance to the family " assuming the product is successful . Applying for trademarks will not provide immediate legal protection for the family , according to trademark lawyers , because the applications usually take a year or more to process .	Trayvon Martin 's mom seeks to trademark "  I am Trayvon " and "  Justice for Trayvon " Family 's lawyers say trademarks are to keep unscrupulous from profiting on Martin 's name Family also would like to start a foundation in son 's name , lawyer says
CNN  -- You know , it 's not like older fathers do n't have enough to deal with . We have to keep that smile on our faces when the school 's reading adviser mistakes us for our son 's grandfather . We have to pretend not to notice how much more hair all the other dads have , how much younger their wives are and how much more well-equipped they are to coach the soccer team . That 's because when they were kids , they actually played soccer , while we grew up with more '60s - like pursuits , such as baseball , stickball and smoking dope . We have to listen to people saying we 're too old to keep up with our own kids , and we have to deal with the fact that they 're absolutely correct . But on top of all that , every two years or so , we have to deal with another study saying that we 're much more likely to produce children who have Asperger 's syndrome , attention deficit disorder , bipolar disorder and every other mental illness this side of mogo on the go go .  And we have to deal with the fact that all of the fathers of our kids ' friends are way too young to catch W.C. Fields references such as "  mogo on the gogo . " Study : Children of older dads at higher risk of psychiatric disorders A report published this week in JAMA Psychiatry confirmed this trend . It is a huge study of data about 2.6 million Swedish-born children and reveals that a guy like me , who became a father at 45  I was 46 , actually  , would be three or four times more likely to have a child with autism spectrum disorder . But look . When Max was born , they told me that because of my age , he was much more likely to have autism than , say , the child of a guy who had n't had his first prostate exam yet . They ran me through all the other things that could go wrong , which gave me great pause . It 's terrible , of course , to think that we older fathers are putting our children 's health at risk . Until you think about the alternative -- not having them at all . Then it gets tricky , does n't it Max has so far managed to survive my dotage and reach the sixth grade . I 'm writing quickly because I like to be done with work at 3:30 , when he gets home from school , so we can play a little catch or pingpong or even kick around a soccer ball before he starts on his homework . The thought that I might have listened to the scolds who chastised me for daring to think about having a child in my advanced years -- the thought that this boy might not have come into my life -- is utterly beyond my comprehension . I shudder to even think of Max never having been born -- and because I am a neurotic old Jew , I have to spit on the ground three times for even having written the words , like God will do whatever terrible things to us that we think or say , but then we spit three times he says , "  Oh , well , that 's much better then . " Where did we come up with this stuff ? As it turns out , Max does suffer from some anxiety disorder issues . Did he inherit them from me ? Were they caused by my creaky old decrepit sperm , as the studies suggest , or the cultural heritage that had him born to a father so neurotic that he made his son wear a football helmet to go on the swings ? Or is it just one of those things ? I have no idea . But I do know this : He is lucky to have me for a dad . He is lucky not despite my age but because of it . Because I am old enough to be done with the workplace striving that used to keep me in the office until way past what would have been his bedtime , had he existed then . Because I 'm content to work from home , for a much lower salary , so that I can be here to have that catch . To play that game of pingpong . And to counsel him and console him and help him come up with strategies when the anxiety gets to be too great . And yes , because I have worked all my life and am financially secure enough to get him the help that he needs -- to have him in a school that has responded incredibly well to his disorder . To find the best therapist in the world . And most importantly , he is lucky because I am old enough to give my son what I could never have given him when I was younger : patience . Older dads are more patient , I think , because we know we will probably never go through all this again . We know that these precious moments -- the bottles that gave way to sippy cups , the swings that gave way to skateboards , the Wiggles that gave way to Daft Punk -- these moments are golden gifts from God , and we understand that in a way that we never could have , in our salad days . And so we cherish them , and we savor them , and we believe that spending that time down on the floor when they are little , and in the backyard while they are growing , and at the table talking when they need us to be at the table talking , makes all the difference in the world . All the difference in their world , and in our own . Hey JAMA -- go study that for a change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Phil Lerman .	Phil Lerman : New study says kids from older dads more likely to have mental difficulties Lerman 's an older dad and has his challenges , such as being mistaken for son 's grandfather Despite the risks and challenges , Lerman says he could n't imagine not having his son Lerman : Older dads benefit kids with mental challenges ; they are lucky to have each other
CNN  -- Four-time African footballer of the year Samuel Eto'o has been banned for 15 games for his part in a players ' strike , the Cameroon Football Federation has reported . Cameroon 's national team captain was accused of inciting teammates not to play in a friendly against Algeria last month amid a row over bonus payments . The match in Algiers was eventually canceled . Cameroon 's players claimed they had not received money promised for playing in a four-nation tournament in Morocco the weekend before . Eto'o , who joined Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala from Inter Milan in August in a multi-million dollar deal , was handed the toughest penalty , while vice captain Enoh Eyong , who plays for Ajax , received a two-match ban . Tottenham Hotspur defender Benoit Assou-Ekotto was also fined $ 1,980 for not appearing at the tournament in Morocco despite being called up . The players have 10 days to appeal the decision , the federation said . Cameroon will now have to embark on their qualification campaigns for the 2013 African Nations Cup and the World Cup in 2014 without their captain and talisman . The team also known as the "  Indomitable Lions " failed to qualify for the African Cup in 2012 , and were the first country to be knocked out of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa .	Cameroon captain Eto'o accused of inciting teammates not to play in Algeria friendly The players claimed they had not received money for playing in a tournament in Morocco Eto'o joined Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala from Inter Milan in August in multi-million dollar deal
CNN  -- Authorities have seized more than 1,000 pirate costumes made in China and destined for sale in Washington state because they contained high levels of lead , officials said . Shipments worth $ 10,000 were on the way to a distributor in Seattle when they were seized by U.S. customs officials . The Consumer Product Safety Commission found the costumes contained more than 11 times the allowable level of lead . Officials did not specify when the seizures occurred but said the tainted products will be destroyed .	Costumes made for children had 11 times allowable lead limit Shipments were headed to a distributor in Seattle ; costumes will be destroyed
EW.com  -- You know that part in this pop-soul smoothie 's songs where the verse launches skyward into the chorus , Gavin DeGraw makes that I 'm - pounding-these-piano-keys-so-hard ! face , and a bajillion turtle doves explode from a rooftop somewhere ? Well , there 's a half-dozen good ones on his fourth full-length "  Sweeter . " ` Grey 's , ' ` HIMYM ' : Fresh TV spoilers ! Too bad the other half 's weighed down by painfully mopey , girl-done-left-me blues . " Everybody hurts , " DeGraw sighs . Dude , you 're telling us ? B - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Gavin DeGraw 's fourth full-length album is called "  Sweeter " Half the album is weighed down by painfully mopey , girl-done-left-me blues "  Sweeter " comes out on September 20
CNN  -- Historically the hometown dates on "  The Bachelorette " can be fraught with a touch of anxiety , but on Monday night 's episode there was an abundance of grief . The ABC reality series dealt with the death of contestant Eric Hill , who perished in a paragliding accident following his stint on the show . Hill was one of 25 bachelors vying for the heart of Andi Dorfman . Dorfman visited the hometowns of the four remaining contestants , but the show took a dramatic turn when host Chris Harrison had to inform the group of Hill 's passing . "  I know this is a little unorthodox , " Harrison said . "  You all know Eric Hill . He , a couple of days ago , was in Utah paragliding and was in a serious accident . We knew he was hurt bad , but we just did n't know how bad . We learned this morning that he passed away . Obviously I 'm really sorry to be the one to have to tell you . But as soon as we found out , I definitely wanted every one of you guys to know as fast as we could . " Dorfman broke down in tears and one of the bachelors , Marcus Grodd , had to leave the room . Dorfman was later shown sobbing and lamenting the fact that Hill was eliminated from the show after the pair had a disagreement . "  I kicked him out , " she said . "  I ca n't believe that was my last conversation with him . " Dorfman also rallied to help the others deal with the tragedy . "  It just puts in perspective all of this -- there 's so much more to all of this , " she told them . "  There 's life , people have lives here . " In his blog about the show for EW , Harrison defended the decision to include the heartbreak in the episode . "  There were those who did n't think we should shoot it at all and not include this news , " he wrote . "  I vehemently disagreed . I thought we should not only shoot it , but felt we should include it on this show for you to see as well . I knew this was going to be a brutally sad moment for all of us , but that 's why I felt so strongly we should show it . "	Andi Dorfman learned of Eric Hill 's death on Monday 's episode She broke down sobbing The show 's host defended the episode
Milan , Italy  CNN  -- About 150 people were missing Wednesday after a boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea , the Italian Coast Guard said . The boat was carrying about 200 passengers when it sank about 39 miles  62 kilometers  west off the island of Lampedusa in Maltese waters , the Coast Guard said . Maltese authorities were heading the rescue operation with the Italian Coast Guard assisting . Darkness and poor weather hampered the search when the first rescue boats arrived early Wednesday morning , officials said . Since then , rescue vessels have rescued 48 people and were looking for the rest . The passengers are believed to be of Tunisian descent .	The boat was carrying 200 passengers , the Coast Guard says 48 have been rescued Poor weather hampers rescue efforts
CNN  -- Southern hemisphere 's top three rugby nations completed a clean sweep of victories against their northern counterparts for the second successive weekend on Saturday . World champions New Zealand held off a late charge from Ireland to take an unbeatable 2-0 lead in their three-match series , winning 22-19 in the first international match played in Christchurch since the earthquake that devastated the city in February 2011 . South Africa also took a 2-0 lead against England , triumphing 36-27 in Johannesburg , while Australia edged out Six Nations champions Wales for the second weekend in a row , winning 25-23 in Melbourne . The All Blacks needed a late drop-goal from star flyhalf Dan Carter , now back in the fold after injury ruled him out of the business end of the World Cup , as both teams scored a try each . The Irish have never beaten the Kiwis in 107 years . "  It was a game we probably should n't have won but we showed some great composure , " said the Kiwis ' new coach Steve Hansen , whose team won 42-10 in the opening match of the series in Auckland . The Wallabies also needed late inspiration as replacement Mike Harris kicked a match-winning penalty after the fulltime siren to deny Wales a first win in Australia since 1969 . "  We 're hugely disappointed , having outscored Australia two tries to one , " caretaker Wales coach Rob Howley said . "  We gave them the opportunity through a lack of discipline in those last two minutes which they took . " The Springboks looked set for an impressive win against England , leading by 15 points at halftime . However , the tourists reduced the deficit to four points before 2007 World Cup-winning winger J.P. Pietersen scored the home team 's fourth try to extend their winning run over England to nine matches . "  I think we gave them some easy tries at one stage , " Springboks captain Jean de Villiers said . "  We played some great rugby in the first half , but credit must go to England for coming back and never giving up . " Bucking the trend , however , Six Nations strugglers Scotland defeated Fiji 37-25 , following up the 9-6 win over Australia earlier in their tour . Argentina were due to host France later on Saturday .	World champions New Zealand snatch 22-19 victory over Ireland in Christchurch Dan Carter kicks a late drop-goal to give the All Blacks a 2-0 series lead South Africa beat England for the second weekend in a row , winning 36-27 Wallabies deny Wales first in in Australia since 1969 with last-gasp penalty
CNN  -- Women in China have a lot more opportunities in business because it is "  not gender-based , it 's merit-based , " says one of China 's top female businesswoman . Jennifer Li , CFO of Baidu , the world 's largest Chinese-language search engine , sometimes referred to as "  China 's Google , " adds that China is a very female-friendly business environment . "  The society is very open and many companies create a level playing field when it comes to employment , " adds Li , who controls the corporate functions of a company worth nearly $ 32 billion . According to data from Beijing-based research firm Analysys International , Baidu has secured a staggering 78 % share of the world 's largest internet market -- China 's 500 million internet users . Baidu , founded by search engine expert and entrepreneur Robin Li  no relation  in 2000 , employs slightly more women than men , according to Jennifer Li . "  They 're very open , very communicative , very assertive and sometimes can be very aggressive , too , " she says of Baidu 's female employees . "  These women are all women with great ambition . You can tell their focus is not about , ` How do I fulfill a woman 's role as a mother or as a young woman trying to get married ? ' They 're more thinking about their lifetime career objectives . " Beijing-raised Li began her career in finance at General Motors , following an MBA at the University of British Columbia . She worked there for 14 years before joining Baidu in 2008 . Here Li talks to CNN about her management style , on balancing creativity with control and how to succeed as a woman in business . On women and work ... First , do n't think that being a woman is a big deal . If you are sensitive about ' I am a young Asian woman , ' that noise is coming into the professional setting . Focus on the issue . Focus on what we need to do here , not who we are . Measure yourself only by the standard that you deliver specific work objectives . Interactive : Boardroom quotas for women explained On success ... It 's not like you have good luck that drops on you . If you consistently have high standards for yourself , and are constantly learning and improving , you 'll become somebody that maybe years ago you aspired to be . On gender ... Gender is not a factor . To become a successful career person , it 's about passion for excellence , not easily giving up on things , and it is about really connecting yourself to have very full perspectives , so you are unique and bring value somehow . Meet Fortune 500 's female powerbrokers On being nice ... People know that I have a high standard , and maybe they think ` She 's a very tough boss , ' but in reality I 'm very warm . I chatter with people about stuff and I would remember if you told me your wife had an operation . I remember all that naturally , not by design . On Baidu ... Nobody tells you what you need to do . People wander around ; they show up at work whenever and they leave whenever . That has been the way Baidu has operated all along . It 's a very self-initiated environment ... you define your own work , you define your own value . Whether you 're good or not , the result will speak for itself . On control vs. creativity ... The key is to put order and process in the critical areas -- not everything -- so you give people a feeling that they are very free but at the same time , you give management the kind of comfort that this company is in control . On standards ... I have a true dedication for excellence . It 's that attitude that makes me very different from others . I really think it makes a difference . When I was a young analyst , you needed to leave a market update voicemail for the company executives . All my colleagues would stutter or forget about things , but I would record my message until it was perfect and then send it . 10 most powerful women in tech On the evolution of management ... The higher up you go , the more time you spend managing people rather than managing projects . On her two children ... I hope they grow up to be noble people , have virtues and great values . I feel I have n't spent enough time with them and therefore I do n't have very much control of that situation . But I can only create the best environment for them to be who they are and hopefully they are great people as they grow up . On childhood dreams ... I wanted to be an astronaut because I felt it was an intellectual and physical challenge . But today I love what I do . I 'm very fit and I 'm happy with where I am .	China 's work environment gives women more opportunities for success , says top businesswoman Jennifer Li is CFO of Baidu , the world 's largest Chinese-language search engine Baidu , which has 78 % share of China 's internet market , employs slightly more women than men , says Li Li : "  Gender is not a factor . To be a successful career person , it 's about a passion for excellence "
CNN  -- In an age when people are encouraged to collect hundreds of Facebook "  friends " and thousands of Twitter followers , some social media users , particularly young ones , are going smaller . Yes , Facebook and Twitter remain the juggernauts of social sharing -- Facebook with more than 1.2 billion active users and Twitter with more than 240 million of its own . But over the past couple of years , it 's been smaller social sharing and messaging tools , most of them mobile apps , that have gotten the most buzz and gained the most users . These services encourage users to target personalized messages to individuals or small groups instead of broadcasting posts to larger networks of people . That does n't mean folks are ditching Facebook for the silly photos of Snapchat or the 6-second videos of Vine . But these emerging social hangouts increasingly are where young users are communicating with each other . "  I think it is too early to say that they 're abandoning the larger social networks , but certainly the audience for those networks is now fragmented , " said Shayla Thiel-Stern , a journalism professor at the University of Minnesota who focuses on digital media and culture . According to a GlobalWebIndex survey from last fall , the two fastest-growing apps used by teens were Vine , which lets users share brief video clips , and WeChat , a Chinese mobile text and voice messaging app . Usage of WeChat had increased a whopping 1,021 % from the beginning of 2013 . Among those same teens , 56 % said they were active on Facebook , compared to 76 % at the beginning of the year . "  We did see a decrease in daily users , partly among younger teens , " Facebook chief financial officer David Ebersman acknowledged during an earnings call at the end of last year . That 's no surprise , according to Thiel-Stern . "  First , young people are always looking for the coolest new thing , and now that their parents and grandparents are on Facebook , it 's certainly not a cool new thing , " she said . "  Some of it is social currency , in general . "  Second , younger people have truly embraced the move to apps that are a combination of visual , mobile and social . They carry phones that are set up to shoot photos and videos and they are quite conditioned -- perhaps by their early years on Facebook -- to sharing experiences in a way that previous generations might not be . " As opposed to a single new destination , alternate social usage has spread to a host of tools . In 2013 , Snapchat , Instagram and Vine were all downloaded from Apple 's app store more frequently than Twitter or Facebook . WhatsApp , the messaging tool that Facebook bought for $ 19 billion last month , has more than 450 million users worldwide . And Instagram , a photo-sharing network that feels more intimate than Facebook  despite being bought by Facebook  , now has more than 150 million users . The most recent buzz coming out of Silicon Valley is small , anonymous social apps like Secret and Whisper . Those apps combine the joys of scandalous water-cooler gossip with the Internet 's ability to keep us anonymous while we do it . You 're still posting to your established social networks , but nobody knows which friend said what . That speaks to one reason some observers see a move to smaller social networks . Putting one 's best foot forward -- particularly in a way that will please Mom and Dad , your co-workers , your drinking buddies and your high school pals all at once -- gets hard after a while . Last year , the Pew Research Internet Project conducted focus groups with teens who said they had become less excited about Facebook , "  disliking the increasing adult presence , people sharing excessively , and stressful ` drama . ' " The report noted , though , that few of them had stopped using the site altogether . In fact , those with the largest networks on Facebook  more than 600 friends  were also the most likely to retreat at times to other , smaller social media . Path , launched by former Facebooker Dave Morin in 2010 , limits users to no more than 150 friends .  It was originally just 50 .  The app has n't fully lived up to the hype it received when it rolled out , and its growth has been hampered , in part , by privacy snafus early in its existence . But it has continued to chug along and now has more than 25 million registered users .  The company has not given out more detailed information , including the number of those users who are active . Morin 's theory for the app was based on research by Oxford University psychologist and anthropologist Robin Dunbar . Dunbar opined that our brains only have the ability to maintain 150 stable relationships . Anything above that , and the relationship becomes more superficial . "  Some social media sites have become so large that , ironically , the social component is now lacking , " said Itai Himelboim , a University of Georgia telecommunications professor who studies the role of social media in news and politics . "  One can not maintain relationships with more than a couple of dozens of friends , online or offline . " For many , sites like Facebook and Twitter have become "  personal broadcast tools " that allow them to inform big groups about events in their lives , but not really share much , he said . "  Smaller social media spaces , especially specific to an area of interest or a skill , can become an alternative , where users can create a manageable social network , where they can invest in interpersonal relationships , " said Himelboim , who teaches a course in social media analytics . Some people have reported fatigue from the effort required to maintain their social presences on big sites . "  Twitter and Facebook ... are like giant auditoriums where we put on ` public performances . ' And those have grown exhausting , " Brian Moore , co-founder of Cloak , a privacy app , told CNN . "  That 's why Snapchat felt so refreshing . " Snapchat lets users exchange photo-based messages that disappear after a few seconds , easing the pressure some feel to compose posts that will be widely liked and shared . That 's a topic author and marketing consultant Jay Baer was tackling back in 2011 , around the time the "  small social " surge was starting . In a piece titled "  Social Media , Pretend Friend and the Lie of False Intimacy , " he quoted social media buzz phrases like "  Social media makes a big world smaller " and "  LinkedIn is for people you know , Facebook is for people you used to know , Twitter is for people you want to know . " "  All of these chestnuts are passed around like a flu strain because they make intuitive sense , " Baer wrote . "  But common among them is the underlying premise that interacting with more people is inherently better than interacting with fewer people . I have always believed this to be true , and in fact have delivered the lines above in presentations and on this blog . But today , I 'm no longer convinced . "	In the Facebook age , many users are turning to smaller social media Apps like Snapchat , Vine and WhatsApp have seen huge growth Scholars say larger networks grow too big for our brains to handle Survey : Teens with most Facebook friends most likely to use a smaller network
CNN  -- Jason Moran is a jazz musician who has one foot in the past , one in the future and a career grounded in the present . From the past , Moran has built on the tradition of Thelonious Monk and other jazz greats . For the future , Moran looks to a new crop of musicians , teaching the next group of performers . In the present , there is his new album , "  TEN . " Moran shares where he has been and why "  knowing when to ` shut up ' is extremely important . " Who are you ? How do you define yourself ? I am Jason Moran , son of Mary and Andrew Moran , brother of Yuri and Tai Moran , husband of Alicia Hall Moran , father of Jonas and Malcolm Moran . I define myself as an American jazz pianist , father and teacher . Music is my livelihood and art is my life . My fatherhood is contribution to the earth , and my music is my contribution to the function of humans . What is something that everyone should know about you ? I 'm a jazz pianist that makes a living by composing/teaching/performing music . I compose music for my band , for film and in collaboration with artists of all genres . From Simon Schama to Kara Walker . I am currently on faculty at the New England Conservatory . I 've been teaching since 1998 . I was a student to a lot of great teachers , and now I enjoy sharing my experience with the younger musicians coming up the jazz ladder . I perform about 130 concerts per year around the world . Music is my life . What prepared you for where you are now ? The village that raised me in Houston , Texas , prepared me for where I am now . The village is my aunts , uncles , cousins , grandparents , brothers . ... The values I learned as a young boy in Houston are what have been integral to my success . Southern hospitality is a serious characteristic . Knowing when to "  shut up " is extremely important . Knowing how to show respect to older people/musicians is a major factor as well . I work with people from 20 to 80 , and each musician is different . Having older musicians tell me early on , sometimes very bluntly , what they liked or did n't like in my playing also helped . There is a jazz village that raises its young jazz musician -LSB- s -RSB- . The jazz village has helped my career tremendously , and prepared me for the climate today as a contemporary musician . What is the biggest obstacle you 've ever had to overcome ? How did you get there ? Deciding to be a jazz musician was the largest obstacle , because I did not understand how to make a living as one . I figured it out once I began working and touring . I got there by studying vigorously , and asking questions of myself and my peers . I studied and conceptualized ideas so much that when the big opportunity arose , performing with then-Blue Note artist Greg Osby , I took the music by the reins and began to run wild with it . What would you tell your younger self about who you are now ? How would you advise your younger self about how to get to where you are now ? I would n't tell my younger self anything . All of the good and bad things that happened to me on my journey all inform me of how to live as a contemporary artist/musician . And I can not complain about where I am . What are your guilty pleasures ? My guilty pleasure is buying contemporary art . An expensive habit I usually can not afford . What do you believe in ? I believe that music can heal .	Jason Moran performs jazz all over the world and also teaches music to the next generation He says in the jazz world , a "  village " helps the younger generation by providing guidance from the older generation
CNN  -- It 's crazy golf on an insane scale -- a putting green swimming in a giant bowl of noodles and chopsticks , the Great Wall of China for a hazard , a fairway threading through Mayan ruins and a panda-themed hole . China is getting into golf in a big way ahead of the sport 's reintroduction to the Olympics in 2016 , and even its take on the mini version of the game is larger than life . "  Traditionalists will probably hate it , " says design guru Brian Curley , principal partner in Schmidt-Curley , the company behind the 22 courses that make up the Mission Hills complex in Hainan Island . "  But this is real golf , with real clubs on real fairways , " he told CNN . Just about everyone has tried their hand at crazy or mini-golf , a scale-down variant of the game which has the ability to delight and infuriate in equal measure . Usually situated at seaside resorts or other leisure locations , the prerequisites for success are a modicum of actual golfing skill , the ability to putt in a straight line or at unlikely angles off prominent obstacles -- and a large slice of luck . President Barack Obama , who takes every opportunity to hit the fairways when not leading the Western world , even tried his hand at crazy golf while on holiday with his family in Florida in 2010 . Making a par on his opening hole , he then had to watch as his nine-year-old daugher Sasha made a hole in one , besting her dad in front of the gathered ranks of the world 's media . Obama might well be tempted to put his handicap on the line at the ground-breaking new course being constructed at Curley 's Mission Hills Haikou development . Combining the wacky elements of mini-golf with the "  grown-up " version of the game , the proposed 18-hole layout would leave little chance of aces by nine-year-olds -- but still plenty of chances of humiliation for the average golfer . Fantasy golf Mindful of the impression that there is a "  sameness " to the courses being churned out in their droves in the fastest expanding golf market in the world , Curley and his team wanted to come up with something that he felt would appeal to the wider Chinese public and other visitors to the resort . So instead of bunkers , rough and trees , the players will be faced with a replica of the Great Wall of China winding its way the length of a 400-meter par four hole . It also has a hole to rival the infamous "  island green " seen at TPC Sawgrass in Florida , home of the the U.S. PGA Tour 's Players Championship . That tricky 17th sees the best in the world attempt to hit their ball onto a tiny green surrounded by water , and spectators delight in seeing the likes of Tiger Woods find the lake . At Mission Hills ' new course , set to open in 2014 , the water is replaced by an 80-meter wide noodle bowl with 50-meter giant chopsticks . Standing on the tee , players will not know whether to laugh or cry , and the degree of difficulty may not end there . Tiger Woods eyes long rivalry with McIlroy Wind machine Curley is promising the addition of "  man made " gale force winds on each tee , adjustable depending on the standards of the players and available by hitting a red button . There is a par-5 threading its way through Mayan ruins , while another green is created in the image of the "  Birds Nest " Olympic Stadium in Beijing . Another hole is styled after China 's favorite animal , the panda bear . On a conventional golf course , the degree of difficulty is often dictated by which tee the player chooses to play from . Leading professionals play from the tees furthest from the hole , while higher handicappers can opt to hit their first shot from much closer . On the Chinese fantasy course , one of the par-3s will give golfers the choice of hitting their ball onto a tiny green surrounded by lava rocks . In true mini-golf fashion , the other easier option at the volcano theme hole will let players hit towards a mound from which the ball will be whisked nearer the hole down a pipe . Curley and his team needed the permission of the owners of the complex before committing to the costly project , but Mission Hills ' chairman Dr. Ken Chu is an enthusiastic backer . "  This will be a fun alternative for families , novices and children on holiday , " he was quoted in the Asian edition of Golf Course Industry International . Only time will tell if Chu 's faith in the project proves founded , but the Mission Hills group has already established itself as a host venue of leading professional tournaments . Last year the Hainan Island development staged the World Cup teams event for the first time , taking over from the Mission Hills complex at Shenzhen . This year Shenzhen was the venue of the prestigious HSBC-World Golf Championship event , won by Englishman Ian Poulter . The Ryder Cup hero conquered the conventional bunker-bound Olazabal course in 21 under par , but knowing Poulter 's reputation as a golfing trendsetter , he will probably be itching to test his mettle on Curley 's new wacky creation at the first opportunity . Schwartzel triumphs at Alfred Dunhill	Ground-breaking new golf course under construction at Mission Hills in China It will incorporate traditional golf with aspects of crazy or mini golf One of the holes has an 80-meter wide noodle bowl and giant chop sticks Designers believe it could spark a new trend in China and wider market
Charles Smith insisted Sunday that the former NBA players who went to North Korea for a basketball diplomacy trip , led by Dennis Rodman , were n't paid by the repressive regime . "  Absolutely not . I think I am astute enough to understand the dynamics , especially collecting monetary dollars from North Korea . No , we did not get paid from North Korea at all , " he told CNN in a lengthy exclusive interview on "  New Day Sunday . " Smith , who retired from the NBA in 1997 after nine seasons , said an Irish online betting company and a documentary film crew paid expenses for the ex-players turned hoops ambassadors . Last month the Irish company , Paddy Power , said it had removed its name from Rodman 's project after the execution of Kim 's uncle and top aide , Jang Song Thaek . But it said it would honor its "  contractual commitments " to the team . Speaking by satellite from Beijing , Smith said it was n't about the money . He saw it as an opportunity to go to a reclusive country and exchange cultural information with other athletes and citizens . But he did n't see it as a birthday present for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  That 's the date that was set . I did n't know it was his birthday , " he said in the half-hour interview . "  And it did n't matter to me once I found out that it was his birthday . " Smith said he felt for Rodman , who asked for his help organizing the trip and who really seemed to want to pull off a big event . "  I saw the pressure mount . I saw him change , and it was very difficult keeping him and everyone together  once controversy began over traveling to North Korea  , " he said . Rodman arrived at Beijing airport on a flight from Pyongyang on Monday morning , the last of the team 's players to leave North Korea . The players ' trip also met with criticism because North Korea still holds Kenneth Bae , a U.S. citizen who was arrested in November 2012 , convicted last spring by Pyonyang of "  hostile acts " intended to topple the government , and sentenced to 15 years in a labor camp . Some questioned whether the players would advocate for his release , but they did n't -- at least not publicly . "  We did n't go there for that . We went there to do what we normally do , and that 's to be cross-cultural ambassadors and use the game of basketball as a bridge for exchange , " he said . Smith said the difference between this trip and other sports exchanges was that the players were n't sent as representatives of the United States . "  We 're athletes doing it ourselves , " he said . When celebrity meets brutality Smith said he has no regrets about going . He said he was able to meet some North Korean citizens and even came across one man who winced before shaking the hand of the first African-American he had ever met . Smith said the man told him they did n't have a very good view of African-Americans . The man rubbed his hand as if the color would come off , Smith said . Rodman appears to bow , sings ` Happy Birthday ' to North Korea 's Kim "  Then the next day after we talked for a while , he came up to me and said he was sorry , " Smith said . The former NBA player , who now travels frequently as a basketball ambassador , said he did n't go to any areas where people are hungry . Smith also swapped sports stories with North Korea 's sports minister and basketball players from the national team . He thinks that will be a positive outcome from the trip . "  We accomplished a relationship on the sports side in North Korea , " he said . "  Where it goes from there , I do not know at this point in time . But we established a relationship . They 've asked us to come back . Whether we go back or not , I 'm not sure . I do n't know . But there was a relationship established between a group of individuals in two different countries that do n't communicate . " Rodman apologizes for North Korea outburst , says he 'd been drinking	Dennis Rodman arrives at Beijing airport after leaving North Korea The basketball players were n't acting as political liaisons , Charles Smith tells CNN In 30-minute interview he says he felt for Dennis Rodman , who put a lot of pressure on himself Smith says he did n't know the date of the contest was the birthday of North Korea 's leader
CNN  -- William Potts , the "  homesick hijacker " who returned from a life on the lam in Cuba to the United States in November , may soon plead guilty to commandeering a passenger plane to the island at gunpoint in 1984 , according to U.S. federal court documents . After Potts ' arrival and arrest in Miami , Potts ' family said they feared he had made an error by handing himself over . "  It 's taking a toll on my family to think he might go to prison again , " Mekoda Potts , his brother , told CNN . "  They are trying to put him away for another 20 years ? It 's not right . " But according to recent court documents , the hijacker has been meeting with prosecutors and may soon agree to a plea deal . "  In all likelihood this case will be resolved without the necessity of a jury trial , " assistant public defender Robert Berube said in court documents . "  However obtaining the potential discovery in this case is complicated . " The discovery includes documents from the State Department that could back Potts ' assertion that he already spent more than a decade in a Cuban jail for the hijacking . On Wednesday , a federal judge agreed to postpone the start of Potts ' trial from December to March to give his attorneys more time to obtain those documents . A militant past Nearly 30 years ago , Potts was a black militant hoping to overthrow the United States government by violent means . After smuggling a pistol aboard Piedmont Airlines flight in a fake cast , Potts threatened to kill everyone aboard the plane if the pilot did n't divert the aircraft to Cuba . "  We are all going to hell or Cuba , " Potts said he told the pilot of the Miami-bound flight . In Cuba , Potts said , he believed he would be given military training by the government to carry out his armed struggle in the United States . Instead , Potts was tried by the Cubans for the hijacking and sentenced to 15 years in jail . Potts said he served more than 13 years in Cuban jail and then nearly two more years under a conditional release program . During that time , he said , he received regular visits from U.S. diplomats . Those visits could be key to a possible reduction of the 20 years to life-sentence that Potts now faces in the United States . "  I am sure that any American can understand that 15 years in prison in a communist country is 15 years , " Potts told CNN in October . "  It 's not a club med situation . " Potts had petitioned U.S. authorities for more than a year to be able to return to the United States , even though he still faced air piracy charges there . The hijacker said he wanted to return home to see family , including the two daughters he had in Cuba and then sent to live in the United States . In November , U.S. authorities issued Potts a single-use passport and arranged for two American diplomats to escort him from Havana to Miami . "  I understand I will be taken into custody , after that I do n't know what to expect , " Potts told CNN aboard the plane flight from Havana . "  That act of terrorism that I did has come back to haunt me every day . " FBI agents arrested Potts as he stopped off the plane .	William Potts , who hijacked a plane and forced it to Cuba in 1984 , served time in Cuba He returned to the United States last month and seeks a plea deal in federal court Potts on his prison time : "  15 years in prison in a communist country is 15 years "
CNN  -- Superstar Lady Gaga will have surgery to repair a tear in her hip and has canceled the rest of her "  Born This Way Ball " tour , Live Nation announced Wednesday . The singer has a labral tear of the right hip caused by strenuous repetitive movements , the tour operator said . "  She will need surgery to repair the problem , followed by strict down time to recover . This unfortunately will force her to cancel the tour so she can heal , " a statement said . Gaga said Tuesday that several shows would be postponed because of an injury she had been hiding . "  I 've been hiding a show injury and chronic pain for sometime now , over the past month it has worsened , " she tweeted Tuesday afternoon . "  I 've been praying it would heal . " On Tuesday , the singer described her injury as synovitis , a severe inflammation of joints . Fans can get refunds for the canceled performances at point of purchase starting Thursday , Live Nation said . Photos : Before she was Lady Gaga	Lady Gaga cancels tour , will have hip surgery to repair tear Singer will need "  strict down time to recover , " tour operator says She said Tuesday that she had been hiding her injury
Washington  CNN  -- It 's almost crunch time . The midterm elections are a little less than seven months away . Up for grabs in November 's midterms is control of the U.S. Senate , where Democrats hold a 55-45 majority but are defending 21 of the 36 seats up in November , with half of those seats in red or purple states . Democrats need a net gain of 17 seats this November to win back control of the Republican-led House of Representatives , a feat that political handicappers say is unlikely in part because of the shrinking number of competitive congressional districts . And do n't forget the battle in the states , where three dozen governorships are at stake . The GOP is defending 22 of the 36 seats up for grabs in November . Key races to watch in 2014 Here are seven important dates and times between now and November that could affect the midterm elections :  Mid-April : Obamacare numbers -- The Department of Health and Human Services will release its last enrollment report for the Affordable Care Act 's first year , including key demographic information . The key number that will affect the political arguments over Obamacare will be the percentage of younger people who have signed up for health insurance through the federal and state exchanges . Republicans , who oppose the federal health care law , are attempting to frame the midterms as a referendum on the sweeping measure , which is President Barack Obama 's signature domestic achievement .  May 20 : Kentucky and Georgia primaries -- Seven of the 12 Republican senators running for re-election this year did face , or still are facing , primary challenges from the right . The most high-profile of that group is Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . He 's being challenged by Louisville businessman Matt Bevin , who enjoys the backing of some tea party groups and other conservative organizations . McConnell 's considered the overwhelming favorite to win the primary , but his margin of victory may tell us a lot about his prospects in the general election , where he 'll face off against Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes . Georgia is one of five other states holding primaries on May 20 . All eyes are on the GOP battle to succeed retiring Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss . Along with Kentucky , Georgia is the only other state where Democrats right now hope to go on the offense in the battle for the Senate . There are five major candidates fighting for the GOP nomination , and if one of the more conservative contenders wins , Democrats think their candidate , Michelle Nunn  daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn  , may have a good shot at winning the seat . If there 's no outright winner on primary day , a runoff for Georgia 's GOP Senate nomination will take place on July 22 .  June 3 : Mississippi and Iowa primaries -- Of the Republican senators facing primary challenges , Thad Cochran is the most threatened . The six-term senator from Mississippi is being challenged by state lawmaker Chris McDaniel , who enjoys strong backing from conservative groups and tea party activists . And last month , McDaniel landed the endorsement of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . The 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee still carries a lot of pull with many on the right . If McDaniel wins , it could be one of the few victories this year for the grassroots in their battle with the party establishment . "  McDaniel has the best chance of any anti-establishment Senate hopeful to knock off an incumbent , and the defeat of Thad Cochran would send shock waves through both the national media and the Republican Party , " said Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . Iowa is one of seven states holding primaries on June 3 . Several GOP candidates are vying for their party 's Senate nomination in the race for the seat of retiring five-term Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin . The outcome of Iowa 's Republican primary could determine how good a chance the GOP has in November against Rep. Bruce Braley , who hopes to keep the seat in Democratic hands .  Late June : All eyes will be on the Supreme Court as it is likely to issue what may be a major ruling on the Affordable Care Act . The justices will rule on a lawsuit , brought against the federal government by the family-owned arts-and-crafts chain Hobby Lobby , over a requirement under the health care law that certain for-profit corporations provide contraception coverage to their workers . At issue is whether secular , private corporations can claim a religious exemption from federal laws . There 's a companion appeal from Conestoga Wood Specialties , owed by a Mennonite family in Pennsylvania . The rulings in these cases could clarify whether some businesses have a religious liberty right , or whether such constitutional protections apply only to individuals . The rulings will also put Obamacare right back in the political spotlight , giving either Democrats or Republicans some bragging rights .  June 30 : The last day of June is also the last day of the second quarter of fundraising . Starting July 1 , campaigns and party committees begin reporting their cash hauls to the Federal Election Commission  the filings are due by July 15  and in many cases publicize their fundraising figures in the media . The numbers will be scrutinized , as campaign cash is one of the key indicators of a candidate 's or party 's strength .  Late summer/early fall : Some states will begin to announce how much health insurance premiums will rise in 2015 for policies acquired through the Affordable Care Act . Even though health insurance premiums tend to rise every year , big jumps in premiums could damage Democrats who defend the health care law .  October 3 : The Labor Department releases the September unemployment report , the final jobs numbers before midterm elections . While Obamacare is an important issue in the 2014 contests , the economy remains the top issue on the minds of American voters , and the top economic concern remains jobs . Just as the final jobs report before the 2012 presidential election was in the spotlight , this report will also face a lot of scrutiny . CNN White House Producer Adam Aigner-Treworgy and CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The midterm elections are just seven months away Obamacare numbers , primaries in a number of states will influence those elections Summer Supreme Court ruling on Obamacare contraception mandate also closely watched Fundraising figures and jobs numbers will also factor in midterms
For 19 years , the cold case of two slain prostitutes weighed heavily on the small military town of Oak Grove , Kentucky , especially after the brothel 's madam publicly accused two allegedly corrupt police officers of the killings . Because the madam 's accusation was boldly made during a City Council meeting three years after the deaths , everyone in town has long known of the suspicions , but local police and the Christian County Sheriff 's Office were unable to crack the case . Now , a seven-year investigation by the Kentucky State Police has resulted in charges against the two police officers , both of whom have since left the force , and a third man . One of the former officers was a detective who appeared at the crime scene with other officers to investigate the killings , said one former officer who was first on the scene . For now , Oak Grove , adjacent to the U.S. Army 's Fort Campbell , is feeling relief from the tantalizing mystery , but the town 's mayor said Wednesday he suspects the case could become even bigger . "  I think this is just the tip of the iceberg . I think there are more arrests coming , " said Dan Potter , who was n't mayor when the killings occurred in 1994 . "  Would n't the other police officers know ? " One of the former officers , Leslie Duncan , 50 , already is serving a three-year prison sentence after pleading guilty in September to tampering with physical evidence in the case , state police said . Duncan , of Central City , Kentucky , was charged this month with two counts of complicity to murder , police said . Former officer Edward T. Carter , 43 , of Somerset , Kentucky , was charged with two counts of murder and is being held by the Warren County , Ohio , Sheriff 's Office pending his extradition to Kentucky , said Kentucky State Trooper Stuart Recke said . It was not immediately clear if Carter has retained an attorney . A third man who was never a police officer , Frank J. Black Jr. , 39 , of Gadsden , Alabama , also was charged with two counts of murder and is being held by Alabama authorities pending extradition to Kentucky , Recke said . Black 's father , Frank Sr. , told CNN that his son -- who was living in nearby Clarksville , Tennessee , at the time of the killings -- is innocent and says he is n't sure how his son came to be associated with Duncan and Clark -- or if they were at all . Carter and Black are being held in lieu of $ 1 million bail , Recke said . Duncan 's attorney , Stephanie Ritchie , said his client "  maintains his innocence and denies being involved in the murders or intentionally doing anything to cover up or conceal the identities of the murderer or murderers . " "  Mr. Duncan pled guilty in September of this year as a result of his mishandling of the police investigation immediately following the murders in 1994 , " Ritchie said . "  He expressed remorse and regret to the victims ' families and to the court for his inadequacies as a young inexperienced detective with too much responsibility on his shoulders , " Ritchie said . The charges against all three men stem from the 1994 killings of Candace Belt , 22 , and Gloria Ross , 18 , who worked as prostitutes at the New Life Massage Parlor , police said . "  Needless to say , since it 's an open and active investigation , we ca n't get too much into the details , " Recke said this week . "  The Kentucky State Police got the investigation back in 2006 . Our investigators , once we get an investigation from another agency , we start from square one and go through all the information available with a fine-tooth comb . " A fellow officer 's suspicions Former officer Bob Combs , who was first to arrive at the scene of the killings , recalled his suspicions of Carter and Duncan at the time . "  I suspected that they may have been involved , but did n't have evidence , " said Combs , who had joined the force only a year before . Belt , a mother of two , "  was still alive " when he arrived , Combs said , "  but she died on the way to the hospital . " "  Once Duncan got there , he was the detective , so it became his scene , " he said . In an interview this week with CNN , Combs claimed Duncan disturbed crime scene evidence . "  Duncan ran in there and messed up the scene . The phone was off the hook when I arrived , but then after Duncan was in there , the phone was back on the receiver , " Combs said . "  No one had ever asked me -- the first officer on the scene -- anything about this case . No one ever asked me anything until the state police took over -- years after it happened . " Combs , who went on to be a city councilman and served until last year , said he and Duncan had been friendly back then . "  He could be a nice guy , but he could have a real temper , " Combs said . Ex-madam : ` They knew we had stuff on them ' Three years after the killings , then-Councilwoman Patty Balew announced that she , too , was a former prostitute at the massage parlor . She and other prostitutes gave police sexual favors at a discount or at no cost , she alleged . "  If they were police officers , that 's what we had to do whether we wanted to or not , which we did n't like , " Balew told CNN in 1997 . This week , Combs recalled the city council meeting in 1997 when Tammy Papler , the massage parlor 's madam , dramatically accused the police officers of extortion and murder . Papler could n't be reached by CNN for comment this week . But in a 1997 interview , Papler alleged of police : "  They were n't getting any more money from us , and they knew we had stuff on them . The only way to keep us quiet is to kill the girls and put us in jail . " Papler made further accusations in the CNN article that year , when she had already quit being a madam . "  I did what they told me to do , " she said . "  If they needed new police lights , I bought new police lights . If they needed birthday money , I gave them birthday money . If they needed money for a trailer to be moved ... basically anything they told me they needed , I gave them the money for it . " Belt and Ross were shot in the head , and their throats were slashed , Papler said . "  It was devastating to us , " Papler said in 1997 . "  They both had babies . One was breastfeeding her baby . It was just a few weeks old . " Taken : The coldest case ever solved A pall in the aftermath Also in 1997 , the Christian County sheriff 's department said crime scene evidence was botched by police , and then-Sheriff Thomas Scillian said Carter was a prime suspect . He had been at the scene 30 minutes before the slayings , according to authorities . "  There 's other information that we have that leads us to believe that Carter would be a good suspect , " Scillian said . Then-Mayor Bobby Mace said the killings cast a pall over the small town : "  There 's a cloud hanging over us right now and there 's no rain , " he said . "  Let 's get it to either rain or let the wind blow the cloud out and let 's get moving forward to the future . " In 1998 , a federal court in Kentucky ruled in favor of Ross ' husband and her two children in their lawsuit against Tammy and Ronnie Papler , who owned the massage parlor business , court papers show . The court issued a default judgment against the Paplers for failing to respond to , or defend against , the Ross family 's lawsuit , which accused the Paplers of negligence in Ross ' death . A U.S. District Court judge , however , dismissed the Rosses ' negligence claims against Louise Seawright , the owner of the building where the massage parlor was located . Texas man arrested 45 years after Pennsylvania slaying	Ex-cop jailed for evidence tampering "  denies being involved in the murders , " attorney says For 19 years , Kentucky residents wondered who killed two prostitutes A seven-year state police investigation finally charges the 2 ex-cops and a third man Investigations into the case had been thwarted by tampered evidence
CNN  -- "  The Real World " has now been on TV for longer than some of MTV 's viewers have been alive . Having aired 532 episodes filmed in 21 cities over 26 seasons , "  The Real World " celebrates its 20th anniversary this week . Despite being one of the longest-running reality programs on TV , it seems viewers still are n't sick of seeing "  what happens ... when people stop being polite ... and start getting real . " The September 2011 premiere of the series ' most recent season , "  The Real World : San Diego , " drew nearly 2 million viewers . Clocking in as the No. 1 original cable series of the night , the premiere marked the show 's best debut in five seasons , according to TV by the Numbers . But "  The Real World 's " cultural significance extends far beyond the number of people who tune in these days . " ` The Real World ' was definitely the first show to put people into a house to live together , " said Jonathan Murray , co-creator and executive producer of the series . It also introduced the "  confessional " -- a room where cast members can go to speak directly into the camera and comment on their actions , Murray said . CBS ' "  Big Brother , " which began airing in the United States in 2000 , borrowed "  The Real World 's " format , adding a competitive element . Even MTV 's shinier and newer reality program , "  Jersey Shore , " which attracted between 4 million and 7 million viewers throughout its fifth season , can attribute some of its success to the long-running series . "  We 've seen certain shows like ` Newlyweds ' or ` The Osbournes ' or ` Jersey Shore ' come along , and somehow , ` The Real World ' keeps coming back while some of those other shows have their super bright nova in the sky , " Murray said . The show had somewhat humble beginnings . A 2007 USA Today story noted that MTV originally wanted the series to have a soap opera-feel . Then MTV chief Brian Graden told the publication that the show is "  quite simply the undisputed granddaddy of modern , commercial reality television . " Murray says the same things that originally made the series such a dark horse , including featuring a new cast and location each season , are what inevitably led to "  The Real World 's " longevity . "  The fact that we do change the cast every season , and we do change the location , " he said , "  it keeps it fresh and it allows the show to very much reflect what 's in the minds of young people . " In some ways the show was groundbreaking . In 1994 's "  The Real World : San Francisco , " cast member Pedro Zamora shared his struggle with HIV/AIDS . After Zamora died in November 1994 , President Bill Clinton said the Cuban-born reality star "  changed the face of HIV and AIDS in America forever . " " ` San Francisco ' was just , for most of us who 've worked on the show , an incredibly important season because of Pedro 's involvement , " Murray said , adding , Zamora 's story took "  The Real World " out of the entertainment section and placed it on the front page . That season , the series ' third , is when Murray said he knew "  The Real World " was special . He said he remembers thinking , "  Maybe we 'll get another five seasons . " Since then , the show has tackled a number of previously taboo issues . Perhaps one of the series ' most memorable cast members , Ruthie Alcaide , appeared on season eight , "  The Real World : Hawaii . " Alcaide 's drinking problem , which eventually resulted in her temporarily leaving the show to enter a rehab center , shed a light on how young people cope with substance abuse , Murray said . "  The show , from the very beginning , was built on the idea that we were going to put seven diverse people into a house together , " Murray said . "  And so , the DNA of the show has always been diversity . ... And over the years , we 've explored that diversity in every way possible . " Murray 's current goal is to make it to 30 seasons , which is just around the corner considering that the 27th season , "  The Real World : St. Thomas " is set to air on MTV this summer . And he said a 28th season has already been ordered . "  What 's amazing about ` The Real World ' is that every four years , in a sense , a new audience grows up into it , " Murray said , adding that he always hears people say things like , " ` That Vegas season was the best  yet  , ' and they 've never even heard of that first Vegas season  which premiered in 2002  with Trishelle  Cannatella  . " But Murray 's biggest fear is n't that the series wo n't hit its silver anniversary : "  I 'm scared for the day that we actually have someone apply to be on the show who 's the son or daughter of someone who has been on the show . "	Having aired 532 episodes , "  The Real World " celebrates its 20th anniversary this week The September 2011 premiere of "  The Real World : San Diego " drew nearly 2 million viewers Co-creator : "  It  was definitely the first show to put people into a house to live together "
CNN  -- Why should we care about what Sinead O'Connor says to Miley Cyrus ? When a 1990s hitmaker tells a former Disney Channel darling to stop "  pimping " herself  or allowing herself to be pimped  , does that have any bearing on our lives ? That 's what we were wondering after we read O'Connor 's open letter to Cyrus , in which O'Connor cautioned the 20-year-old singer that "  nothing but harm will come in the long run , from allowing yourself to be exploited . " Naturally , as one does in this day and age , we took to Twitter to find out , by asking prominent feminists and media critics Soraya Chemaly , Gloria Feldt , Jaclyn Friedman , Erin Matson and Jennifer Pozner what they thought of the letter . We got some pretty interesting responses , and we 'd like to continue the conversation . Check out this sampling of their responses and let us know what you think in the comments or on Facebook . Or , you can e-mail us at CNN.Features.Sources@gmail.com . Your thoughts might be used in a story on CNN.com . .	Sinead O'Connor tells Miley Cyrus to stop allowing herself to be "  pimped " Do her comments have any bearing on our lives ? We took to Twitter to find out We want to hear from you ! Share your thoughts in the comments
CNN  -- What an upset ! Before the first presidential debate , voters were telling CNN by nearly a 2-1 margin that they expected an Obama victory . Many commentators were ready to hold a coronation for the president . Now , by more than a 2-1 margin , voters who watched the debate are saying that Mitt Romney won it -- and we have a horse race on our hands . Opinion : Debate coach -- Obama , heat up ; Romney , stay cool Romney was one of the two big surprises of the night . His performance was head and shoulders above anything he has displayed so far . He drove the debate , had a coherent message that focused on jobs , showed a superior command of detail , was empathetic toward people hurting , and looked the president in the eye . He came in hungry . President Obama was the other surprise . He was unusually flat , failed to go after Romney on point after point  47 % , Bain , corporations are people , etc. , etc.  , rarely looked Romney in the eye , and seemed annoyed . My hunch is that no one has talked to him like this since his election  except maybe Bibi Netanyahu  , and he was shocked that Romney denied he had ever proposed a huge cut in taxes  which he has  . The net result was that Obama seemed to withdraw emotionally just when he should have launched a counteroffensive . Opinion : Romney was n't stellar , but Obama fell short We wo n't know until the dust settles whether Romney has truly shaken up the race . After all , John Kerry as challenger beat President George W. Bush in debates and lost the election . In this case , Democrats are already charging foul against Romney for misstating facts . More to the point , we know from the past that incumbent presidents often come into a first debate a little complacent , lose , and then come roaring back in a second encounter  think Reagan 1984  . Obama is highly competitive and will surely be loaded for bear next time . But the first night goes down as a big upset for Romney -- and it is now more likely that this race will go down to the wire . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Americans felt strongly Obama would win , but they scored Romney the winner Romney drove the debate , with a coherent message hammering at jobs issue , Gergen says He says Obama missed one opportunity after another to go after Romney effectively Gergen : Incumbent presidents tend to suffer in first debate , then improve
On paper , the race in Kentucky between Sen. Mitch McConnell and his Democratic challenger , Alison Lundergan Grimes , should be pretty clear-cut : The experienced veteran easily beats a political novice . But like most things , it 's not . McConnell must cross the first hurdle by beating his primary challenger , Matt Bevin , before he engages in what is expected to be one of the most expensive and bitterly fought Senate campaigns this midterm season . A lot is at stake overall in November : control of the Senate and the political fate of one of the most powerful Republicans in Washington . Grimes ' advantage Grimes , 35 , was just 7 when McConnell was first elected to the Senate . Mitch McConnell would face biggest challenge yet in Alison Grimes While he rose up the ranks in Washington and became Senate Republican leader , Grimes practiced law and won statewide office as secretary of state in 2011 . Despite her short political career , like McConnell , her name carries weight -- for better or worse . Grimes ' family has a long history in state Democratic politics . Her father , Jerry , was the former chairman of the Kentucky Democratic Party and a state legislator . But he was forced out of those roles over legal problems facing his catering company . While the family name has been battered , its connections survive : She 'll have access to the deep pockets and support of her father 's allies , including Bill and Hillary Clinton . The former President has already hit the trail for Grimes , raising more than $ 600,000 at one Louisville event in February . That was a significant chunk of cash for the one-time , part-time kickboxing instructor , helping to build her war chest for a race that some experts predict could reach $ 100 million in spending . Grimes has already raised $ 8 million and she outraised McConnell in two of the past three quarters . Hollywood is among her biggest donors . Ousting the top Senate Republican has attracted national attention . Remember when actress Ashley Judd was rumored to be considering a run ? Grimes ' political career But Grimes has built her own credentials in Kentucky politics , Stephen Voss , political science professor at the University of Kentucky in Lexington , said . "  She has n't made any major errors in her statewide office , " he said . "  Then again it 's also not an office where you can distinguish yourself either . " Her relative inexperience , however , was an issue early on . She was heavily criticized and mocked after her Senate announcement last July . McConnell 's campaign team created a video that pointed out that she used her secretary of state campaign banner , had no signs and few supporters in attendance . She also looked like a deer in headlights . While her "  official " campaign announcement took place 30 days later and ran much more smoothly , Voss said her campaign has so far been "  passive . " 2014 midterms : What 's at stake Even though she announced in July , she did n't release her first television ad until two weeks ago . Voss said her strategy to lay low saved campaign cash , letting McConnell get beat up by his primary opponent . But critics say she missed an opportunity to define herself when the campaign noise was relatively quiet . "  Both she and the McConnell campaign will have a tug-of-war over how she will be defined , " Voss said . Josh Holmes , senior adviser in McConnell 's campaign , did just that in an interview with CNN . "  She was recruited to run by  Senate Democratic Leader  Harry Reid to help Democrats hold onto the Senate , and for most people in Kentucky , that 's a pretty easy choice , " he said . Grimes ' campaign defends its strategy , saying the organization has spent its time and money setting up an extensive organization throughout Kentucky that will lead to voter outreach and Election Day votes . On primary night , she is concluding a 10-day , 50-county bus tour , an aggressive attempt to introduce herself to voters across the state , effectively launching her campaign in earnest . The issues Like Democrats across the country , Grimes is touting her support for an increase of the minimum wage , an issue that is intended to persuade working women to vote on Election Day . Democrats take on the Koch brothers But politics are still local . Kentucky is the nation 's third-largest coal producer and who likes coal more is likely to be a major issue in the race . Grimes says she is a major supporter of coal and her campaign said she opposes the Environmental Protection Agency 's carbon limits on power plants . That is a position opposite the one that President Barack Obama and most Democrats in the Senate take . The McConnell campaign is charging hypocrisy as she receives funds from Democrats who support the EPA 's stricter standards . But Grimes will paint McConnell as a powerful elected official who stood by and watched coal jobs leave the state . With the general election now on the horizon , Grimes is in a good place . McConnell has low approval numbers and major polls show her about tied with the long-time senator . But as Voss points out , the number of people who do n't know who Grimes is or have no opinion about her leaves a blank canvas for her to paint or McConnell to exploit . Complete 2014 coverage	Alison Lundergan Grimes is taking on Senate Rpublican leader Mitch McConnell She 's raising money and has the backing of the Clintons The race is expected to be one of the most expensive during this midterm season McConnell has a tough primary and Grimes does not ; Will that work against her , or for her ?
Carpinteria , California  CNN  -- Prince William and his polo team won a round-robin match Saturday , garnering them a sterling silver and gold trophy -- weighing 14.7 pounds in the precious metals -- after he scored four goals in the final game . His team won the pivotal game 5-3 . "  A storybook ending here at Santa Barbara ! " the announcer told hundreds of spectators at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club . A confident prince had predicted he would win the 18-inch-tall trophy , exclusively created by Tiffany silversmiths for the match . His wife , Catherine , awarded the trophy cup to William and his three teammates after the royal couple exchanged congratulatory kisses on both cheeks . She also gave Tiffany gifts to all 12 polo players who played on the three teams participating in the six chukkars , or six periods , of Saturday 's play . Before the game , the prince declared he and wife Catherine arrived at "  one of the most beautiful polo grounds anywhere in the world " to raise money for charity and compete . "  I 'm not a good loser , " he joked with hundreds of guests under a white tent as they prepared to eat lunch , adding he wanted to win . Three polo teams competed at 3 p.m. PT at the polo club , which is the third-oldest polo facility in the United States and is celebrating its 100th birthday this year . "  Here 's to the next century and a very happy birthday ! " the prince saluted the crowd and the polo club 's leaders at a pre-game reception . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived about noon by helicopter from Los Angeles , where they 're staying during their three-day U.S. visit . The duchess was wearing a knee-length dress , without a hat . The prince 's visit to the polo grounds was an effort to make a royal sport more accessible to Americans accustomed to football and baseball . "  A major misconception is it is only something princes play , " Ebe Sievwright , a player and coach with the California Polo Club who said he has played with Prince William , said in an interview with CNN . "  It 's not just something you can pick up overnight , but it is something pretty much anyone from any socio-economic strata could play if they just knew more about it , " Sievwright said . At his noon reception , the prince highlighted how sport can affect people . "  Catherine and I have had a busy few days , so the prospect of being able to let loose this afternoon is wonderful for me , " the prince told his guests . "  But that 's what sport is all about , be it polo or football -- sorry , I mean soccer -- or whatever your preferred sport is , " he continued , prompting laughter . "  How sport helps young people to find purpose in life is a key element to the foundation that Catherine , Harry and I have established , " he said . Saturday 's play benefitted the American Friends of the Foundation of Prince William and Prince Harry , which was just established in April . The foundation supports disadvantaged children and young persons , conservation and sustainable development , and veterans and military families . Tickets for the lunch and a VIP seat to the game cost $ 4,000 each . About 400 persons had been expected to buy such tickets , ensuring at least $ 1.6 million being raised for charity . Before the game , experts said the Duke of Cambridge would experience a faster game than he 's used to . "  There 's huge differences , " Sievwright said . "  Polo in England is very Argentine-influenced , and in America there is a great history of cowboys and riding from their own history out in the Wild West . "  In England everyone is very proper and tucked in , " he continued . "  The game flows out here in America . In England lately , there 's been a lot of stopping and controlling the ball , which kind of slows it up . So it will be interesting for William out in Santa Barbara to play in a game where it 's really flowing like a pinball game . " Among those playing Saturday was Nic Roldan , captain of the U.S. polo team . His father and grandfather were professional polo players , and Roldan grew up playing the sport in West Palm Beach , Florida , where the game is popular , he said . The prince played for the Foundation Team , sponsored by Royal Salute Scotch Whiskey , and Roldan played on Team American Express Centurion . The Audi U.S. Polo Team , currently ranked second in the World Polo Tour standings , rounded out the three teams playing Saturday . The prince 's team beat the Audi U.S. Polo Team in the final two chukkars . The day 's activities included a private drinks reception and three-course luncheon prepared by chef Giada De Laurentiis , who 's also the granddaughter of film producer Dino De Laurentiis . The menu featured sweet corn lasagna with blistered tomatoes as well as a pea pesto and beef tenderloin crostini . The lunch benefitted the royal brothers ' charity and the Polo Training Center of Santa Barbara , organizers said . "  In terms of publicity and the sort of hype that this event is getting , I do n't think I 've ever experienced anything " like it , Roldan said this week , before the match . Celebrities who came to see the match included actresses Jennifer Love Hewitt and Rosario Dawson and game-show host Pat Sajak . The game allowed Americans to size up how the prince played polo . He 's known as being competitive but a good sport , Sievwright said . On Saturday , the prince had a slow start in his first match , but he finished strong in the second , pivotal game . The games opened the summer polo season . "  Will is disciplined , " Sievwright said before the game . "  One of the aspects of the game is marking , and it 's really important to stay with your man , shadow your man . It 's like basketball in that way : Always be blocking , always be shadowing your man . And Will does that very conscientiously . He plays the defensive role . " "  He takes the man first and then plays the shots to his team , usually defensive shots . He 's very good with backhand . Backhand is when you hit the ball backwards in defense . But he can also hit a clean , full , right-up-the-field as well . " But when compared to his father , Prince Charles , William is "  a challenged player , " Sievwright said . Charles played the game so hard that he often suffered injuries , Sievwright said . "  Charles was crazy , crazy about polo . He really loved the game as his father did before him . And I think William loves it , but he also has an eye on many other things like flying helicopters , " Sievwright said . As in American pro sports , polo has its share of "  polo wives , " and that would include Catherine , William 's wife , who will be enjoying the game from the viewing stands . "  I think Kate would enjoy polo because if she did n't , she may not have stuck around , " Sievwright said . "  You get to know the rules if you are a wife or a girlfriend , so you root for your team . She may be holding the spare stick in case it breaks , but it 's my suspicion that there might be someone else doing that on the day . " After the game , the royal couple were scheduled to return to Los Angeles , where they have been staying since Friday , and attend a British Academy of Film and Television Arts reception and dinner . The event will recognize 42 emerging British artists working in film , television and video games and promote relationships between Hollywood and the United Kingdom . William is president of BAFTA . CNN 's Lindsey Brylow , Emma Vaughn and Don Eicher contributed to this report .	Prince William scores four goals in final , pivotal match "  I 'm not a good loser , " he had joked before playing Competition raised money for charity , publicized the sport William , Catherine to go to dinner Saturday night in Los Angeles
CNN  -- Facing near-record floodwaters , Red River communities in Minnesota and North Dakota raced Tuesday to shore up levees and dikes , officials said . "  We 're in the full flood fight mode here , " Fargo , North Dakota , City Administrator Pat Zavoral said . Last week , warm weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and Moorhead , Minnesota , causing the Red River to swell as it flows north . Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , pushing water back toward the two cities . Forecasters predict the river will crest Saturday about 20 feet above flood stage . Last year , the river rose to a record 40.8 feet at Fargo . "  We have every contractor we have in the area on a 24-hour shift , preparing dikes , hauling dirt , delivering sandbags , " Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker said . "  We have never lost a flood fight here in Fargo , " he said . "  We 're going to be optimistic about this for the rest of the week , that we 're going to be able to save our community one more time . " Volunteers have answered the call to fill 1 million sandbags this week , Zavoral said . "  We 're putting up temporary clay levees , and we 've produced sandbags , and we 're delivering them to the low-lying neighborhoods , " he said . Early Tuesday , the river level stood at 27.6 feet , according to the National Weather Service . Flood stage is 18 feet , according to the service . "  We thought we had a couple more weeks , and with the weather and the quick thaw and the rains we 've had recently , it 's really made it more difficult and it 's really sped up the crest , " Fargo police Sgt. Carlos Nestler said . Residents in Fargo and Moorhead are busy building sandbag dikes along the river 's edge . Fargo 's Kurt Kaye is doing what he did last year , helping friends protect their home from the rising Red River , which runs through their backyard . Like most residents , he said he 's resolved to keep the water at bay . "  I think everyone is a little tired of it , but they 'll get behind it and go , " he said . "  They need to get it done to save their houses . " Zavoral , the city administrator , said Fargo is better prepared this year to deal with a major flood . "  We 've spent about $ 10 million putting in permanent flood protection in some of the neighborhoods and bought out about 26 homes in the low-lying areas , " he said . City officials have said they believe they 'll need about 1 million fewer sandbags than were used last year . Is severe weather happening near you ? Share your stories , photos and video Meanwhile , along the Eastern Seaboard , flooding fears eased as a powerful nor'easter pushed into the Atlantic Ocean , though scattered flood warnings were in place from the mid-Atlantic states to Maine . Thousands of customers remained without power in the Northeast after rain and hurricane-force winds whipped the region over the weekend . At least seven deaths were attributed to the storm , five caused by falling trees , authorities said . See a tree on a house in New Jersey Two people died in New Jersey . Authorities from Connecticut , New Hampshire , New York , Rhode Island and West Virginia said they each had one storm-related death . See photos of storm damage in Connecticut The outages were caused mostly by power lines downed by Saturday 's winds , which knocked over trees and utility poles . Winds reached 75 mph at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport -- as strong as a Category 1 hurricane . CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Fargo , North Dakota , prepares as Red River rises quickly Forecasters predict river will crest Saturday about 20 feet above flood stage At least seven deaths attributed to powerful nor'easter along Eastern Seaboard Thousands still without power after storm in Northeast
CNN  -- Last week , I had the honor to visit the Fast for Families tent on the national mall . The fasters welcomed me with open arms and a smile despite their struggle . The tent was full of messages of encouragement , expressions of admiration and symbols that remind every visitor of the reason for the fasters ' sacrifice : the rights of immigrants and a House vote on the Senate immigration bill . Volunteers explained the meaning behind each symbol : a shoe they found abandoned in the desert represents the immigrants who lost their lives in search of a better life in the United States ; the bottle of cough syrup that has a $ 75 price tag attached to it represents the many abuses -- physical and economic -- that immigrants suffer trying to come to this country . Several courageous fasters recalled their stories . Their strength , passion and commitment was clear . One story in particular hit close to home . Rosemarie Soto , an undocumented mother from Arizona who fasted for several days , explained that she constantly worries about being separated from her young children and not being able to see them again . As a mother , I ca n't imagine not being with my kids and not seeing them grow . Seeing Soto 's pain and the fear in her eyes , and the love and sadness in her voice as she asked me in tears : "  Tell Speaker Boehner to give us a vote , " overcame me with emotion . Fighting injustice is not a hobby . It 's a way of life that requires commitment and unrelenting focus . The fasters embody this way of life and they represent millions of people who are struggling to keep their families together and be treated with dignity . The struggle of the immigrant community is our collective struggle . This is a humanitarian crisis that must be solved . Some have ended their fasts , some recently started . I intend to fight side by side with the fasters , every step of the way until the end , and encourage my Republican colleagues to consider the incredible sacrifice that these men and women have made for the immigrant community , and talk to the many families who are most affected by the GOP obstructionism . House Speaker John Boehner should make it a priority to do what 's right for the 11 million undocumented people living in the United States , instead of caving into the GOP 's extreme party politics . My Republican colleagues must simply allow a vote and stop standing in the way of immigration reform . So , as a mother and a lawmaker , I stand with the fasters calling on Boehner to lead , and help pass immigration reform . I challenge him to live up to the American people 's expectations and to honor their wishes -- to stop listening to those in the Republican Party who oppose immigration reform and to do what is right . This is not a political issue , it 's a human issue and delaying a vote is immoral . The fasters ' silent sacrifice is sending a very loud and clear message , and their actions are inspiring thousands across the country -- including members of Congress -- to join them in fast . Their efforts wo n't be in vain . We will get this done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Debbie Wasserman Schultz .	Debbie Wasserman Schultz visited tent where people are fasting for immigrants ' rights Wasserman Schultz : Fasters are courageous and committed , sacrificing for what is right She says they want Speaker Boehner to set a vote on the immigration bill in the House She says "  This is not a political issue , it 's a human issue and delaying a vote is immoral "
CNN  -- Marc Marquez , Spain 's racing prodigy , finished fourth in the Czech MotoGP Sunday ending his hopes of winning a record eleven races in a row . His Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa won his first race of the season in Brno , where he also won in 2012 . Yamaha duo Jorge Lorenzo and Valentino Rossi finished second and third respectively . "  I was able to do a good race , I 'm happy , I had a good pace and it 's another podium , " Rossi said after the race . "  It was a great pleasure to beat Marc one time . " Before the race all eyes were on Marquez and whether he could beat Italian legend Giacomo Agostini 's record of winning the first ten races of the 1968 , 1969 and 1970 seasons . Whilst a race season only lasted ten races back then , no one has won the first eleven in the modern era . But his Spanish teammate Pedrosa instead prevailed , a victory that British two-time World Superbike Champion James Toseland believes will stand Marquez in good stead . "  I think everyone appreciates the dedication he puts in , " Toseland said in an interview with CNN 's World Sport . "  He 's a World Champion at 20 , but he 's been at it for 15 years ... The handcuffs are off with that fourth place . Now Marc can relax . He ca n't win them all now . " Despite finishing fourth Marquez is still 77 points ahead in the standings and will hope to bounce back in Great Britain in two weeks time .	Marc Marquez finishes fourth in Czech MotoGP Was aiming for record 11th straight victory Teammate Dani Pedrosa took first place Marquez still leads standings by 77 points
CNN  -- A drug already approved for treatment of AIDS might one day be approved for prevention of the deadly disease in individuals at high risk . A U.S. Food and Drug Administration advisory committee recommended Thursday that the agency approve the drug , Truvada , for pre-exposure prophylaxis , or PrEP . The committee voted 19-3 in favor of approval for the prevention indication -- PrEP for HIV-uninfected men who have sex with men and 19-2 with one abstention for HIV-uninfected partners in couples where the other partner is infected . The committee recommended by 12-8 with two abstentions in favor of approving the drug for individuals who engage in risky sexual behavior that could result in their contracting the virus . Truvada , manufactured by Gilead Sciences , Inc. , is a once-a-day pill used in combination with other HIV drugs . The nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor does not rid the body of HIV . Instead , it prevents the virus from replicating in the body . The FDA does n't have to follow the recommendations of its advisory committees , but it often does . Most of the more than 40 health care professionals , AIDS advocates and patients who addressed the committee implored its members not to recommend the drug for the new indication . "  There is no question that , if efforts on using PrEP is widespread , condom use and other means of preventing HIV infection will decrease , " said Robert Elliott , a registered nurse . "  At this point we simply do n't know enough about how to increase adherence rates to work with the PrEP or how to counteract the risk compensation and the use of PrEP . Until then , PrEP is not and can not be considered safe and effective for preventing HIV infections . " AIDS Activist Miki Jackson agreed . "  A recommendation for the use of Truvada as PrEP is akin to issuing an engraved invitation for lawsuits , " she said . "  To knowingly recommend a drug as powerful as Truvada with such serious serious side effects and given to people who are perfectly healthy is frightening . " Michael Weinstein , president and founder of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation , said he was concerned that approval could lead a decrease in condom use . "  Approving PrEP would be a reckless act , " he said . The FDA panel looked at safety and efficacy data from three clinical trials : -- iPrEx , a study of men who have sex with men , found 43.8 % fewer infections in men who got the drug versus those who got placebo ; -- in a Truvada study carried out by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Botswana , infection rates were reduced by 63 % overall in healthy men and women considered to be at high risk of infection ; -- the University of Washington 's Partners in PrEP study of serodiscordant couples in Kenya saw 62 % fewer infections in those taking Truvada and a 73 % reduction in those who took a combination of Truvada and the HIV drug tenofovir . Committee members also heard concerns about the drug 's side effects , which can include nausea , vomiting , dizziness , loss of appetite and diarrhea , liver and kidney toxicity and loss of bone density . But , after assessing the data , they concluded that Truvada is safe for men and women and effective in preventing infection . And they had supporters . "  What we need currently is additional tools for our powerful tool box , " said Dr. Richard Elion , director of clinical research at the Whitman Walker Clinic in Washington . "  We are not winning the battle . Please , were asking today to allow a modality that 's still being developed to be added to our toolbox . " Kirk Myers , founder and CEO of Abounding Prosperity Inc. , made a plea on behalf of African-Americans . "  People need to be given the option to choose , " said Myers , who is HIV-positive . "  This drug is wanted . Another tool we can use . The right thing to do . Without this option , desperation will continue to drive up statistics of new incidents . " Chris Collins , vice president and director of public policy for the American Foundation for AIDS Research , said the data on the drug 's prophylactic use were compelling and urged the committee not to limit access to it . "  We need new tools to fight this epidemic that include treatment , condoms and education , " Collins said . "  PrEP is certainly not for everyone , but it may have a role in bringing HIV-infection rates down . It 's time to learn how PrEP may be useful in the real world . " According to Dr. Peter S. Miele , a medical officer in the agency 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , Truvada 's safety and efficacy for the prevention of HIV-1 infection in high-risk individuals is supported by two large clinical trials . "  Regular HIV testing , adherence and behavioral counseling on safer sex practices , including condom use , are essential components of healthcare delivery around PrEP , " he said . Truvada is not cheap . A month 's supply costs about $ 1,200 .	Advisory committee recommends Truvan be approved as a preventive The FDA does not have to follow the recommendations of its advisory committees The panel looked at safety and efficacy data from 3 clinical trials
CNN  -- Two Kenyan presidential frontrunners are awaiting the results of a vote recount , bringing back memories of a political dynasty that dates to the 1960s . Uhuru Kenyatta and Raila Odinga are the sons of the nation 's first president and vice president , respectively . Their fathers started out as allies in the quest for Kenyan independence from Britain . But their relationship ended in bad blood when founding President Jomo Kenyatta forced out his vice president , Jaramogi Odinga , following a series of disputes . About five decades later , it is the sons ' turn in the spotlight . Though the two are the main players , there are a total of eight presidential contenders . Kenya elections : What you need to know Uhuru Kenyatta One of two deputy prime ministers , he has the political clout and the resources . He was born into a wealthy , powerful family and is one of Africa 's richest , according to Forbes magazine . If elected , the 51-year-old would be the nation 's youngest president . He lost the presidential election in 2002 to the incumbent , but has maintained his popularity . But his fame has come at a price . He is facing crimes against humanity over accusations he mobilized a tribal militia to fight in the last disputed election . He has denied the charges . Despite the International Criminal Court indictment , supporters have stood by him . His running mate , William Ruto , has also been indicted by the ICC , and both will appear at the Hague this year . A graduate of the University of Massachusetts Amherst , he is a candidate for the Jubilee Coalition . Raila Odinga The current prime minister is a political veteran who spent years in government detention in the 1980s after a failed coup attempt . After he was freed , he went into political exile in Norway and returned to fight for democracy in 1991 at a time when elections in the nation were single party affairs . Odinga , 68 , enjoys massive popularity in Kibera , the nation 's largest slum , which is under his constituency . A fixture in the nation 's politics for decades , the office of the prime minister was created for him in a power-sharing deal after a disputed election in 2007 . He attended university in Germany , and is a candidate for the Coalition of Reforms and Democracy . Musalia Mudavadi The second deputy prime minister has been in politics for more than two decades , and has served as a running mate to both frontrunners in previous elections . He started off as a member of parliament in 1989 , and later become minister for finance . He had a short stint as the nation 's vice president more than a decade ago . The 52-year-old former rugby player is a contender for the Amani Coalition . He graduated from the University of Nairobi . Martha Karua The veteran politician 's win would make her the first female president in Kenya . She was a big part of the current government , but cut ties with it four years ago when she resigned as justice minister . A former lawyer , the 55-year-old Karua has said if she does n't win the presidency , she will retire from politics . She equates her leadership to that of a mother , and has said she will run the government like a household and not let her children go hungry . Her campaign slogan is "  Simama na Mama , " which translates to "  Support Mom " in Swahili . The University of Nairobi alumna is a contender for the National Rainbow Coalition-Kenya party . Other candidates : Four others are running , including former banker Peter Kenneth , Mohammed Dida , Paul Muite and James Ole Kiyiapi .	If elected , Uhuru Kenyatta would be the nation 's youngest president Raila Odinga spent years in government detention in the 1980s Musalia Mudavadi is a former rugby player Martha Karua has said she will run the government like a household
CNN  -- The small Baltic nation of Estonia is ending its nearly six-year military operation in Iraq by not replacing its platoon of 34 troops . Estonian soldiers on patrol near Baghdad in 2004 . Estonia 's Defense Minister Jaak Aaviksoo said the country will not deploy its next infantry platoon to Iraq , according to a statement from the ministry . Platoon ESTPLA-18 was ready to replace the previous 34-man platoon which returned to Estonia from Iraq in late December , The Baltic Times reported . The Estonian defense ministry announced Thursday it had failed to reach an agreement with Iraq 's government about the troops ' legal status . Aaviksoo said the absence of a legal agreement "  specifying the legal status of our soldiers " was one of three reasons Estonia ended its military operation in Iraq . He said the other two reasons were the improving security situation in Iraq and the Iraqi government 's desire to "  continue bilateral cooperation in forms other than battle units . " A bilateral agreement spelling out future defense-related cooperation between Iraq and Estonia is still being hammered out , Aaviksoo said . Estonia will continue to participate in a NATO-led training mission in Iraq , with three staff officers , he said . The Estonian defense ministry said Aaviksoo will soon visit Iraq to formally terminate the Estonian Defense Forces ' operation and discuss future defense-related cooperation with his Iraqi counterpart , Abdul Al-Qadir Jassam . In late December , Iraq 's Presidency Council approved a resolution allowing non-U.S. troops to remain in the country after a U.N. mandate expired at the end of 2008 . The resolution authorized Iraq to negotiate bilateral agreements with the countries , including Estonia . If that resolution had not been approved by the end of the year , those countries would have been in Iraq illegally . The United States concluded a separate agreement in November with the Iraqi government authorizing the continued presence of its troops . U.S. combat forces plan to pull back from population centers in Iraq by July 2009 and to withdraw from Iraq by the end of 2011 . The British government says its forces will complete their mission of training Iraqi troops by May 31 , 2009 , and withdraw from the country by July 31 , 2009 . Britain has 4,100 troops in Iraq , the second-largest contingent after the United States with 142,500 . Australian troops also plan to be out of the country by the end of July .	Estonia not replacing its platoon in Iraq Previous 34-strong platoon left Iraq in December Defense minister blames lack of new legal agreement on status of troops Australia , UK also expect their troops to be out by the end of July
A senior adviser to President Barack Obama said it will be tough for someone like Jeb Bush , who has n't campaigned for elected office in 12 years , to wage a national presidential bid in today 's political climate , adding a comparison of the former Florida governor to a fictional ex-criminal from "  The Wire . " In an interview published Monday by the Huffington Post , Dan Pfeiffer said Bush was like the character "  Cutty " , a former drug enforcer who later in life sets up a local gym on the HBO show . "  In his day , big deal . Out of the game for a long time . Gets back in the game . Game 's changed , " Pfeiffer said . "  Jeb Bush , it 's been a long time since he 's run for office . Politics has changed dramatically since his last race . " According to a recent CNN/ORC International Poll , Bush gained frontrunner status after announcing two weeks ago that he 's "  actively exploring " a presidential bid for 2016 . Critics argue that Bush will find himself behind other prospective candidates when it comes to maneuvering the fast-paced , social media-driven machine of modern campaigning . "  I think it will be very challenging for someone who has not been in prominent public life in the age of Twitter to go out on the campaign trail , " Pfeiffer said . Bush has in part tried to counteract those optics . He made his big announcement this month on Twitter and Facebook , and plans to release an e-book as well as thousands of emails from his time as governor .  The emails , however , were obtained earlier this month by the Washington Post through a public records request  . The documents indicate that Bush was an avid fan of email and even responded to hundreds of constituents and job applicants himself . "  I was digital before digital was cool , " Bush told WPLG-10 earlier this month . "  I guess , now it 's like commonplace . "	Dan Pfeiffer said Jeb Bush is like "  Cutty " from the "  The Wire " He was arguing that Bush , like Cutty , has been out of his respective trade for a while Bush has n't run for office in 12 years but is exploring a presidential bid The character Cutty was a drug enforcer who later set up a neighborhood gym
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton raised $ 27 million in the third quarter for her 2008 Democratic bid for the White House , a Clinton aide said Tuesday . Presidential hopeful Sen. Hillary Clinton raised $ 27 million in the third quarter , a Clinton aide said . All but $ 5 million of Clinton 's funds can be spent trying to win the Democratic presidential nomination in the primaries , the aide said . More than 100,000 new donors contributed to the New York Democrat , the aide said . Clinton outpaced Sen. Barack Obama over the last three months , a reversal of positions from the second quarter . The Obama campaign announced Monday the Illinois Democrat raised at least $ 20 million for his presidential campaign during the third quarter . All but about $ 1 million of Obama 's contributions can be used in the primary fight . In the second quarter , he shattered fundraising records by reporting he raised $ 32.5 million , $ 31 million of which he can use in his bid for the Democratic nod . Clinton raised $ 27 million during this same period ; all but $ 6 million can be used in the primaries . Fundraising is historically slow in the third quarter , which covers the final two months of summer and the first month of fall . Watch how summer can be a tough time for candidates " Campaign finance laws limit the amount an individual can contribute to a candidate during the primary cycle to $ 2,300 . At the same time , individuals can contribute another $ 2,300 to a candidate for the general election . Campaigns often report the total of contributions for the primary and general cycles during a quarter , even though general election contributions ca n't be used immediately to buy ads or hire staff . "  Many in Washington have spent the last weeks declaring the outcome of this race to be preordained and the primary process a mere formality , " said Obama campaign chief David Plouffe in a veiled reference to Clinton , the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in most national polls . "  Yet , in this quarter alone , 93,000 more Americans joined our campaign , because they desire real change and believe Barack Obama is the one candidate who can deliver it , " Plouffe said . "  This grass-roots movement for change will not be deterred by Washington conventional wisdom , because in many ways it is built to challenge it . " Obama 's campaign said the senator has raised at least $ 74.9 million in primary funds so far this year from 352,000 donors . In a conference call Monday , John Edwards ' campaign announced the former U.S. senator from North Carolina raised $ 7 million during the third quarter . Edwards , the party 's 2004 vice presidential nominee , said last week he would accept public financing for the primary and general election campaigns , challenging Clinton and Obama to do the same . Edwards ' deputy campaign manager , Jonathan Prince , said the campaign has $ 12 million in cash . Prince said public funding will add $ 10 million to its totals . Edwards has raised more than $ 30 million so far , and the campaign is on the right track to reaching its goal of $ 40 million by January , Prince said . Crediting the campaign 's aggressive grass-roots outreach , Prince said Edwards received donations from 150,000 Americans , with 97 percent of contributions less than $ 250 . Edwards raised more than $ 9 million in the second quarter . On Sunday , New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson reported campaign contributions of $ 5.2 million for the third quarter , which his campaign said supports his claim that he is a top-tier candidate . "  This figure obviously separates us from the second-tier candidates and makes clear this is a four-person race , " Richardson 's campaign said . Most political observers put Clinton , Obama and Edwards as the first-tier candidates for the Democratic nomination . Though $ 5.2 million is down from the $ 7 million reported in the second quarter , the Richardson campaign touted it as "  a strong showing in a historically difficult fundraising period . " "  Most importantly , this amount ensures we will have the resources we need to compete in the early states like Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina , " it said . "  We have strong organizations in those states and continue to expand our field operations by adding staff and opening new offices . " The campaign did not disclose how much it had spent during the quarter or how much cash it had left . Candidates have until October 15 to file a full report with the Federal Election Commission . On the Republican side , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney are expected to battle again for the top spot . Romney raised nearly $ 35 million so far this year , with Giuliani $ 1.5 million behind . Sources close to the Giuliani campaign said their candidate expects to be atop the pack for the third quarter . Among the GOP candidates , former Sen. Fred Thompson will have his numbers closely scrutinized . Thompson raised more than $ 8 million for his late-starting presidential campaign in the past three months , a Thompson campaign source said Monday . Thompson 's upcoming FEC report also will show 70,000 donors have contributed to the Tennessee Republican in the third quarter , according to the source , who requested anonymity because the campaign has not officially released the information . The actor , a former "  Law & Order " star , formally entered the presidential race last month , but he has been raising money since June . Thompson raised close to $ 3.5 million from about 9,000 donors in June , the final month of the second quarter . Sen. John McCain of Arizona is expected to show he raised more than $ 5 million this quarter , but a McCain adviser said recent poll numbers in New Hampshire and a busy fundraising schedule next month show the campaign has "  some life . " McCain raised $ 24.5 million the first two quarters of the year but spent nearly all of the funds raised . Lower numbers are expected for Sen. Sam Brownback of Kansas , Rep. Duncan Hunter of California , Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , Sen. Tom Tancredo of Colorado and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Lauren Kornreich , Mark Preston and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Sen. Hillary Clinton raises $ 27 million in the third quarter Fred Thompson raises $ 8 million-plus in last three months , source says John Edwards ' campaign says ex-senator brings in $ 7 million in third quarter Gov. Bill Richardson 's campaign says he will raise $ 5.2 million in third quarter
Iraq 's largest Christian town has been overrun by the same militant Islamists who have gained a foothold in parts of eastern Syria and western and northern Iraq . The latest advance by ISIS  or the Islamic State , formerly known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  has caused thousands of Christians in the city to flee , just as other minority groups targeted by ISIS have done , as well as Shiite Muslims . The French government confirmed that the Iraqi city of Qaraqosh has fallen into the hands of the militant al Qaeda offshoot . "  France is highly concerned about the latest progress of ISIS in the North of Iraq and by the taking of Qaraqosh , the largest Christian city of Iraq , and the horrible acts of violence that are committed , " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said in a statement . France called for an emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council to discuss the threat in Iraq . The exodus from Qaraqosh was already under way , as the city and its surroundings have been the target of ISIS attacks for weeks . Qaraqosh is a historic Assyrian town of 50,000 people , approximately 20 miles southeast of Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , where ISIS also has control . Map : Where is ISIS ? When ISIS took over Mosul , many residents from there had fled to Qaraqosh . In Mosul , ISIS issued an ultimatum to Christians living there : Convert to Islam , pay a fine or face "  death by the sword . " Three other nearby villages were also attacked overnight and Thursday , local police officials told CNN . Two of the villages -- Bartella and Tall Kayf -- are predominately Christian . Hundreds of Christian families fled to the north , police said . The third village is Hamadaniya . Kurdish forces were involved in heavy clashes protecting the area from ISIS . ISIS seeks to create an Islamic caliphate that stretches from Syria to Iraq . The group has aggressively targeted Iraqi minority religious groups . Nickolay Mladenov , the special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Iraq , last month condemned the persecution of Christians , Shia Muslims and Yazidis , as well as the Shabak and Turkmen ethnic minorities . The Pentagon is considering conducting emergency air drops to the thousands of stranded Yazidis in northern Iraq , a U.S. Defense official told CNN Thursday . A spokesman for Pope Francis , the Rev. Federico Lombardi , said on Thursday that the pontiff is deeply concerned about the reports coming from northern Iraq . "  Christian communities are particularly affected : a people fleeing from their villages because of the violence that rages in these days , wreaking havoc on the entire region , " Lombardi said in a statement . Lombardi quoted a prayer the Pope offered last month , expressing to the persecuted that "  I know how much you suffer , I know that you are deprived of everything . " Most Iraqi Christians are Chaldeans , who are Roman Catholic communicants .	French government confirms that ISIS has taken over Qaraqosh Qaraqosh is Iraq 's largest Christian city It is located near Mosul , where ISIS already had control
CNN  -- Virginia Tech plans to consider all its options after it reviews a jury verdict that found it was negligent in a 2007 shooting rampage that left 33 people dead , including the gunman , a university spokesman said . The move follows Wednesday 's verdict by a seven-member jury in Christiansburg , Virginia , that awarded $ 4 million each to two victims ' families who sued the state for wrongful death in the shooting massacre . "  We are disappointed with today 's decision and stand by our long-held position that the administration and law enforcement at Virginia Tech did their absolute best with the information available on April 16 , 2007 , " Mark Owczarski , a university spokesman , said in a statement . "  We will discuss this matter with the attorney general , carefully review the case and explore all of the options available . " The jury found Virginia Tech failed to notify students early enough following the discovery of two shooting victims at West Ambler Johnston dormitory . The two students were the first victims of Seung-Hui Cho , who went on to kill 30 more people at Norris Hall -- home to the Engineering Science and Mechanics Department -- after chaining the doors closed . He also wounded 17 people before killing himself . The families of Erin Peterson and Julia Pryde , who were killed in Norris Hall , argued that had officials notified students , faculty and staff earlier of the shooting at the dormitory , lives might have been spared . Peterson died while in her French class ; Pryde was shot while attending an advanced hydrology class . The Peterson and Pryde families did not accept a portion of an $ 11 million settlement between the state and the families of victims , opting instead to sue for wrongful death . "  It certainly was the end of a long process for us where we just said we wanted to get a little bit more truth . A little bit of accountability and we were n't just going to go away , and so we came here and this is what happened , " Harry Pryde , Julia 's father , told CNN affiliate WDBJ of Roanoke , Virginia . While the jury awards the families $ 4 million each , an attorney for the state has asked the judge to reduce the verdict to $ 100,000 per claim . State law limits awards to $ 100,000 , though the judge approved a request by an attorney for the family to file a motion on the matter . The university does not believe the evidence presented during the trial showed there was an increased danger on campus , Owczarski , the university spokesman , said . Virginia Tech President Charles W. Steger , in a letter to the school 's faculty , staff and students , said the killings "  were an unprecedented act of violence that no one could have foreseen . " The evidence presented during the trial "  established that it was the unanimous decision of three law enforcement agencies that the mass shooting was simply not foreseeable . Only with hindsight can one conclude that Cho 's unprecedented acts were foreseeable , " Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II , a spokesman for the state attorney general , said in a statement following the verdict . Authorities initially believed the shooting at the dormitory was a case of domestic violence , a jealous boyfriend who shot the couple . While police were questioning a possible suspect , Cho opened fire at Norris Hall . The Department of Education found , in a 2010 report , that Virginia Tech did not notify students in a "  timely manner " -- as dictated by what is known as the Clery Act -- after the shooting at the dormitory . The government also fined Virginia Tech for failing to follow internal school policies . According to the Department of Education report , police went to the dormitory at 7:24 a.m. after being notified about the shooting of two students . The university notified students , faculty and staff of the shooting in an e-mail at 9:26 a.m. , the report said . It was about 15 minutes after the e-mail that Cho began his rampage , it said . Since the massacre , the school has beefed up its communications , using methods that include e-mail notices ; telephone , cellular phone and text messages ; classroom electronic message signs ; posters ; university website notices ; campus loudspeakers and desktop alerts . In addition , the safety phones in the campus and local community are connected to the campus 911 emergency operator and residential buildings are accessible only through a key card . Door alarms sound , alerting police , if an exterior door is propped open in a residence hall . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	A jury has found Virginia Tech was negligent in the April 2007 shooting rampage Seung-Hui Cho fatally shot 32 people before killing himself The families of two victims sued for wrongful death The jury awarded the two families $ 4 million each
CNN  -- The United States will talk to North Korea , but only if the country gets serious about negotiating the end of its nuclear weapons program , Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday during a visit to South Korea , a key U.S. ally . "  North Korea will not be accepted as a nuclear power , " Kerry said after arriving in Seoul . His trip to South Korea -- part of an Asian swing that also includes North Korean ally China -- came a day after a Pentagon intelligence assessment surfaced suggesting North Korea may have developed the ability to fire a nuclear-tipped missile at its foes . Disclosed first by a congressman at a hearing Thursday and then confirmed to CNN by the Defense Department , the Defense Intelligence Agency assessment is the clearest acknowledgment yet by the United States about potential advances in North Korea 's nuclear program . Despite weeks of bellicose rhetoric from Pyongyang threatening nuclear attacks on the United States , South Korea and their allies , U.S. officials have characterized the North 's saber rattling as largely bluster . U.S. officials think North Korea could test-launch a mobile ballistic missile at any time in what would be seen by the international community as a highly provocative move . But a senior administration official said there 's no indication that any such missiles are armed with nuclear material . Still , the defense agency said it has "  moderate confidence " that North Korea could fit a nuclear weapon on a ballistic missile and fire it . But agency analysts think such a missile 's reliability would be low -- an apparent reference to its accuracy . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Friday that the North Korean government "  has not demonstrated the capability to deploy a nuclear-armed missile . " And Kerry said Friday that it would be inaccurate to suggest that North Korea , which has conducted three underground nuclear weapons tests since 2006 , can launch a nuclear-armed missile , despite the DIA assessment . "  But obviously they have conducted a nuclear test , so there 's some kind of device , but that is very different from miniaturization and delivery and from tested delivery and other things , " he said . He said any launch by North Korea would be a "  huge mistake . " "  If Kim Jong Un decides to launch a missile , whether it 's across the Sea of Japan or in some other direction , he will be choosing willfully to ignore the entire international community , his own obligations that he has accepted , and it will be a provocative and unwanted act that will raise people 's temperature with respect to this issue , " Kerry said . South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se , speaking with Kerry at a Friday news conference , urged North Korea to open talks . "  We urge North Korea to cease its reckless behavior and to stop issuing threats , " he said . "  Instead , we urge North Korea to respond to our call for building trust on the Korean Peninsula through dialogue , and now it is time for North Korea to make that choice . " A joint statement issued by South Korea and the United States before Kerry 's departure emphasized Washington 's commitment to defending Seoul "  in the wake of recent unacceptable provocations " by the North . "  The United States stands vigilantly by the Republic of Korea 's side , and is prepared for and capable of defending and protecting itself and its allies , " the statement read . Kerry now plans to visit China and tell leaders there that Pyongyang , as one senior administration official said , is "  putting China 's own interests at risk . " Washington wants Beijing to "  stop the money trail into North Korea " and to carry a strong message to the North that getting rid of nuclear weapons on the Korean Peninsula is China 's goal , said the official and a senior State Department official . Defense Intelligence Agency report The surprising Defense Intelligence Agency assessment of North Korea 's potential nuclear capabilities emerged during Thursday 's House Armed Services Committee hearing . At the hearing , Rep. Doug Lamborn , R-Colorado , read from a declassified version of the document in which the DIA expresses "  moderate confidence the North currently has nuclear weapons capable of delivery by ballistic missiles , however , the reliability will be low . " As Kerry did Friday , top officials in Washington tried Thursday to downplay concerns about the report . Pentagon spokesman George Little said that "  it would be inaccurate to suggest that the North Korean regime has fully tested , developed or demonstrated the kinds of nuclear capabilities referenced " in the DIA study . That stance was echoed by James R. Clapper , director of U.S. national intelligence , who said : "  North Korea has not yet demonstrated the full range of capabilities necessary for a nuclear-armed missile . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that the agency has no independent information to verify the DIA 's assessment . The DIA has been wrong in the past , producing an assessment in 2002 that formed the basis for arguments that Iraq had nuclear weapons -- a view later found to be incorrect Confusion over intel 's release The report was "  mistakenly " marked as declassified , according to an administration and a defense source . A House Armed Services Committee aide said staffers checked with the DIA to confirm that the passage was not classified before Lamborn read it . Lamborn told CNN 's "  AC360 " that he acted properly in disclosing it during the hearing . "  Given the seriousness of the threat , this is something that I think people do need to know about , " he said . On Friday , Rep. Buck McKeon , R-California , also backed disclosure of the assessment . "  I have to believe they know what they 're doing , " said McKeon , chairman of the House Armed Services Committee . "  I think it 's good for the American people to understand how tenuous this situation is and how important it is for us to have a strong defense . " North Korean missile adjustments On Thursday , North Korea briefly raised a missile into an upright firing position , stoking concerns that a launch was imminent , a U.S. official told CNN . Later , another U.S. official said it had been tucked back into its launcher . That could signify that a much-feared launch by the North is less imminent . It could also mean the government was testing the equipment . The first U.S. official cautioned that raising the untested Musudan missile , which South Korea says has a range of up to 2,175 miles  3,500 kilometers  , could have been just a trial run or an effort to "  mess " with the United States and its allies . North Korea 's missile capabilities The believed range means the Musudan could reach Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases , and where the United States recently said it was placing missile defense systems . The United States and South Korean militaries have been monitoring the movements of mobile ballistic missiles on the east coast of North Korea . Japan has deployed defense systems . Clapper , the national intelligence director , said Thursday at a House Intelligence Committee hearing that he did n't think Kim had "  much of an endgame " other than to get recognition from the world as a nuclear power , which "  entitles him to negotiation , accommodation and , presumably , aid . " He reiterated that the nation 's "  nuclear weapons and missile programs pose a serious threat to the United States and to the security environment in East Asia . " Opinion : Why North Korea worries Dick Cheney More threats North Korea denied responsibility in a wave of cyberattacks on tens of thousands of computers at South Korean banks and broadcasters last month , the North 's state news agency , KCNA , reported Friday . South Korea this week accused the North of carrying out the March 20 attacks . An official South Korean investigation found that many of the malignant codes employed in the attacks were similar to ones used previously by the North , said Lee Seung-won , an official at the South Korean science ministry . A spokesman for the General Staff of the Korean People 's Army said the allegations are "  groundless " and "  a deliberate provocation to push the situation on the Korean Peninsula to an extreme phase , " according to KCNA . Friday , North Korea also issued a scathing warning to Japan , saying via KCNA that Tokyo should "  stop recklessly working for staging a comeback on Korea , depending on its American master . " Japanese foreign minister spokesman Masaru Sato said such remarks only hurt North Korea . "  Japan would not be pushed around by rhetoric of North Korea , " he said . Late Friday , Japan 's Transport Ministry issued a notice requiring Japanese airplanes to report to the U.S. military if they fly near the U.S. military 's Kadena base in Okinawa prefecture , the Kyodo News Agency said . The notice , made at the request of the U.S. military in Japan , is believed to be part of precautions taken against possible North Korean missile launches . It concerns the airspace within 30 kilometers  about 19 miles  of the base in southern Japan , where Patriot missiles are deployed . War of words escalates : Timeline of a crisis North Korea began to sharpen its threats in February , after the United Nations reacted to the country 's third nuclear test with tougher sanctions . Annual military exercises involving U.S. and South Korean troops have added to the tensions . At the Thursday House Intelligence Committee hearing , Clapper said the United States believed the primary objective of Kim 's bellicose rhetoric was to "  consolidate and affirm his power . " Earlier in the crisis , the United States drew attention to shows of strength , such as practice missions by B-2 stealth bombers . Should I stay or should I go ? Expats mull future there Kerry said Friday that U.S. officials were working to calm the crisis , noting President Barack Obama had canceled some of the exercises . "  I think we have lowered our rhetoric significantly , " Kerry said . CNN 's K.J. Kwon , Tim Schwarz , Kyung Lah , Deirdre Walsh , Judy Kwon , Joe Sterling , Kevin Bohn , Chris Lawrence , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty , Adam Levine , Jim Kavanagh , and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. says it "  stands vigilantly by " South Korea NEW : North Korea denies responsibility for hacking South Korean computers in March U.S. will talk to North Korea , but Pyongyang has to talk giving up nukes , Kerry says Ballistic missiles may be able to carry nukes , a U.S. defense intelligence assessment says
Washington  CNN  -- Some people lose their homes because they have lost their jobs . John Gowan , a Federal air marshal , says he 's losing his job because he is losing his home . The Transportation Security Administration this month notified Gowan , 43 , that it is firing him because his security clearance was revoked , a direct result of bank foreclosures on his home and two investment properties , and related debts . Federal rules require employees with security clearances to remain solvent -- or to disclose their debts -- so they will be free from the "  potential for coercion , " or bribes . Aware of the rules , Gowan notified his boss in the spring of 2008 of his financial problems brought on by the real estate collapse and a divorce , he said . He again disclosed his money woes several months later during a routine five-year review of his security clearance , listing the pending foreclosures and other debts . His boss vouched for him , telling investigators that Gowan 's disclosure of his money problems would prevent someone from blackmailing him , records show . Gowan and his attorney say they believe the TSA is firing Gowan not because of concerns about his finances , as stated in government documents , but because of lingering doubts or anger agency officials may have about accusations from a former girlfriend , who accused Gowan of breaking into her home and of domestic violence . In February of 2009 , Gowan , a supervisor in the air marshal 's Orlando field office , went to his former girlfriend 's home to retrieve his possessions . He was accompanied by local sheriffs who he had requested to accompany him to serve as witnesses . The girlfriend accused him of unlawfully entering her home and violating an injunction for protection against domestic abuse . The injunction was later dismissed , a judge ruling that there was insufficient evidence against Gowan . Subsequently , the TSA said the allegations were not a factor in the decision to revoke Gowan 's security clearance . "  You provided documentation that mitigated the  ex-girlfriend 's allegations  to a level that does not adversely affect national security , " the TSA 's Office of Security wrote . But financial concerns did merit the revocation of Gowan 's security clearance , the TSA wrote . "  I really think that John 's firing comes from a combination of things , and I do believe that a lot initially hinged on the domestic violence allegation that ultimately was n't proved truthful , " said John Zielinski , Gowan 's attorney . "  Because that  domestic violence  has such a stigma on it , even if it was n't true , it put John in a negative light . And that has conveyed ever after . " Zielinski said the reason cited by the TSA for Gowan 's pending dismissal -- financial concerns -- are meritless , saying they were known by the TSA long ago , but were invoked only after the February 2009 allegations from his ex-girlfriend . Zielinski and Gowan say they are particularly riled by the TSA 's findings that Gowan had failed to take actions to mitigate his debts , had taken on new debts , and had increased his mortgage delinquencies . The first two allegations are false , he said . Gowan said he lost $ 172,000 of his own money on the three properties , spending $ 70,000 to $ 80,000 trying to save the two investment properties from foreclosure . He said "  new delinquencies " cited by TSA had actually been disclosed in 2008 , and did not result in his dismissal at the time . As for the "  increased in delinquencies " cited by the TSA , Gowan said the increase is a direct result of his being placed on unpaid administrative leave . The TSA created a "  Catch-22 " scenario , attorney Zielinski said . As long as Gowan remains suspended without pay , the TSA will be able to show that his delinquent mortgage payments are increasing , he wrote in court documents . "  The agency has helped to create additional delinquencies that now form the basis for its continued revocation of  Gowan 's  security status , " Zielinski wrote . Gowan apparently is n't the only air marshal whose financial problems threatened their jobs , records show . In March of 2009 , the TSA issued a policy statement saying that in consideration of the "  current economic climate , " foreclosures and bankruptcies would not automatically disqualify individuals from working with the TSA . Indeed , Gowan says he has records of seven other air marshals at the Orlando field office who have had their homes foreclosed or have suffered short sales of homes , some after voluntarily taking transfers to or from other TSA offices . But Gowan evidently is the only air marshal who lost his clearance , and is losing his job , because of financial concerns , he said . The TSA declined to discuss Gowan 's case , saying it does not comment on personnel matters . Nor would it release information about the number of air marshals who lost their security clearance or jobs for financial reasons . Gowan said he also believes the TSA pressed the case against him because of a confrontation he had with an Orange County sheriff while removing furniture from his girlfriend 's house . According to a TSA incident report , Gowan became "  unprofessional " when told he could not remove any more furniture , twice sticking his hands out toward the deputies and stating "  Go ahead and arrest me , take me to jail ! " Gowan acknowledges that he confronted the sheriff and made the statement , but denied being unprofessional , saying he was "  challenging the position he was taking with regards to the statute or the law . " Gowan says he is appealing his firing , and his attorney said they are contemplating a lawsuit .	An air marshal says he 's losing job because of financial problems Disclosed his problems to TSA as required Lawyer says TSA has created "  Catch-22 "
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's Coptic Christians picked a new leader Sunday , a process that involved a blindfolded boy choosing one of three names in a crystal chalice . Bishop Tawadros Theodorus II -- the nation 's 118th Coptic Pope -- replaces the former leader who died in March . The death of Pope Shenouda III sparked anxiety in the embattled minority group in Egypt 's Muslim majority . Thousands of people flooded into a Cairo Cathedral in March to bid farewell to the 88-year-old pope who led the nation 's Coptic Christians for about four decades . Egypt 's Christian minority has been the target of attacks in recent years . The bombing of a major church in Alexandria in January 2011 killed 21 people and sparked worldwide condemnation . Christians are a small minority in Egypt , although the Coptic Orthodox Church is the largest Christian church in the Middle East , according the Coptic Orthodox Church Centre in Stevenage , England . Estimates vary on the percentage of Coptic Christians in Egypt . U.S. officials estimate a 9 % Coptic Christian population , but the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life , which released a report on the global Christian population last year , says it is closer to 5 % . The leader of the Coptic Christian community since 1971 , Shenouda died of renal failure caused by diabetes . He also had lung cancer , which spread to the rest of his body . In addition to millions of followers in Egypt , the Coptic church has adherents in Europe , Canada , the United States , Kenya , Zimbabwe , Namibia and South Africa .	A blindfolded boy chooses the name of the next pope The new pope replaces a former leader who died in March Attacks in recent years have targeted the Coptic Christian minority
Ray Rice is a human who made a mistake that he 'd never made before and that he wo n't make again , wife Janay Rice said in an interview that aired Monday . "  Ray knows me , and there 's no way . He knows what he would have to deal with . ... I 'm not going to sit there in silence and let something happen to me . And God forbid , in front of my child , just let it happen ? There 's no way . " It was Janay Rice 's second interview since her husband , a former running back for the Baltimore Ravens , viciously knocked her out in a casino elevator in Atlantic City , New Jersey , after a night of heavy drinking . Images from inside the elevator would change the pair 's lives , as Ray Rice was indefinitely suspended by the NFL , and Janay Rice became a poster child for domestic violence . The most shocking clip shows the 200-pound football player punching his then-fiancee , sending her head into the wall before she collapses unconscious to the floor . Surveillance video shows Ray Rice drag her partially out of the elevator and callously dump her limp body face-first on the ground . "  He said he was just terrified , " Janay Rice told the "  Today " show in an interview that aired Monday . "  He was in such shock that this just happened , he did n't know how to function . " Opening up Sitting next to her mother , Candy Palmer , and occasionally fending off sniffles and dabbing her eyes with a tissue , Janay Rice said she was angry and hurt by her husband 's violence , but it also hurt to see his career pulled out from under him , to lose the "  support system " that the Ravens provided and to be forced to "  pick up and move . " She attributed Ray Rice 's actions that February night , which ended with both of them initially charged with simple assault , on "  humanness . " "  Everybody makes mistakes . After this whole situation , you would think that we lived in a country full of people who never made a mistake , " she said . In a news conference arranged by the team three months after the incident , Ray Rice apologized for the situation and to the Ravens and the team 's fans . Janay Rice then issued a controversial apology herself , saying , "  I do deeply regret the role that I played in the incident . " The Ravens tweeted her words and then deleted them after a firestorm of criticism from those who questioned why Janay Rice would need to apologize after taking a left cross from a pro football player who benches 400 pounds . About that apology Rice told "  Today " she agreed to the press conference -- and to the Ravens ' suggestion that she apologize -- because she thought it would help the situation . She dubbed the press conference "  awkward " but defended her decision to apologize : "  I did n't think it was completely wrong for me to apologize because at the end of the day , I got arrested , too . " As for the perception that her husband was not conciliatory , Janay Rice refuted the notion , saying he apologized to her "  countless " times . "  I would n't be sitting there next to him if I was n't the first person to get an apology , " she said . The Ravens initially defended their player and promised he 'd be back . A prosecutor would later drop the charges against Janay Rice and upgrade Ray Rice 's charges to aggravated assault . A grand jury indicted him in March . Ray and Janay Rice wed the next day . In July , after a disciplinary hearing , the NFL announced it would suspend Ray Rice for two games , a decision widely panned as wide receiver Josh Gordon was kept off the field significantly longer after failing a drug test for marijuana . Yet the league stuck by its decision until another surveillance video -- the one that captured the punch -- surfaced September 8 . By the end of the day , the Ravens had released Rice and the NFL made his suspension indefinite . ' I was sick to watch it ' Janay Rice never saw the second tape , saying she was "  not going to let the public bring me back there . " Her mother saw it , however , and said , "  I was sick to watch it . " Still , Janay Rice , who has been critical of the media 's coverage of her and her husband , said the hardest part about remaining silent throughout the ordeal was seeing her life play out in the media . "  That 's been the hardest part , is having so much of your life made public and have it all be negative . That 's the hardest part , is not having control over anything that has to do with you . It 's a natural thing for a human to want to come out and say , ` No , no . That 's not me , ' or ` No , that 's not true . ' But it 's like a battle that we just ca n't win , " she said . Monday 's "  Today " interview was the second time Janay Rice has addressed the ordeal , speaking first to ESPN , which granted her control over the final draft and release date of its story . During the interview , she discussed that night in Atlantic City , the aftermath , how she and Ray Rice met as teens and her disappointment in the Ravens for summarily dismissing him after years of loyalty . Could Ray Rice return ? Last week , an arbitrator found that the NFL abused its discretion by indefinitely suspending Rice when it had originally sat him down for only two games . The decision cleared Rice to play again , and ESPN reports numerous teams are interested in the Rutgers University standout . Janay Rice concedes that if he is signed , it will be because a team was able to see past the jarring image of domestic violence that has come to define him . "  For them to look past this situation , which I know is going to be hard , but at the end of the day , he 's a football player , " she said . "  He 's proven himself as a football player for seven years . There 's never been a question of what he can do on the field . " While it remains to be seen , in this era of heightened concern over athletes and domestic violence , when Ray Rice might next take the field , it 's abundantly clear that he will never lay another hand on Janay Rice , she and her mother said . "  There is no next time . We 've made that clear . There is no next time , " Palmer told "  Today . " The show will air the second part of its interview with Janay Rice on Tuesday , including a portion of the interview in which her husband participated .	Janay Rice says Baltimore Ravens suggested she apologize ; she was OK with it Ray Rice 's wife gave her second interview to "  Today , " which aired part of it Monday "  Everybody makes mistakes , " she says , defending her husband after February incident Earlier this year , video captured Ray Rice hitting then-fiancee , dragging her out of elevator
East Rutherford , New Jersey  CNN  -- From nuclear weapons to human rights , the image of Iran is quite negative in America . But with little fanfare , one Iranian man has won hearts and cheers battling Americans on the court in basketball arenas around the country . Hamed Haddadi is the NBA 's first Iranian basketball player . At 7-foot-2 , Haddadi began playing for Tennessee 's Memphis Grizzlies in August 2008 . His final game of this season was set for Wednesday night in Oklahoma City . Despite U.S.-Iran tensions in the political arena , any strains appear absent with teammates and fans alike . "  It seems like he 's the most popular Grizzly . When we go on the road ... he has a lot of support from a lot of people , a lot of people come out to watch him and watch us play , " said teammate Mike Conley , who accompanied Haddadi to a "  kebab fest . " The kebab fest was held in Las Vegas in 2009 . Haddadi was accompanied by Conley and fellow Grizzly Hakim Warrick to a Persian restaurant . The event served to introduce the teammates to Persian food . Grizzlies ' forward Rudy Gay turned the tables when he took Haddadi for a taste of American ribs at a Memphis restaurant . It was n't as easy getting permission to play in the United States . Current U.S. sanctions on Iran prohibit "  a person or organization in the United States from engaging in business dealings with Iranian nationals , " stated the NBA legal counsel . The NBA had to apply to the U.S. government for a license that granted Haddadi permission to play for the NBA . The reception has been positive courtside . But problems arose from game announcers once . Ralph Lawler and Mike Smith , L.A. Clippers announcers on local Fox Sports , were suspended for a game for insensitive comments about Haddadi . When the Grizzlies faced the Clippers , the two joked about the Iranian center . "  You 're sure it 's not Borat 's older brother ? " said Smith . "  If they ever make a movie about Haddadi , I 'm going to get Sacha Baron Cohen to play the part . " Mayar Zokaei , Haddadi 's Iranian-American manager , said the Iranian basketball player has brought lots of media attention to the middle-of-the-standings Grizzlies . "  He 's gotten more press then any of his teammates this year and the past couple of years just for the sole reason that he 's Iranian-American , " said Zokaei . "  Iranian playing basketball in America ... that 's rare . -LSB- There are n't many -RSB-  Iranians doing anything in bona fide sports arenas in the U.S. " Haddadi faces big challenges . One is speaking and learning English . Furthermore , his family is almost 7,000 miles away in Iran . The political turmoil back home is something he ca n't control . He worries about his family . "  It affects him because he misses them , he 's not able to keep up to date with them because he 's so busy ... he 's always concerned about their well-being and such , " said Zokaei . Off the court , Haddadi has been working to bridge the gap between Iranian-Americans and basketball . Haddadi was at the forefront of creating the Hamed Haddadi Javanan Foundation . The charity organization aims to award college scholarships to student athletes . The foundation has not been his only initiative . In 2009 , with Los Angeles Lakers forward Ron Artest and manager Zokaei , Haddadi hosted a weekend basketball camp for 100 children . The camp was held on the campus of California State University at Northridge and was aimed mainly at the Iranian-American community . Haddadi 's team did not make the NBA playoffs , which start within the week . His next test on the court -- playing for Iran against the United States in the world championships in September in Turkey . Haddadi and teammate Rudy Gay agree the United States will win . "  Tell you the truth ... we ca n't beat the United States you know , " said Haddadi . "  We 're -LSB- The U.S. -RSB- gon na win , of course , " boasted Gay . But his two years in America have been a personal victory for Haddadi , who just wants to play more when he returns to America .	Hamed Haddadi began playing for Tennessee 's Memphis Grizzlies in August 2008 Despite U.S.-Iran tensions , strains appear absent with teammates , fans alike NBA had to apply to the U.S. government for a license to let Haddadi play He 's been trying to bridge gap between Iranian-Americans and basketball
EW.com  -- I thought by now I was immune to the charms of aquatic , flightless birds who dance or sing . I had not reckoned with the skills of director/co-writer George Miller , whose "  Happy Feet Two " displays a new friskiness . Earnest messages about bad climate change and good parenting skills have been replaced by a we-all-share-a-planet sense of fun that 's more "  Finding Nemo " than National Geographic . Contributing substantially to the party , big movie stars Brad Pitt and Matt Damon join in  and steal their part of the show  as teensy crustaceans Will and Bill the Krill . ` Breaking Dawn ' : 10 exclusive pics ! Five years ago , Miller introduced Mumble  Elijah Wood  , a young emperor penguin who came out as a dancer in a society that put a higher value on singing . Now he 's the father of a fluff ball named Erik . Here 's the irony : Erik hates to dance . But their story is just one of an impressive many kept aloft . ` Munsters ' remake pilot ordered by NBC Robin Williams is back too , in the dual birdy roles of Ramon and Lovelace .  Miller makes nice , subtle points about interdependence on earth . Meanwhile , the earthmates in "  Happy Feet Two " continue to dance , sing , and , yes , charm . A - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Happy Feet Two " brings a sense of fun that 's more "  Finding Nemo " than National Geographic Brad Pitt and Matt Damon join in as teensy crustaceans Will and Bill the Krill Robin Williams is back too , in the dual birdy roles of Ramon and Lovelace
Editor 's note : We asked readers to weigh in on CNN.com Live producer Jarrett Bellini 's vacation destination , and you chose South Africa . Check back for updates on his trip . CNN.com 's Jarrett Bellini tours vineyards outside Cape Town , South Africa . CAPE TOWN , South Africa  CNN  -- I 'm not a wine drinker . Before today 's excursion , in fact , I could only tell you that on the face of the planet there existed three types of wine : red , white and Carlo Rossi . The reds are good with meat . The whites go with fish . And , according to what I learned from my dad , Carlo Rossi goes with a glass of ice . So , exploring South Africa 's wine country , just a short drive from Cape Town , seemed like a perfect educational way for me to spend my day . I mean , it was that or go to a museum . Our guide , Jack , was amazingly knowledgeable about the subject , but without being a pretentious jerk . Really , as far as he is concerned , the best wine in the world is whatever wine you enjoy . I did n't ask , but was curious if that applied to Boone 's Farm ? Throughout the day , we hit four wineries , tasting 23 bottles in all . I know because I kept hash marks on my hand . I 'm pretty classy . Now , despite the outstanding info we received from our guide as we sipped and swirled and spat , I ca n't say that I 'm any better at understanding the finer points of wine than I was this morning when I woke up . However , I did manage to get a solid buzz . And that should be worth something . Even without the wine , a visit to South Africa 's vineyards is a great addition to a traveler 's to-do list . It 's not far from the city and the scenery is beautiful . If you need an added incentive , there are even a few cheese farms in the area where you can really crank the whole experience up to 11 . I personally thanked one of the goats for his contribution . He did n't seem to care . He also did n't seem physically capable of producing anything that might actually turn into cheese . But I thanked him anyway . What can I say ? I 'm not a wine drinker .	CNN.com 's Jarrett Bellini is traveling in South Africa Readers chose his destination and can share their travel suggestions Bellini will provide updates from South Africa on CNN.com and CNN.com Live
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The backup legal team for admitted Fort Hood gunman Maj. Nidal Hasan asked to withdraw from active participation in the case Wednesday , telling a judge that Hasan wants to be sentenced to death . The request brought Hasan 's court-martial to a screeching halt on what would have been the second day of testimony . The presiding judge , Col. Tara Osborn , recessed court until Thursday to hold a closed-door hearing with Hasan and his lawyers . Hasan is representing himself on charges that he shot and killed 13 people and wounded 32 in the November 2009 rampage at the installation , near Killeen , Texas . But Osborn ruled before the court-martial began that defense lawyers would act as stand-by counsel during the proceedings . The lawyers ' roles had been limited to helping Hasan file motions and coaching him on procedural matters . But after Tuesday , when Hasan used his opening statement to declare "  I am the shooter , " they filed a motion to step aside . The head of the legal team , Lt. Col. Kris Poppe , said Wednesday that Hasan was "  working in concert with the prosecution to achieve a death sentence . " "  It becomes clear that his goal is to remove impediments and obstacles and is working towards a death penalty , " Poppe said . He and the two other lawyers said they were still willing to defend Hasan if needed but could n't ethically stand by to help him at this point . Hasan objected to Poppe 's characterization , calling it "  a twist of the facts . " But he refused to submit his objection in writing , a move that Osborn requested to avoid revealing privileged information , and insisted on being heard in open court . Geoffrey Corn , a military justice expert at the South Texas College of Law in Houston , said the lawyers are in "  a terrible predicament . " "  They have to stand by and watch the person they are ostensibly charged with assisting to represent himself essentially put a noose around his own neck , and they view this as fundamentally inconsistent with their ethical obligation as lawyers , " he said . But Corn said Hasan not only has the right to defend himself , "  He has the right to do it poorly " -- even to the point of asking for death . "  The defense lawyers would love to get off this case , because it becomes unbearable , " Corn said . "  If you imagine having to sit there , being an ardent opponent of capital punishment , watching this guy seal his own fate with every move he makes , it must be torture . But the judge ca n't let them off the case . " Witnesses describes horror of shooting Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , was paralyzed by a police bullet during the rampage . He listened impassively as one of the first witnesses recounted the horror unleashed that November day at a processing center for soldiers heading to Afghanistan and Iraq . Staff Sgt. Alonzo Lunsford stared hard at Hasan , appearing to brace for a cross-examination from the man who had admitted to shooting him seven times . But Hasan just stared back . The courtroom turned silent as Lunsford was called as a witness . He was the first of several survivors scheduled to testify against Hasan . Lunsford recounted how the gunman rose from a chair in the processing center , shouted "  Allahu Akbar , " pulled out a pistol and began shooting . "  It was a state of panic , " Lunsford said . Lunsford , a health care specialist , described how his friend and colleague , physician 's assistant Michael Cahill , tried to hit Hasan with a chair to stop the shooting ; Hasan shot him dead . Soldiers tried to flee or take cover inside the processing center as Hasan fired dozens of shots . As Lunsford was checking behind him , "  Major Hasan is turning the weapon on me , " he said . "  He has a laser on his weapon and it goes across my line of sight and I blink . In that time , he discharges his weapon . The first round , I 'm hit in the head . " A second shot caught Lunsford in the back . He decided to play dead for a while before changing his mind and deciding to run for the door . He made it out of the building but was shot five more times outside , he testified . Hasan continued shooting at Lunsford even as he was receiving first aid outside the processing center , before police arrived . Officers shot and wounded Hasan , ending the rampage and leaving him paralyzed from the chest down . After the prosecution finished questioning Lunsford , the judge asked Hasan whether he had any questions for the witness . "  I have no questions , " Hasan said . Hasan also declined to question Michelle Harper , who worked at the deployment center and was inside when the shooting began . Prosecutors played a recording of her 911 call , where she pleaded for help . Scheduled to go to Afghanistan A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings . Prosecutors hope to show that the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " giving presentations in defense of suicide bombings and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime . Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions Hasan did not want to deploy to fight against other Muslims and believed "  that he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " said Col. Michael Mulligan , the lead prosecutor in the case . Investigators found 146 spent shell casings in the room where the attack began , Mulligan said . Hasan carried two laser-sighted pistols and 420 rounds of ammunition , his pockets lined with paper towels to muffle the sounds of the magazines banging together , he said . Internet searches on Hasan 's computer used keywords like "  terrorist killing , " "  innocent , " "  Quran , " "  fatwas " and "  suicide bombings , " Mulligan said . Hasan told the panel in his opening statement , "  We mujahedeen are trying to establish the perfect religion . " But , he added , "  I apologize for the mistakes I made in this endeavor . " The mujahedeen consider themselves warriors who defend the Islamic faith . Witness : ` His punishment will come ' Hasan told his family he had been taunted after the al Qaeda attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Investigations that followed the killings found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , the Yemeni-American radical cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . The case was first set to begin in March 2012 , but was delayed repeatedly , notably over a previous judge 's unsuccessful demand that the beard Hasan has grown while in custody be forcibly shaved . Josh Rubin reported from Fort Hood . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Hasan has the right to defend himself , even "  poorly , " expert says Admitted Fort Hood gunman "  is working towards a death penalty , " lawyer says Hasan objected to that description ; the dispute cut short proceedings Wednesday Hasan faces a death sentence if convicted of 13 killings and 32 attempted murder counts
CNN  -- Meat is murder ? Well , perhaps not for much longer . Artist Banksy has satirized modern farming and meat production ; could in-vitro meat be a better option ? A pioneering group of scientists are working to grow real animal protein in the laboratory , which they not only claim is better for animal welfare , but actually healthier , both for people and the planet . It may sound like science fiction , but this technology to create in-vitro meat could be changing global diets within ten years . "  Cultured meat would have a lot of advantages , " said Jason Matheny of research group New Harvest . "  We could precisely control the amount of fat in meat . We could make ground beef with an ideal fatty acid ratio -- a hamburger that prevents heart attacks instead of causing them . " But it is n't just the possibility of creating designer ground beef with the fat profile of salmon that drives Matheny 's work . Meat and livestock farming is also the source of many human diseases , which he claims would be far less common when the product is raised in laboratory conditions . "  We could reduce the risks of diseases like swine flu , avian flu , ` mad cow disease ' , or contamination from Salmonella , " he told CNN . "  We could produce meat in sterile conditions that are impossible in conventional animal farms and slaughterhouses . And when we grow only the meat we can eat , it 's more efficient . There 's no need to grow the whole animal and lose 75 to 95 percent of what we feed it . " Conventional meat production is also hard on the environment . The contribution of livestock to climate change was recently highlighted by the United Nations ' report , "  Livestock 's Long Shadow " , while groups such as Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth have demonstrated how soy farming for animal feed contributes to the destruction of the Amazon . In this context Matheny believes his project could significantly cut the environmental impact of meat production -- using much less water and producing far fewer greenhouse gases . "  We could reduce the environmental footprint of meat , which currently contributes more to global warming than the entire transportation sector , " says Matheny . Preliminary results from a study by Hanna Tuomisto , at the Wildlife Conservation Research Unit , University of Oxford , suggest that cultured meat would reduce the carbon emissions of meat production by more than 80 percent . Making cultured meat In-vitro meat is made from samples of animals conventionally slaughtered . For example , "  pork " is made from pig ovaries retrieved from slaughterhouses , which are fertilized with pig semen , transforming them into embryos . They are then placed in a nutrient solution , where they grow and develop . It 's a long way from the popular image of animals wandering round the farmyard in the sunshine , but then so is modern intensive farming . The factor that could take the research from the lab to the store and into refrigerators around the world is its remarkable commercial potential . According to New Harvest , meat is already estimated to be a $ 1 trillion global market , and demand is expected to double by 2050 . With concerns about health , animal welfare and the environment growing the appeal of in vitro meat is obvious . Matheny told CNN that venture capitalists Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers have shown an interest in his technology , while Stegman , a sausage subsidiary of food giant Sara Lee , is a partner . The Netherlands ' Government has also invested around $ 4 million in Dutch research into in-vitro meat production . But it is n't just the suits who are circling with their checkbooks out -- campaign group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  have announced a $ 1 million prize for the first commercially viable in vitro chicken product . The Humane Society of the United States has also been supportive . "  We think that a technology to produce cultured ground meats -- burgers , sausages , nuggets , and so forth -- could be commercialized within ten years , " said Matheny . "  As with most technologies , successive generations should improve in price , quality , and acceptance . We do n't think that matching the taste and texture of ground meats will be very difficult . Both conventional and cultured meat is made of muscle tissue . And conventional ground meat is typically highly processed . Chicken nuggets for instance , are made of something called ` meat slurry ' -- it would be hard not to do better ! " Public attitude But the public does n't always blindly buy what companies believe they should , and acceptance of what is a very radical proposition certainly is n't a foregone conclusion . There are bound to be claims of "  Frankenfoods , " and reaction against the work . "  Social acceptance is n't guaranteed , but we all want meat that 's safer and healthier , " he said . "  If cultured meat looks , tastes , and costs the same as regular meat , then I think acceptance will be high . The more we learn about the health and environmental impact of conventional meat , the more cultured meat looks like a good alternative . " One obvious touchstone for how in-vitro-meat will be received by the public is perhaps the way GM crops were -- or were not - accepted around the world , something that Matheny draws encouragement from . "  What 's interesting about the GM issue is that it has been controversial in some places , but is a non-issue for most consumers , " he said . "  Most Americans are regularly eating GM foods . In any case , it 's not necessarily the case that cultured meat would involve GM foods . "  We all want meat that 's safer and healthier . If cultured meat looks , tastes , and costs the same as regular meat , then do we care that it 's produced in a steel tank , rather than in an animal farm ? "  Take hydroponic vegetables . We like the idea that they 're produced in sterile water instead of dirt and manure . It 's true that in-vitro meat is n't natural . Nor for that matter are hydroponic vegetables , or bread , or cheese , or wine . Raising 10,000 chickens indoors and pumping them full of drugs is n't natural , either , and it is n't healthy or safe . The more we learn about how meat is produced now , the more in-vitro meat looks like a better alternative . " Lab-produced meat also raises some ethical considerations . Kate McMahon , Friends of the Earth Energy and Transport campaigner , believes more attention should be paid to improving livestock conditions rather than developing in-vitro meat . "  At a time when hundreds of small-scale , sustainable farming operations are filing for bankruptcy every day , it is unethical to consider purchasing petri dish meat . Rather , we should be making it easier and more affordable to raise livestock in a safe , humane and ecologically sensitive manner , " she told CNN . Gillian Madill , Genetics Technologies spokesperson for Friends of the Earth , thinks that clear parameters for in-vitro development need to put in place : "  If we can successfully develop these products , what is the defining line between lab-grown meat and natural animals ? " she told CNN . "  That is an especially important question since a high level of differentiation and tissue complexity is required to replicate muscle tissue that we use as meat . We need to draw clear lines in order to prevent the commodification of all life . " Ultimately the success of in-vitro meat may be less about consumer sensibilities and more about the hard realities of feeding a growing global population in a finite world . "  With India and China doubling their meat consumption every decade , there 's no sustainable way to satisfy the growing global appetite for meat without a significant improvement in technology , " said Matheny . "  Cultured meat offers one solution . Improved plant-based meat substitutes offer another . I expect both will be needed . " Test tube burgers ? It seems you could be eating them sooner than you might expect . What do you think of in-vitro meat ? Do you think it could be a solution to the problems connected to meat production and climate change ? Let us know in the Sound Off box below .	Ongoing research into in-vitro meat ; grown in a lab using animal samples Advocates say in-vitro meat is better for health of humans and environment Lab-made meat could be served in a decade , says research scientist Jason Matheny
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Defense and diplomacy were on full display when the United Nations secretary-general took to the soccer field in the first U.N. ' "  DiploMatch . " "  It is very hard at my age to play soccer , " said the 64-year-old Ban Ki-moon . Typically , a Saturday evening soccer game with mostly middle-aged men would n't garner much attention , unless an ambulance is required . But the recent match played between two modest teams of U.N. ambassadors and officials , along with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , was certainly not typical . The mood was competitive yet congenial as the dignitaries traded their suits for shorts and hit the soccer field at Chelsea Piers on a balmy New York evening April 25 . "  Soccer is a sport that really can unite the people and generate enormous power and energy among people regardless of where you are coming from , " Ban said . "  When you follow the balls , you just forget , and you become one team , and you become one nation . This is what we aim to achieve today . " There was , of course , an underlying purpose behind the motivation to hit the pitch : support for a new charitable organization dedicated to advancing peace through the global reach and unifying power of soccer  also called football  . Watch Ban Ki-moon mix it up with diplomats on soccer field " British U.N. Ambassador John Sawers summed up the rationale motivating the event . "  Soccer 's the great world game , and this is -LSB- the -RSB- United Nations , the great world organization , playing it for charity , so it 's a lot of fun . " "  Football for reconciliation " is the driving purpose of Play31 , the organization behind the U.N. game . The group says the sport has the unique potential "  to bring people together , spread joy and to create healing in post-conflict societies . " Its mission statement further explains , "  By donating footballs and facilitating community gatherings , we contribute to the creation of peaceful societies where children can exercise their right to play . " Play31 and "  the right to play " are derived from Article 31 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child . The 1989 summit sought to guarantee certain universal rights for children under 18 , including "  the right of the child to rest and leisure , to engage in play and recreational activities appropriate to the age of the child and to participate freely in cultural life and the arts . " Jakob Lund , the 26-year-old founder and president of Play31 , was inspired to launch his program after spending time in Sierra Leone , a nation ravaged by 11 years of civil strife . "  We use soccer as a facilitator for people meeting each other and for people simply just interacting ... and I think that is something true for football is that it can transcend borders , languages , races , everything that we see can normally divide people -- on the football field , it can unite them , and that 's what is so special . " Added the enthusiastic U.N. ambassador from Paraguay , Eladio Loizaga , who contributed two goals in the first half for his team : "  I mean , I did n't expect that ! Two goals ! I tried to put my best tonight for the children and for the event . " Radhika Coomaraswamy , special representative for children in armed conflict , said , "  there is really something to do with children that really brings the United Nations together . " Ban also emphasized the plight of children as an important priority on the U.N. agenda . "  This is a very small symbolic event , but though it may be small , this will , I hope , demonstrate our solidarity to those people , many young children , who are in war-torn countries , who really want some hope from the international community . I hope this will help . " But even with all the togetherness for a good cause , settling disputes on the pitch versus the halls of the United Nations had to have been a different experience for the ambassadors . Sawers explained , "  these guys I spend my days from Monday to Friday negotiating with , and we have fun on weekends , so this is us having fun . " Chile 's Ambassador Heraldo Muoz , one of the team captains , elaborated . "  Getting out of the U.N. and of negotiations , and speeches ... is quite good . I think it should say something about humanity that we are not only diplomats , but we are also football players and poets and writers . " The other team was led by Ambassador Christian Wenaweser of Liechtenstein . Wenaweser was quite impressed with one particular participant , expressing how he thought the secretary-general 's performance was "  amazing . " "  He gave up his right to rest for this , and I think it 's amazing . And he played well ; he had good positioning , good defense . It was great , " Wenaweser said . Laughing , Ban responded to reactions about his defensive prowess . "  When the ball comes to me , then I have to defend my team , so that was very , very difficult . But I think I have defended well . " The 64 year-old secretary-general played nearly the entire game , mixing it up with fellow U.N. dignitaries . "  It is very hard at my age to play soccer , " Ban conceded . "  It 's very hard , but I feel very much a sense of full excitement and energy . " Ban 's dogged defense clearly made an impact . However , the secretary-general could n't resist his role as the world 's lead diplomat , even on the football field , and changed teams at halftime . Diplomatically , the score was not recorded , although observers said Team Lichtenstein was the victor . Ban played defense the entire time , except when he came off for a couple breathers . When he came off in the first half , the other team quickly scored three goals .	U.N. dignitaries play soccer to support group that promotes peace The group Play31 advocates the power of sport to bring young people together Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , ever the diplomat , changed teams at halftime The performance by Ban , 64 , was "  amazing , " says one ambassador
CNN  -- Ten years ago , the number of Western visitors to North Korea was well below a thousand a year , with Americans permitted by Pyongyang to visit only during the summer Mass Games . The number of Western visitors has since risen to 5,000 to 6,000 a year , and Americans , who now make up 25 % of Western visitors , are allowed to enter year round . In response to the surge of interest , London-based website Uniquely Travel has recently launched a comprehensive North Korea app . Part travel guide , part travel booking advisory , it features more than 350 places of interest . All destinations on the North Korea Travel App are open to visitors and have been geo-tagged by Curtis Melvin , a North Korea satellite imagery expert who the company says was banned from the country after widespread news coverage of his work . The app includes sections detailing the country 's history , culture and the ethics of traveling to North Korea , as well as a Tour Guide Tips section offering insights by Koryo Tours manager Simon Cockerell , who has been leading groups into the country for more than 10 years . "  The app appeals to that curiosity a lot of people have about what on Earth it 's like to go to a country like North Korea and is designed for armchair travelers as well as people who are actively interested in visiting , " says project manager Chad O'Carroll . A longtime North Korea watcher and founder and managing editor of NK News , O'Carroll got involved with the project last year when friends set up Uniquely Travel , a site dedicated to easing travel to countries with difficult relationships with Western governments . The North Korea app , developed by Magora Systems , is the first to launch . Guides to Iran and Libya are expected to follow . What can tourists expect when visiting North Korea ? More than just monuments "  Users can compare prices through the app in a similar way to Kayak.com or they can use the unique platform to put together their own itinerary and get companies to compete against each other for a custom  trip  , " says O'Carroll . He 's most excited about the work done by Melvin , who 's been studying Google Earth images for more than five years to piece together a detailed map of North Korea . "  People think you can only go to Pyongyang and see a bunch of monuments , but that 's not the case , " says O'Carroll . "  It 's interesting that they are opening places like Hoeryong , which is near a prison camp . "  With the increase in new destinations , it increases the chance that people will see more of the real North Korea . " The 99-cent app has an offline mode so it can be used in North Korea , where Internet connectivity is difficult and expensive . Though tourists were once forced to hand over their mobile phones for storage when entering the country , widespread reports in early 2013 noted that government officials appear to have relaxed the rules . For O'Carroll , the app is strictly for armchair use -- he too is banned from North Korea , most likely for his work with NK News , a "  privately owned specialist site focused on North Korea . " Based in London , O'Carroll founded NK News in 2010 . The greatest interest for the app is expected to come from the United States -- which is why it 's been produced in American English . If successful , the app may be translated into Chinese , Japanese and Korean , the other markets with strong interest in North Korea . The project , which started as an idea over a drink in a pub and was n't expected to cost much money or time , has wound up taking much longer and costing far more than expected , says O'Carroll , noting that the group has spent $ 20,000 to develop the engine , along with hundreds of hours of writing and editing . "  We just hope a nuclear test -- which is looking increasingly possible at the moment -- does n't happen to eclipse the launch , " he says . The North Korea Travel App is now available on iTunes and Google Play stores . O'Carroll says the app 's main competition is Bradt , a travel guidebook publishing company that covers non-mainstream destinations such as Sudan , Kazakhstan and Iran . According to Bradt 's website , the company will be publishing a guide to North Korea this year . More : World 's most exotic luxury ski resort ? Hitting the slopes at Masik , North Korea Kate Whitehead is a Hong Kong-based writer who recently visited North Korea . Her CNN reports on North Korea can be found here .	New app features more than 350 geo-tagged North Korean attractions and history/culture info App project manager says he 's been banned from North Korea North Korea Travel App cost $ 20,000 , thousands of hours to develop
CNN  -- Tuesday will bring a spectacle in the night sky worth staying up for when the moon turns a burnt reddish orange . The moon will begin to change color at about 1:58 a.m. ET Tuesday as it starts to slide into the Earth 's shadow until it becomes a "  blood moon " at 3:07 ET , NASA says . The best part of the show , the total eclipse portion , will last through 4:24 a.m. ET . The height of the event will take place at 3:45 a.m. ET . The big problem for potential viewers in the eastern United States will be the cloud cover , which is expected to hide the show from half of the country , save for cities on the coastline , which might be able to peek through . But cities including Dallas , Denver and Los Angeles should have optimal viewing . NASA said the entire event can be viewed by people in the Americas , while observers in the western Pacific will catch the second half of the event . The moon will be setting in most of Europe and Africa during the eclipse , so residents there probably wo n't see much . This one is just the first in a series of four consecutive total lunar eclipses . Within a year and a half , North Amerisca will be able to see a blood moon a total of four times . The moon takes on this color during the eclipse as it passes through the Earth 's shadow , into which red light from the planet 's sunrises and sunsets shines . According to NASA , the exact color depends on what is in the Earth 's atmosphere . The four blood moons will occur in roughly six-month intervals on the following dates : April 15 , 2014 ; October 8 , 2014 ; April 4 , 2015 , and September 28 , 2015 . With that frequency , one might be misled into thinking that they are commonplace . What 's up with the ` blood moon ' prophecies ? There are about two lunar eclipses per year , NASA says . Some of them -- penumbral , or barely visible , eclipses -- are so subtle , they go greatly unnoticed . Other eclipses just cast a partial shadow on the moon but lend it none of that brilliant sunset hue . Lunar eclipses -- penumbral , partial or umbral -- occur in random order , NASA says . Getting four umbral eclipses in a row is like drawing a rare lunar poker hand of four of a kind . Just like the poker players , astronomers have a name for that lucky draw . It 's called a tetrad , NASA says . "  The most unique thing about the 2014-2015 tetrad is that all of them are visible for all or parts of the USA , " longtime NASA eclipse expert Fred Espenak said in a prepared statement . In the 21st century , there will be many tetrads , but look back a few centuries , and you 'll find the opposite phenomenon , Espenak said . Before the dawn of the 20th century , there was a 300-year period when there were none , he said . Zero . That would mean that neither Sir Isaac Newton , Mozart , Queen Anne , George Washington , Napoleon , Abraham Lincoln nor their contemporaries ever had a chance to see one . So , we 're in luck . For gazing geeks , NASA has set up a live web chat to answer questions about the eclipse starting at 1 a.m. ET . Tuesday 's blood moon comes right on time for the Jewish holiday of Passover , which commemorates the ancient Israelites ' exodus from slavery in Egypt . According to the Bible , God cast 10 plagues upon the Egyptians , the final plague being the death of the firstborn . The Israelites painted lamb 's blood on their doorways so that this plague would pass over their homes . Timeline of events 12:53 a.m. ET -- The eclipse will officially begin but there will not yet be anything to see with the human eye . 1:40 a.m. ET -- Observers should start to see some partial darkening along the left edge of the moon that will increase as the minutes pass . 1:58 a.m. ET -- Partial eclipse begins : People will start to see the dark disk of the Earth 's shadow crossing the moon . The shadow will advanced across the moon throughout the next hour . 2:50 a.m. ET -- As more of the moon becomes covered in shadow , observers should start to see parts of the dark shadow turn dark red or orange . 3:06 a.m. ET -- Total eclipse begins with the moon completely in the shadow of the Earth and should appear reddish orange . The blood moon has arrived . 3:45 a.m. ET -- Great eclipse : The middle of the total eclipse ; moon should appear dark red/orange 4:24 a.m. ET -- Totoal eclipse ends : Moon will begin to reappear from the shadow and coloration will begin to disappear . 4:45 a.m. ET - As more of the moon emerges from the shadow , the color should be mostly gone . What is left will appear black . 5:33 a.m. ET -- Partial eclipse ends as dark shadow completely leaves the moon , which will return to its normal look over the next 10-20 minutes . 6:37 a.m. ET -- Eclipse officially ends . Send us your photos of the moon to CNN iReport . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	Just before 2 a.m. ET , people will start to see the Earth 's shadow crossing the moon The moon will turn a copper red for just more than an hour There will be four ` blood moons ' within a year and a half , and many in the 21st century Watch it beginning about 1:58 a.m. ET Tuesday
London  CNN  -- Britain has closed its embassy in Iran and evacuated all its staff from that country following the attack on the embassy compound in Tehran Tuesday , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Wednesday . Iran has also been ordered to close its embassy in London immediately , with its staff given 48 hours to leave , Hague said in a strongly worded statement to the UK Parliament . Protesters stormed Britain 's embassy and a separate compound Tuesday in Iran 's capital , sparking outrage in the United Kingdom . The buildings should have been guarded by Iranian security officers . Some demonstrators proceeded to vandalize and loot the homes of staff and the ambassador 's residence , destroy furniture , steal their property and set fire to the main embassy office building , Hague said . "  This is a breach of international responsibilities of which any nation should be ashamed , " Hague said . While relations between Britain and Iran have been strained in recent times , he said , "  We should be absolutely clear that no difficulty in relations can ever excuse in any way or under any circumstances the failure to protect diplomatic staff and diplomatic premises . "  Iran is a country where opposition leaders are under house arrest , more than 500 people have been executed so far this year and where genuine protest is ruthlessly stamped on . "  The idea that the Iranian authorities could not have protected our embassy or that this assault could have taken place without some degree of regime consent is fanciful . " The majority of about 200 demonstrators who overran the city center embassy compound were members of a student Basij militia organization , he said , which is "  controlled by elements of the Iranian regime . " Hague thanked those European and Arab nations that offered assistance to British Embassy staff following the incident . British citizens still in Iran will be supported by other EU missions there , he said . The United Nations Security Council , the United States , Germany , Poland , Russia and France have all expressed their concern over the incursion , which went against international law , he said . Alistair Burt , British under-secretary of state at the Foreign Office , also accused Iran 's government of being involved in the embassy incident on Wednesday , calling it a deliberate provocation . "  The people who were involved are known to have connections with elements of the regime , " Burt told CNN . He noted , "  Iran is a divided , conflicted leadership ... It is clear that not all parts of leadership were involved . But nothing like that happens in Tehran without leadership being involved in some way . " The attacks happened in "  two separate places , simultaneously , " Burt said . Protesters who raided the British Embassy and the other British compound were demanding that the British ambassador be sent home immediately . The incident has worried some other nations with diplomatic staff in Tehran . The Netherlands became the latest European nation to recall its ambassador to Iran for consultations late Wednesday , following the lead of France and Germany . The French Foreign Ministry said it was recalling its Tehran envoy , "  given this blatant and unacceptable violation of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and the severity of the violence . " The Iranian charge d'affaires in Paris has been called upon "  to reiterate France 's condemnation and to remind the Iranian authorities of their obligations , " the ministry said in a statement . Norway is closing its embassy there temporarily "  because of a general assessment of the security situation in Iran , " Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hilde Steinfeld said earlier Wednesday . A statement said the embassy would reopen Thursday . Ireland 's Foreign Office urged Iran to reconsider its decision to expel the British ambassador to Tehran and said it should bring those responsible for the embassy incursion to justice . If this does not happen , it said , "  there are likely to be serious consequences for Iran 's relations with the EU and the wider international community . " The EU Foreign Affairs Council will address the matter on Thursday , said Bernard Valero , spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry . Tuesday 's demonstration in Tehran followed an Iranian Parliament vote Sunday to expel the British ambassador and reduce diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom in retaliation for its new sanctions against Iran , according to IRNA , the country 's official news agency . The rally began quietly outside the embassy , but some participants stormed the building , breaking down the door . Among other things , they replaced the British flag with an Iranian one . Speaker Ali Larijani was quoted on the Iranian Parliament 's official website as saying that while Iranians should act legally , the decision to expel the British envoy was a response to Britain 's own behavior . "  The gathering of the Iranian people in front of the British embassy was a reflection of the nation 's public opinion caused by British actions , " he said , according to the website . Alaedin Boroujerdi , the lawmaker who introduced the expulsion bill , told the semi-official Fars News Agency on Wednesday that while Iran is glad to see the last of the British diplomats , "  The consequences of closing down Iran 's embassy in the UK will be London 's responsibility . " Britain cut all financial ties with Iran last week over concerns about its nuclear program , the first time it has cut an entire country 's banking sector off from British finance . Iran 's Foreign Ministry expressed its regret for the student protest , saying on its website that it had "  turned into an out of control demonstration . " The ministry said it would "  take action through legal channels " against those who stormed the embassy building . "  A number of " protesters who broke into both places have been arrested , IRNA said , quoting the nation 's deputy commander of security forces . Hague warned Tuesday of "  serious consequences " for the raids . British Prime Minister David Cameron described the incursion as "  outrageous and indefensible " and demanded that Iran immediately ensure the safety of all British Embassy personnel . Iranian security forces are responsible for guarding the embassy under international law , he said . "  The failure of the Iranian government to defend British staff and property was a disgrace , " the prime minister said . "  The Iranian government must recognize that there will be serious consequences for failing to protect our staff , " Cameron said . "  We will consider what these measures should be in the coming days . " Last week 's sanctions ordered British credit and financial institutions to end their business relationships and transactions with all Iranian banks , their branches and subsidiaries . The move came after an International Atomic Energy Agency report highlighted new concerns about "  the possible military dimensions of Iran 's nuclear program , " the British Treasury statement said last week . Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated . " CNN 's Adam Levine , Elizabeth Joseph , Antonia Mortensen , Claudia Rebaza , Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	NEW : The Netherlands recalls its ambassador to Iran for consultations Britain has closed its embassy in Tehran after an attack Tuesday Britain has also ordered the immediate closure of the Iranian Embassy in London , Hague says France and Germany recall their ambassadors for consultations
Washington  CNN  -- A second government report on the Secret Service scandal involving prostitutes in Colombia found no fault with how the agency investigated the matter , according to a copy obtained Friday by CNN . The report by the Homeland Security Department inspector general 's office was scheduled to be released next week . In its first report last September , the inspector general concluded that the incident in which Secret Service agents brought prostitutes to their Cartagena hotel last spring caused no security threat before President Barack Obama arrived in the country for a summit . The new report coming out Tuesday said the Secret Service "  responded expeditiously and thoroughly " to the incident . The agency immediately pulled 11 agents allegedly involved in the prostitution scandal from the security detail , put them on administrative leave and removed their security clearances . Report : DEA agent made prostitute arrangement for Secret Service agent "  Investigative activities included interviewing 232 subjects and witnesses , sending four inspectors to Colombia , reviewing thousands of e-mail messages , and administering 14 polygraph examinations , " the report said . It noted that Obama 's security was not compromised and that the agency took subsequent steps intended to prevent similar problems on future trips . The report made no recommendations , which signaled the watchdog 's satisfaction with how the incident was handled . A third report examining whether the culture of the Secret Service enabled or tolerated such behavior was expected in coming months . Secret Service scandal : Systemic problem or abberation ? The incident that embarrassed the nearly 150-year-old agency and raised security concerns involved agents who were part of the advance team preparing for Obama 's arrival for the Summit of the Americas last April . They hit the clubs of Cartagena for a night of drinking that ended with bringing women back to their hotel rooms . A morning-after dispute between one agent and a woman over payment led to exposure of what happened and the ensuing investigations . Nine agents eventually left or lost their jobs . U.S. soldiers reprimanded in scandal At a hearing by the Senate Homeland Security Committee in May , Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan insisted the incident was an aberration . "  This is not a cultural issue , this is not a systemic issue , " Sullivan said , arguing that similar misconduct had n't occurred on thousands of other overseas trips by Secret Service agents . "  On this particular trip , we had individuals who made very bad decisions . " In addition to the Secret Service agents , 12 military personnel also were cited for their role in the scandal in Cartagena . Seven U.S. Army soldiers , two Marines and an Air Force member received letters of reprimand , while two members of the Navy refused non-judicial punishment and are awaiting court-martial . Escort in Secret Service scandal says her life is ` ruined ' CNN 's Ted Barrett and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Homeland security inspector general 's report made no recommendations It is the second report on the April 2012 incident in Cartagena A previous report found no security breach before President Obama 's trip A third report is expected to examine the culture of the Secret Service
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's judge apparently is so pleased with how well the actress is complying with her probation requirements in the past six weeks that she 's giving her more freedom to travel . "  Ms. Lohan , you 've actually done well and done it not only on time but early , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner said during a five-minute-long hearing Wednesday . Lohan worked 12 days at the county morgue and took part in five psychotherapy sessions over the past month as ordered , Sautner said . "  The morgue seems to be pleased , as pleased as a morgue can be , " Sautner said . The judge offered an incentive for Lohan to finish her monthly community service work early : She can travel freely around the United States after she completes her required 12 morgue shifts between court dates . If Lohan keeps up her compliance and completes 41 more days at the morgue -- 12 shifts each month -- and four sessions with a psychologist per month , the actress will have her supervised probation eased at the end of March . If she fails , she will serve an additional 270 days behind bars , the judge warned her last month . "  This is what we really call putting the keys to the jail in the defendant 's hands , " Sautner told Lohan . Lohan was found in violation of her probation last month when she admitted that she failed to comply with Sautner 's earlier order that she work at a women 's shelter . Her punishment -- a 30-day jail sentence -- translated into just a few hours behind bars because of measures to reduce overcrowding in Los Angeles County jails . The atmosphere at Wednesday 's status hearing was much lighter than in any previous appearances before Sautner . When Lohan 's attorney , Shawn Holley , asked the judge if Lohan was required to be in court January 17 for the next status hearing , Sautner said , "  If I say no , she wo n't complete everything . I 'm just saying . " The judge 's next comment made Lohan lower her face into her hands , laughing . "  I think she likes to come here and see me , " Sautner said . "  I think that 's a motivation for her . " The judge said Lohan 's trip to Hawaii over the past week was approved by her probation officer because of "  some confusion " about her travel restrictions . She is permitted to travel outside California only for holidays and work , she said . "  She thought your sister 's birthday was a holiday and said she could go to Hawaii , " Sautner said . "  I do n't have a problem with it . " Lohan missed her flight back home from her Hawaiian vacation Monday , causing her to miss Tuesday 's taping of an appearance on "  Ellen . " The chat with talk-show host Ellen DeGeneres was the only planned interview to promote Lohan 's nude photo spread published this week in Playboy magazine . The court-ordered community service is part of Lohan 's sentence imposed in May when she pleaded guilty to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . Lohan was already on probation for two drunken driving convictions from 2007 . "  From what I see of you , you need a structure , " Sautner told Lohan last month , instructing her to return to court each month to show she is complying with the schedule . Lohan 's legal woes , which began four years ago with two drunken driving arrests , have been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes and alcohol and drug test failures . Her probation is scheduled to end within a year unless Lohan breaks any laws before then . It has been extended several times because of violations , including the failed alcohol and drug tests . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Lindsay Lohan has "  done well " on probation the past month , the judge says NEW : The judge eased Lohan 's travel limit once she does 12 shifts at the morgue each month NEW : Judge : "  The morgue seems to be pleased , as pleased as a morgue can be " If she stays on track , Lohan 's probation will be eased in March , judge says
CNN  -LSB- Breaking news update , posted at 10.45 p.m. ET -RSB- Sri Lanka 's Mahinda Rajapaksa concedes defeat to opposition candidate Maithripala Sirisena in the country 's presidential election , prime minister-designate Ranil Wickremesinghe tells CNN . -LSB- Previous story , posted at 8.17 p.m. ET -RSB- CNN  -- In November , when Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa called an election two years earlier than necessary , the path ahead looked clear for an unprecedented third term in office . But as the nation of 15 million eligible voters waits for the results of yesterday 's polls , the 69-year-old 's electoral ambitions may be in jeopardy . After enabling an extension of his presidency by doing away with a two-term limit , Rajapaksa 's campaign was spectacularly wrong-footed by the surprise defection of dozens of political allies -- including the man who now threatens to unseat him . Maithripala Sirisena , 63 , was general-secretary of Rajapaksa 's Sri Lanka Freedom Party and health minister in his cabinet when he defected . He is now challenging him for the presidency , on behalf of a broad opposition alliance analysts describe as the most serious challenge Rajapaksa has faced . The race -- which watchdogs say has been marred by hundreds of incidents of political violence and government misuse of state media -- has been too close to call . Opinion polls and analysts spoken to by CNN are divided on the outcome . "  It 's not auguring very well for  Rajapaksa  . He 's got a contest on his hands , " said Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu , executive director of Sri Lanka 's Center for Policy Alternatives . He said Rajapaksa , accustomed to a weak and fragmented opposition , could not have anticipated facing a united alliance of nearly 40 parties -- including 23 parliamentarians who have defected from the president 's own grouping , as well as nationalists from the Sinhalese majority and Tamil and Muslim minorities in the ethnically diverse nation . "  He did n't expect the candidate to be Sirisena , " said Saravanamuttu . "  I think he probably underestimated the disaffection in the country and the desire for change . " ` Rock star appeal ' Rajapaksa , a lawyer by trade , entered parliament in 1970 , became prime minister in 2004 and was narrowly elected president a year later . In 2010 , he was returned to power with 58 % of the vote . His crowning achievement in office has been crushing the Tamil Tigers and bringing an end to the bloody 25-year civil war that had raged between the state and the Tamil separatists . The conduct of both the government and the Tamil Tigers was slammed by legal experts at the United Nations , who accused both sides in a 2011 report of war crimes and crimes against humanity . Yet the victory -- delivering security and renewed prosperity to the war-ravaged nation , with an average of 7 % economic growth a year during his presidency -- remains his prime political asset , says Dayan Jayatilleke , a political scientist and former Sri Lankan diplomat . "  When voters turn on their TVs and they see the attack on Charlie Hebdo , on the Pakistan school , or Boko Haram , it reminds them of how hideous it is to live under terrorism , " he said . "  That 's something the Sri Lanka voters have done for years , and whatever they think of the rest of his style of governance , they think he 's the guy who made it go away . " He says the folksy Rajapaksa , whose mustached face is a ubiquitous sight on posters throughout the island nation and is frequently likened to an ancient Sinhalese king , possesses "  a rock star appeal . " But despite this , dissatisfaction appears to be growing with his rule , which is increasingly seen by some as autocratic , corrupt and nepotistic , he says . Too much power ? Following his 2010 reelection , an emboldened Rajapaksa amended the constitution to concentrate power in the presidential office and remove presidential term limits . To many Sri Lankans , says Saravanamuttu , the move felt excessive . "  They want the force of the executive president trimmed or abolished . " There is also a widespread perception , says Jayatilleka , that Rajapaksa "  has been ladling out a disproportionate share of resources to his family , " and is focused on building a political dynasty . Three of Rajapaksa 's brothers occupy powerful positions : Basil is the Minister of Economic Development , Gotabaya is Defense Secretary and Chamal is the Speaker of Parliament . Minorities alienated The country 's significant minorities -- Tamils , who comprise about 15 % of the population , and Muslims , who account for 9 % -- have also largely thrown their lot in with the opposition , says Jayatilleke . While Muslim voters had previously supported Rajapaksa over his vocal support for Palestinians , he had "  totally alienated " them in recent times with his perceived tolerance of monk-led Buddhist extremist group Bodu Bala Sena  Buddhist Power Force  , which supports Rajapaksa 's bid for re-election . READ MORE : Fascists in saffron robes ? The rise of the Bodu Bala Sena Last month , the Sri Lanka Muslim Congress defected to the opposition . The Bodu Bala Sena has been blamed for instigating outbursts of anti-Muslim mob violence , including a deadly rampage in the town of Aluthgama in June . READ MORE : Fear , shock among Sri Lankan Muslims in aftermath of mob violence Sirisena 's heartland appeal Sirisena , who hails from the rice-producing North Central Province , also holds strong appeal as a candidate to Rajapaksa 's traditional rural base in the "  Sinhalese heartland , " says Jayatilleka . "  He 's a Sinhala Buddhist from a peasant background -- you could n't get more mainstream than that in Sri Lankan politics , " he said . Jailed early in his career in 1971 during a communist insurrection , Sirisena rejoined mainstream politics through the Sri Lanka Freedom Party . While he lacks strong persona ; charisma , coming across as "  a sober serious kind of man , " Sirisena presented a more appetizing alternative to voters than other potential opposition candidates , said Jayatilleke . The opposition also benefited from having run a stronger campaign than the government , he said . So much so , Saravanamuttu says , that "  conventional wisdom suggests that  Sirisena  may have an edge " at the polls . For his part , Jayatilleka disagrees , comparing Rajapaksa 's prospects to those of Russian President Vladimir Putin during his most recent re-election . "  The international media expected Putin to lose because opinion in Moscow and St Petersburg was against him , " he said . "  But in the provinces where most of the votes come from , they voted the other way , because Putin was seen as having crushed the Chechen terrorist threat and having restored the state of Russia in the world . " Jayatilleka 's pick ? "  Rajapaksa will probably lose all the cities . And the opposition , having won the campaign , will probably lose the election . " CNN 's Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	Sri Lanka 's Mahinda Rajapaksa concedes defeat in presidential elections His former ally , Maithripala Sirisena , will replace him as the country 's leader Popular for ending the civil war , Rajapaksa increasingly seen as authoritarian and nepotistic
CNN  -- Not every travel adventure involves tracking wild animals or hanging off a mountain . Some feats of endurance come in the form of festivals , and Munich 's Oktoberfest is no exception . This annual beer-soaked event is under way now , but a visit to the charming Bavarian town of Munich is a treat year-round . Whether you 're visiting in winter or in summer , there is sure to be plenty to do . Read on for tips in each season : Take in the scenery when it 's cold CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux shares her tips for cold-weather explorations : I arrived in Munich by train . The warm bright interiors of the train car and the boisterous passengers sharply contrasted with the increasingly snowy exterior as we left northern Italy , crossed the Alps and arrived in the neat metropolis . After spending four months studying in the incredibly beautiful yet utterly perplexing city of Venice , Italy , Munich stood out first and foremost for its order . Trains take you where you need to go , they run on time and the buildings all look like they could stand forever in their neat , thoughtful lines Walking , biking or taking public transport allows visitors to take in the interesting architecture of the city . The city exhibits modern platzes , or squares , with glass buildings , impressive monuments and historic buildings galore . Share your photos and tips for Munich Enjoy the Hofgarten , a lovely yet strangely haunting garden in the middle of the city replete with ornate buildings and statues . As is the case with many landmarks and buildings in this charming city , the garden was first constructed in the 17th century , then destroyed during World War II and rebuilt much the same . Around town , you 'll notice some buildings with facades painted on to approximate a style lost in the war . Across town , pay a visit to Ludwig-Maximilians-Universitt . The main building was designed by Friedrich von Grtner , an important architect from the mid 19th century , and features large beautiful halls . Plus a visit to a college area always pays off in good , cheap food options . Munich has a festival for every season . October boasts the bertraditional Oktoberfest , the summer months have outdoor concerts and Christmas carnivals fill the winter months . Keep these tips in mind if you go for the holiday markets : Rule No. 1 , bundle up ! The icy wind here comes off the mountains and will chill you to the core . Luckily , every outdoor Christmas market , or Christkindlmarkt , sells a variety of hot beverages including hot mulled wine or Glhwein . Do n't be surprised when vendors hand you a beautiful ceramic mug full of wine . But do n't walk away with the mug ; you 're just renting it . Return it after drinking and move on to the next market for more shopping and sipping . At the markets you 'll find all manner of gifts and knickknacks from the classically Bavarian items to more modern crafts . The Tollwood Festival stands out as one of the largest in town . It also boasts musical and theatrical performances and a large variety of food from around the world . The No. 1 rule with these markets : pace yourself -- these warm oases in a cold season are all over town . Should market hopping make you ill , Munich has a very modern and well-run health care system . Perhaps I succumbed to the cold weather , the festival food or the bug that I heard was going around town , but whatever the reason , my host and I both found ourselves sick to the point of dehydration . After a quick train ride we arrived at an emergency room and were seen by a doctor almost immediately . The visit to a lovely doctor who spoke perfect English was a mere 35 Euro , including intravenous fluids . Afterward , I walked across the street , prescriptions in hand , shelled out 15 more Euro and felt right as rain . I never once showed ID or an insurance card . Getting sick should not rank high on your travel list , but if illness falls , fear not ! Get outdoors and soak up the sun in summer Read on for some warm-weather finds from CNN 's Emily Smith . Munich is delightful in the warmer months . Locals and tourists alike flood the streets and fill cafes . Take advantage of the weather and spend as much time outdoors as possible . We rented bikes from a tour company opposite the train station . Being a nervous biker I was pleasantly surprised that motorists moved over , and I never felt at all unsafe . We opted for a tour that included both historical stops as well as a visit to a few beer gardens . In Munich , beer is big business year-round and Hofbrauhaus is one of the oldest and most popular places to indulge . Beer maidens carry giant mugs of frothy golden goodness between tables crammed family-style with tourists from all over the world . The mood is jovial and spirited , and the schnitzel is n't half bad either . Most of the food found at beer gardens is real stick to your ribs-type stuff . We dined on giant pretzels and bratwurst for the most part . The Chinese Tower Beer Garden , in the large city park called the English Garden , is also a must-try . Located at the base of a wooden pagoda , seating is predominantly outdoors and there is often a live brass band . If you opt for a guided tour , listen well and you 'll learn some interesting facts . For example , beer gardens used to store beer in underground cellars beneath the shade of chestnut trees . The English garden , with its many chestnut trees , is beautiful and definitely worth a walk around . It 's rather expansive so plot out a route and be aware of the Schnfeldwiese lawn -- it 's a favorite of nudists . No judgment ! Another fun outdoor activity off the garden can be found at the Eisbach River . There you 'll come across something unexpected -- surfers ! The river forms a natural standing wave that draws board riders to get their fix . There 's usually a crowd but patience is rewarded with a spot on the bridge overlooking the wave . The sport has become so popular that the location now boasts multiple wave riding competitions . It helps to have a tour guide in a city like Munich -- the city is large and while easy to navigate it 's nice to have someone point out the pockmarked buildings from the war instead of walking right by with your nose glued to a map . The city has a rich cultural history and is home to world-class museums and galleries . Munich is the kind of city where it 's easy to mix the fun of beer garden hopping with the opportunity to get your knowledge on .	Munich is great during Oktoberfest , but it 's also wonderful year-round In the cooler months , enjoy the beautiful scenery and browse holiday markets When it 's warm , check out a beer garden and make time for some fun in the sun Have you been to Munich ? Share your story with CNN iReport
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe slashed 12 zeros from its currency as hyperinflation continued to erode its value , the country 's central bank announced Monday . Patrick Chinamasa , Zimbabwe 's acting finance minister , arrives last week at Parliament to present the '09 budget . "  Even in the face of current economic and political challenges confronting the economy , the Zimbabwe dollar ought to and must remain the nation 's currency , so as to safeguard our national identity and sovereignty . ... Our national currency is a fundamental economic pillar of our sovereignty , " said Gideon Gono , governor of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe . "  Accordingly , therefore , this monetary policy statement unveils yet another necessary program of revaluing our local currency , through the removal of 12 zeros with immediate effect . " The move means that 1 trillion in Zimbabwe dollars now will be equivalent to one Zimbabwe dollar . The old notes -- with the highest being 100 trillion dollars -- not enough to buy a loaf of bread -- will remain valid until June 30 , after which they will cease to be legal tender . One U.S. dollar is trading above 300 trillion Zimbabwe dollars . This third attempt to lop off zeros comes barely six months after the Zimbabwe government last adjusted its currency as it continues to lose value . World-record inflation estimated to be in the billions of percent -- but officially at 231 million percent as of July last year -- has quickly eroded the currency 's value again and again . The highest note on the new set is 500 Zimbabwe dollars . Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting the local currency , preferring foreign currency due to the hyperinflationary environment . Last week , the country 's acting finance minister , Patrick Chinamasa , allowed the use of foreign currency by everyone else . Despite the use of foreign currency , the Zimbabwe dollars are in acute shortage , resulting in many people sleeping outside their banks hoping to get money the following day . Regarding the cash shortages , Gono blamed Germany for dropping a contract that helped the country print money . "  The country has suffered bouts of cash shortages , which have disadvantaged both the corporate and household sectors , " he said . "  As a country , we have come to terms with this stubborn reality that we were put under economic sanctions by Germany , which unilaterally cut a 50-year-old contract to supply us with currency printing paper , machinery , spare parts and inks without notice in July last year . "	One trillion in Zimbabwe dollars now will be equivalent to one Zimbabwe dollar Zimbabwe 's inflation rate officially at 231 million percent as of last July Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting local currency Acting finance minister recently allowed all Zimbabweans to use foreign currency
Moscow  CNN  -- The Bolshoi Ballet says the allegations swirling around one of its dancers -- that he choreographed an attack to blind the artistic director -- are "  absurd . " Even an alleged confession in the case does nothing to convince the cast and crew that Pavel Dmitrichenko could be behind the attack that severely burned and nearly blinded Sergei Filin , the Bolshoi employees said in an open letter Wednesday . "  Unfortunately , the history of our country and our society knows many examples " when results were achieved by "  illegal methods , and evidence and proof often turned out to be a fiction , " the letter said . The group called for an independent commission to probe the attack . Moscow police struck back , saying its "  investigators do their job honestly . " Ballet ` villain ' arrested : Story in 4 Acts The plot laid out by authorities pits Dmitrichenko as the central villain , lashing out against Filin -- a man who often cast Dmitrichencko as the villain in productions . What neither side disputes : Someone threw sulfuric acid into Filin 's face in January as he entered his Moscow apartment . Police say Dmitrichenko had two co-conspirators , one of whom threw the acid . Local newspapers had quoted ballet members as saying Dmitrichenko was angry because he thought Filin was stifling the career of Anzhelina Vorontsova -- Dmitrichenko 's girlfriend . "  For everyone who knows Pavel Dmitrichenko , even the idea that he could be the mastermind and the customer of the crime committed in such a brutal form , is absurd , " the Bolshoi 's cast and crew said in their letter . "  Having known Pavel personally for many years , we are convinced that despite his notorious temper , his hot-headedness and his straightforwardness , he is a very decent and sympathetic person who is always ready to extend a helping hand . " The members added they are convinced "  that the fundamental disagreements with Sergei Filin about his artistic and personnel policy in the ballet could not go beyond the law . We believe that the investigation 's findings are too rushed , the evidence seems unconvincing and we view Pavel 's testimony , which was later changed , as given under pressure . " Dmitrichenko and his two alleged accomplices are being held until the police investigation is over . It may take at least six months for Filin to recover from the burns . Doctors performed a skin graft on him , and , after a second eye surgery , were able to save his sight . Filin is "  coming through the toughest period of his life , " the ballet said . "  We hope that the true reasons and circumstances of this crime would be established . " Police said the investigation is still ongoing , and preliminary results will be reported to the ballet and to the public . Last week , police declared their case was solved with Dmitrichenko 's confession . "  I organized this attack but not to the extent that it happened , " the dancer is heard saying in a video released by police . Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency reported that before the attack , Filin suffered months of intimidation , including threatening phone calls , someone slashing his tires , and someone attempting to hack his Facebook page . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow ; CNN 's Josh Levs reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The Bolshoi Ballet cast and crew issue an open letter standing by the plot 's alleged mastermind The letter suggests illegal methods in obtaining Pavel Dmitrichenko 's confession Police say their investigators are acting honestly The ballet wants an independent commission to investigate
Washington  CNN  -- Ten Mexican nationals have been charged with last year 's killings of three Americans connected to the U.S. Consulate in Juarez , Mexico , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced Wednesday . The 10 are among 35 members of the international gang Barrio Azteca charged with various counts of racketeering , murder , drug offenses , money laundering and obstruction of justice , Holder said . "  Twelve of these defendants were arrested just this morning by teams of United States federal , state and local authorities in Texas and in New Mexico , " Holder announced at a Justice Department news conference . U.S. Consulate employee Leslie Ann Enriquez Catton ; her husband , Arthur Redelfs ; and Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , the husband of another U.S. Consulate employee , were killed last March 13 . Justice officials do not have a motive in the shootings , but they have n't ruled out a case of mistaken identity . Seven of the 10 defendants charged with the consulate killings are in custody in Mexico , U.S. authorities said . "  The indictment unsealed today represents our continued action to ensure safety along our Southwest border , to seek justice for victims of violent crime in this region , and to weaken dangerous criminal organizations currently operating in Mexico and the United States , " said Holder . "  These arrests and criminal charges will disrupt Barrio Azteca 's current operations , and they reaffirm that we will not tolerate acts of violence against those who serve and protect American citizens . We will continue to stand with our partners in Mexico , and together , build on our unprecedented joint efforts to combat violence and protect the safety of the American and the Mexican people . " Justice officials say Barrio Azteca , which began in the late 1980s as a violent prison gang and expanded into a transnational criminal organization , is a highly organized and brutal gang . "  Barrio Azteca gang members are cold blooded criminals who show no respect for the law or justice , murdering innocent victims , trafficking drugs and inciting violence , " said DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart . "  The fight is not over , we are in this for the long haul . We will continue to use every tool at our disposal to hold accountable violent criminal organizations and gangs that have been terrorizing border communities , " said Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer of the Criminal Division . "  This is at times a gruesome battle , but make no mistake , we will not stop and we are not going away , " Breuer added . Holder said the Justice Department is working on extradition proceedings for the seven charged in the consulate killings and already in custody .	A U.S. consulate employee and two others were killed in Mexico last year Ten Mexican nationals have been charged and seven are already in custody The 10 are among 35 members of the Barrio Azteca gang charged with various offenses U.S. authorities announced the indictments Wednesday
London  CNN  Britain needs more women as spies -- and it could do worse than look to recruit them on popular parenting website Mumsnet . That 's according to a report released Thursday by Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee . The report recommends targeting women , including mothers and those who are middle-aged or mid-career , to help break through "  the permafrost " of men in middle management "  who have a very traditional male mentality and outlook . " The idea that a new cohort of British spies could be signed up via Mumsnet , more usually associated with debates on pregnancy , childcare and homemaking , may surprise some . But lawmaker Hazel Blears , a committee member , said recruiting more women to the three intelligence and security agencies the committee oversees is a crucial way to change the intelligence agencies ' sometimes hidebound culture . The current setup fosters "  a management culture which rewards those who speak the loudest or are aggressive in pursuing their career and does not fully recognise the value of a more consultative , collaborative approach , " she said . But women 's life experience and other qualities should not be overlooked , she said . In a sign of the changing times , the latest film iteration of British spy James Bond has had a female boss -- "  M , " played by Judi Dench . But while women currently make up about 37 % of the employees across the UK intelligence agencies , according to the Intelligence and Security Committee report , they make up fewer than one-fifth of those in senior roles . The recruiting idea has met with some amusement in the Mumsnet community . "  If they need someone whose special skill is getting melted chocolate down her dog-haired jumper and not noticing , I 'm their woman , " posts one Mumsnet user . "  I would LOVE to be a spy . Like actually LOVE it . And no one would suspect me . I am too boring and frumpy , " writes another . A third , more skeptical , comments : "  Yes , people who ca n't help but type their every passing thought into an online forum would make great spies . " Besides using women-focused outlets like Mumsnet to reach a new pool of talent , the committee recommends certain steps to make working for MI5 , MI6 and Government Communications Headquarters  GCHQ  more tempting for women . These include offering better career management , encouraging women to set up their own informal support networks and not limiting their options if they have children . "  Women who have successfully been filling operational roles must n't be sidelined after they have children . They still have the first class skills that the Agencies helped them to build , so these should be used , " Blears said . Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright -- who similarly looked into the position of women in the CIA -- backed the UK report and what it said about the value of women in the intelligence agencies . "  Diversity should be pursued -- not just on legal or ethical grounds , important as these are in their own right -- but because it will result in a better response to the range of threats that threaten national security , " she said .	More women are needed to change the culture of Britain 's intelligence agencies , report says Mumsnet , an online parenting forum , could be used to reach a new pool of talent , it suggests
CNN  -- George Hochsprung 's world began to crumble Friday when one of the students at the Connecticut middle school where he works walked up to him . Something was happening at the elementary school less than 10 miles away where Hochsprung 's wife was principal , the student said , holding a computer . There were reports his wife had been killed . Hochsprung rushed out of the building , one of dozens of family members of students and staff at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , desperately seeking information about their loved ones that day . His wife , Dawn , was in a meeting that morning when a 20-year-old local man blasted his way into the elementary school armed with three guns . She stepped out of the meeting to find out what was going on and never returned . She was among the 26 people shot and killed inside the school by the gunman , Adam Lanza , who then turned a weapon on himself . Twenty of the dead were children . As people across the world struggle to comprehend Lanza 's atrocious acts , George Hochsprung has been left with a future that no longer makes sense . He is more than 20 years older than his wife , who was 47 when she died . He never imagined he would outlive her . "  Dawn and I built this beautiful house in the Adirondacks , our dream , " he said in an interview Sunday night , sitting on a couch surrounded by his three daughters and one of his stepdaughters . "  It was going to be Dawn 's house because I was going to die , " he said , explaining that they had included extra rooms in the house , so that their children and grandchildren could come keep his wife company after he was gone . "  And now it 's me , " he said . "  I do n't think I can do that . " He is now leaning on the support of their children and 11 grandchildren , but even that seems incongruous to him . "  My job has always been to take care of other people , " he said . Slain principal remembered as energetic , positive , passionate Fittingly for two people who had made their careers in education , the couple met at a school , Rogers Park Middle School in Danbury , Connecticut . It 's the same school where he was working Friday . He was a good deal older when they met , but she was his superior in the school hierarchy : She was an assistant principal , and he was a seventh-grade math teacher . "  I just fell in love with her , " he said . But it took a little while for him to persuade her to marry him : "  She turned me down five times . " Once he won her over , their wedding was influenced by their mutual love of sailing , taking place on a boat at sea near the Connecticut port of Mystic a decade ago . They had both been married previously , and their union brought together three daughters on his side and two on hers . One of her two daughters , Erica , described a devoted mother . "  Every practice , she was there , " she said . "  All of my sister 's cheerleadering stuff , she was there . Every dance competition . She was doing homework on the bleachers , but she was there . And she was my rock . " Dawn Hochsprung 's commitment to her family was closely matched by her dedication to her students , according to friends and family members . "  She was really nice and very fun , but she was also very much a tough lady in the right sort of sense , " according to Tom Prunty , a friend , whose niece goes to Sandy Hook and was uninjured Friday . "  She was the kind of person you 'd want to be educating your kids . And the kids loved her . " Her decision to step out into danger when the shooting began has left her husband with some difficult emotions . "  Dawn put herself in jeopardy , and I have been angry about that , " he said . But that changed Sunday , he said , when he met two teachers who told him that his wife had instructed them to take shelter while she confronted Lanza . "  She could 've avoided that , " George Hochsprung said . "  But she did n't ; I knew she would n't . So , I 'm not angry anymore . " His voice wavering , he continued : "  I 'm not angry . I 'm just very sad . "	Dawn Hochsprung was principal of the school were 26 people were massacred Her husband says he never imagined he would outlive her He says he was initially angry she had put herself in danger by confronting the gunman But now he says , "  I 'm not angry . I 'm just very sad "
CNN  -- A Thai advisory panel has recommended an overhaul of the country 's law that stipulates heavy sentences for insulting the royal family , according to a letter addressed to the prime minister seen Thursday by CNN . The independent Truth for Reconciliation Commission of Thailand said in the letter that the punishments should be less severe and "  based more on popular sentiment . " The commission has no power itself to change the law , but its views are respected in Thailand . International groups like Human Rights Watch have repeatedly criticized Thailand 's tough laws against defaming , insulting or threatening the royal family . Last month , a Thai criminal court sentenced a Thai-born American to 21/2 years in prison for insulting the monarchy . The U.S. government said it was "  troubled " by the case and criticized the sentence as too harsh . The recent letter to Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra was dated December 30 , but it was sent to CNN and other international news organizations Thursday . In it , the commission supported the view of human rights organizations who say the lese-majeste law has been misused for political reasons . The law should be changed , the letter said , otherwise "  it may continue to be used as a political tool and will therefore obstruct reconciliation between people in our country . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	The commission calls for less severe punishments for insulting the monarchy International organizations have criticized Thailand 's lese-majeste law The commission is independent and does not have the power to change the law It addressed its letter to Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra
Tokyo  CNN  -- The owners of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi power plant must start paying up to 1 million yen  $ 12,000  per household to residents displaced or forced indoors by the nuclear accident there , Japan 's government ordered Friday . The Tokyo Electric Power Company will start handing out checks "  as smoothly and as early as possible , " hopefully by April 28 , its president , Masataka Shimizu , told reporters . Sole residents will receive 750,000 yen and multi-person households will get 1 million , Shimizu said , with the company 's interim cost estimated at about $ 600 million . A government committee ordered the payments as an advance on the compensation that Tokyo Electric will owe nearby residents and businesses for the month-old crisis at Fukushima Daiichi , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Friday . Edano said the government hopes to have payments in residents ' hands by Japan 's "  Golden Week , " a string of national holidays that begins April 29 . Tokyo Electric offered a token payment to residents of 10 municipalities around the plant in early April . But officials in one of those towns , Namie , rejected the offer , saying it amounted to about $ 12 for each of its roughly 20,000 residents . Tokyo Electric has no timetable for resolving the accident , and the yet-unknown cost of compensation has called the survival of Japan 's largest utility into question . The Japanese government has agreed to support the company to keep power flowing to its 25 million customers without big rate increases , Deputy Finance Minister Fumihiko Igarashi told CNN , but he said a government takeover of the utility was unlikely . "  The way the government will approach that is still in the decision process , " Igarashi said . The utility reported 2010 profits of more than 1.4 trillion yen  $ 17 billion  . About 78,000 people living within 20 kilometers  12.4 miles  of the plant were ordered out of their homes in the days after the March 11 accident , which now is ranked at the top of the international scale for nuclear disasters . Those living another 10 kilometers out were told to remain indoors as the plant belched radioactive particles into the environment from three damaged reactors . Monday , Japanese authorities told residents of five municipalities in that outer belt and beyond to evacuate within a month , due to lower levels of radioactive contamination that are likely to pose a long-term health hazard . Other towns have been put on notice that evacuations may be required soon , bringing the total number of people directly affected so far to about 146,000 , according to Japanese government estimates . But in Washington , the U.S. State Department on Friday lifted a departure recommendation for families of U.S. diplomats in Japan . While it still advises Americans to stay more than 50 kilometers from the plant , the latest notice calls the situation "  dramatically different " than in mid-March . "  Today , while the situation remains serious , and there is still a possibility of unanticipated developments , cooling efforts are ongoing and successful , power , water supply , and back-up services have been partially or fully restored , and planning has begun to control radioactive contamination and mitigate future dangers , " the travel alert states . Plant workers have been battling to cool the cores of reactors 1-3 at Fukushima Daiichi , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , for a month . The plant was swamped by the tsunami that followed March 11 's historic earthquake , knocking out normal coolant systems . All three cores are believed to have been damaged by overheating in the aftermath of the tsunami , but a Friday report by the Atomic Energy Society of Japan painted a fresh picture of the extent of the damage . The zirconium alloy sheaths that surround the fuel rods in the reactor core are believed to have ruptured in all three units , sending molten uranium fuel pellets tumbling to the bottom of the reactors . The pellets are since believed to have cooled and solidified at the reactor bases or in the framework of the fuel assembly , according to the report . The Atomic Energy Society is an association of nuclear engineers , scientists and professors . Its deputy director , Takashi Sawada , called the new account the clearest picture to date of conditions inside the damaged reactors . "  It 's our best effort to imagine what the core looks like , " he said . About 70 % of the fuel rods in the No. 1 reactor have been damaged , the report states . In reactor No. 2 , that figure is 30 % , and in No. 3 , 25 % . In addition , the pools that house used but still-energetic spent fuel assemblies are an ongoing concern , Sawada said . Hydrogen explosions blew apart the reactor buildings at units 1 and 2 , while the No. 4 reactor building has been damaged by fires of still-unknown origin -- leaving the pools exposed to the environment . "  If there 's water enough , there 's no problem , " he said . "  But if some of the fuel is damaged , fission products will come out from those pools . " At the plant on Friday , efforts continued to drain highly radioactive water from the basements and service tunnels of the reactor units ' turbine plants -- a necessary first step to restoring normal cooling systems . Japanese authorities drew the ire of fishermen and some of their country 's neighbors by authorizing the dumping of thousands of tons of less-contaminated water into the Pacific Ocean last week . The 10,000-plus ton discharge was billed as an emergency measure aimed at making room for the more dangerous fluid , some of which is believed to be leaking from the No. 2 reactor . More than 9,000 tons of that came from a waste treatment facility at the plant , which could hold up to 30,000 tons now that it 's empty , Tokyo Electric officials said . Crews have been laying fresh pipes to the treatment center and hope to start transferring water from unit 2 on Sunday , the company said . But its capacity could be only a fraction of the volume now sloshing around in the turbine building basements , and engineers are still pouring hundreds of tons of water into the reactors every day to keep them cool . Susan Olson and CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : A Japanese report paints a new picture of the state of the reactors NEW : The United States lifts a travel warning , citing improved conditions at the nuclear plant Tokyo Electric must pay 1 million yen to displaced households and 750,000 to individuals About 146,000 people have evacuated , are sheltering in place or have been warned to leave
CNN  -- As about 2 % of babies born in the United States do , Alex Resnick failed the routine newborn hearing screening he received before he left the hospital . At first his parents did n't think much of it , since the nurse told them further testing often shows the baby is fine . But six weeks later when those additional tests showed Alex had moderate to severe hearing loss , his mother 's heart sank . "  It was like somebody knocked the wind out of me , " Haleh Resnick remembers . Resnick and her husband , Jeff , immediately had Alex fitted for hearing aids , as recommended by his doctor , and that 's when she noticed something strange . Whenever her baby wore the hearing aids , he flinched at loud noises . Plus , he seemed to hear just fine when he was n't wearing the aids -- for example , Alex would turn around when his mother shook a rattle several feet behind his back .  Alex is n't his real name ; his parents want to protect his privacy "  He 's my fifth child , and I knew he could hear just fine , " Resnick says . "  When I said this to his doctors and audiologists , they told me I was in denial and I needed to learn to accept his diagnosis . " But it turned out Resnick was right . She drove Alex from their Cherry Hill , New Jersey , home to a specialist at Children 's Hospital in Boston , who diagnosed a condition called auditory neuropathy . The doctor said the hearing aids were n't helping him -- in fact , they were hurting him by over-amplifying sounds -- and she told the Resnicks to stop using them immediately . Pediatric hearing experts say too many doctors and audiologists are missing the diagnosis of auditory neuropathy , which has been recognized only relatively recently , and damaging children 's hearing by giving them hearing aids that blast babies ' ears with loud noise . "  Four to six times a week I get calls from parents with stories like this , " says Charles Berlin , a research professor in the department of communications sciences and disorders at the University of South Florida . "  There are cases where hearing aids have actually destroyed the hearing of children with auditory neuropathy . " Misdiagnoses happen too often Routine screening of newborns for hearing loss , which is required in most states , has helped thousands of babies each year by getting them hearing aids and other treatments early , giving them a better chance of developing speech . But many pediatric hearing experts worry the flip side to newborn screening is that children with auditory neuropathy , who make up a sizable minority of the 12,000 babies born each year with hearing loss , get swept into the much larger group of children with typical hearing loss . In auditory neuropathy , the sound enters the inner ear normally , but the transmission of those signals to the brain is impaired , according to the National Institutes of Health . For most children with auditory neuropathy , hearing aids can damage the ears by making sounds too loud , in much the same way sitting in a rock concert can hurt your ears , says Deborah Hayes , an audiologist and professor of physical medicine , rehabilitation and pediatrics at the University of Colorado School of Medicine . People with auditory neuropathy hear sounds , but they 're distorted . While the disease affects different people in different ways , this recording shows what some people with auditory neuropathy hear . Some children grow out of auditory neuropathy . For others it causes profound hearing loss . It 's not known exactly how many children have the disorder , but Berlin , the lead author of a study of 260 children with auditory neuropathy , believes it affects nearly 15 % of children with hearing loss . Like Berlin , Hayes says she sees many babies whose hearing loss is misdiagnosed and who are given hearing aids that can hurt them . "  I would like to say it does n't happen that often , but it does , " she says . A mother 's story Ironically , the parents who closely follow the doctor 's orders end up damaging their child 's hearing the most . "  If a very compliant parent puts the hearing aids on their baby every day , it can cause permanent damage within a week , " Hayes says . Resnick , however , was noncompliant , putting the hearing aids on for only an hour or so a day for three weeks , since they bothered her baby , and in her heart she felt he heard just fine without them . "  If he 'd been my first-born , I would have done exactly as the doctor said , but since he was my fifth , I went with my gut , " she said . She says when she told Alex 's doctors and audiologists he could hear sounds coming from behind him or around the corner , they said he was reacting to vibrations and instructed her to have him wear the hearing aids . She says they believed her only after Dr. Margaret Kenna , a professor of otology and laryngology at Harvard Medical School , diagnosed Alex 's condition as auditory neuropathy . Today , Alex is 3 , hears perfectly , and is bilingual , speaking English and Farsi , his mother 's native language . While he 's had speech therapy , other children with auditory neuropathy also benefit from cochlear implants and other treatments . Pediatric hearing experts say most children who are told to wear hearing aids do indeed need them , but here 's what to do if your child has hearing loss and you suspect he might have auditory neuropathy . 1 . Get educated about auditory neuropathy The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the Nemours Foundation , and the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders have general information about auditory neuropathy . 2 . Talk to other parents Learn from parents who 've been there . The Auditory Neuropathy Information website is run by a nurse whose son has auditory neuropathy , and includes stories from parents whose children have the disorder . Resnick wrote about her experience with Alex in her book "  Little Patient Big Doctor . " 3 . Trust your gut If , like Resnick , you feel your child can hear and does n't need hearing aids , tell your doctor and audiologist . If you feel they 're not listening to you , find someone who will . "  The parents usually know , especially someone who 's perceptive like  Alex 's  mom , " says Kenna , the doctor who diagnosed Resnick 's son 's condition . "  She was tuned into her baby , and you have to listen to that . " 4 . Find a doctor familiar with auditory neuropathy Even though auditory neuropathy was first named and fully described in 1996 , and a major conference was held to discuss the disorder in 2008 , many doctors and audiologists are still unaware of how to diagnose and treat it , pediatric hearing experts say . Testing for the disorder can be tricky , so Kenna recommends finding a pediatric hearing specialist who works at a university . "  You have to know how to give the tests correctly , and interpret the tests correctly , " she says . "  Once you realize something is not as rare as you thought , you actually begin to look for it . " CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Haleh Resnick found out that her son has been misdiagnosed with hearing loss He actually had auditory neuropathy and the hearing aids were n't helping him People with auditory neuropathy hear sounds , but they 're distorted
ROCKWOOD , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Four generations of Saylors have worked the family 's dairy farm for nearly a century , but for the past three years , the cows have been doing something besides providing milk : They 've been helping power the place . "  The farm used to get a lot of complaints , " says farmer Shawn Saylor . "  It used to stink a lot . " Growing up on the sprawling spread 90 minutes from Pittsburgh , 36-year-old farmer Shawn Saylor developed into a self-described science buff . So it was no surprise that , when faced with rising energy costs , Saylor turned to technology . He tapped into an abundant and easily accessible energy source : manure from about 600 cows . Watch how cow poo powers the farm " "  It 's a pretty simple process . There 's not really a lot to it , " Saylor said . "  Manure comes from the cows , and there 's energy left in the manure . " The process is known as anaerobic digestion , and here 's how it works : With the help of a mechanical scraper in the barn , manure drops into a 19,000-gallon tank . The slurry then moves into the digester , which is 16 feet deep and 70 feet in diameter . It 's heated there for about 16 days while the bacteria break down the organic matter in order to produce methane gas . That gas is burned in two engine generators to make electricity . See an interactive explaining the process " Heat created by the generators keeps the digester hot , heats the buildings around the farm and helps provide hot water . The electricity is used to power this farm and a dozen neighboring homes , Saylor said . And there 's still some left over , which he sells back to the grid . Overall , the poo power helps Saylor 's bottom line . "  In savings , there 's $ 200,000 a year , in either extra income from sale of electricity or cost offsets , " he said . "  So you 're talking about system project costs of over a million dollars to build the system but a payback of five years or less . " Before he installed the system , the pungent smell from the cows could linger for three to four days , Saylor said . "  The farm used to get a lot of complaints from motorists , which is understandable . It used to stink a lot . " Now , the digesters reduce 98 percent of all odor , although he admits that if the wind blows , you still "  get a whiff . " The farm 's leftover solid waste is sold to the community . "  We use it for bedding for the animals , " according to Saylor . "  A lot of people like to get it for their gardens ... because it does n't smell much . " Farm-based digesters became popular in the United States during the Arab oil embargo in the 1970s . But the technology did n't catch on , possibly because of the high operational costs and declining energy prices , according to the Department of Agriculture . Although Saylor had been interested in digesters for years , his dream did n't become reality until 2006 . That 's when he received a $ 600,000 grant from Pennsylvania 's Department of Environmental Protection . But Saylor 's work is n't done . He intends to make his farm entirely self-sufficient by using waste vegetable oil to make biodiesel fuel . He said his goal is to waste nothing . "  In a biodiesel system , all the waste products can either be used or fed back into the digester to make more gas , " he said . "  I 've always looked at new technologies and believed you kind of have to work with that stuff to stay with the future . "	Dairy farmer says he saves money by converting cow manure to electricity Remaining waste from 600 cows is used as fertilizer and mulch Anaerobic digestion became popular in United States in 1970s He says process also helps cut dairy farm 's odor
CNN  -- The last South Korean employees left Mount Kumgang resort in North Korea Tuesday morning as the struggle over the scenic mountain facility continued . Fourteen South Koreans and two Chinese workers left after 11 a.m. Tuesday , South Korea 's Unification Ministry said . The ministry said it had no idea when the workers might return . The move came a day after North Korea announced it would seize all assets in the area . The joint project at Mount Kumgang was started in 1998 to boost reconciliation between the two Koreas and to give North Korea a chance to earn money . But Seoul suspended South Korean tours to the facility after the 2008 shooting of a South Korean tourist by a North Korean soldier when the woman allegedly walked into an off-limits area . North Korea said Monday it would seize the South Korean properties that it said had been abandoned by Seoul and gave the remaining South Korean employees 72 hours to leave . South Korea has rejected the North 's threats . The Unification Ministry issued a statement saying , "  We can not accept North Korea 's unilateral announcement of freezing South Korean assets in Mount Kumgang . We demand the situation be restored immediately . " South Korea says it wants security assurances from the North before allowing South Koreans tour groups to return to the resort . North Korea wanted the tour groups resumed immediately . Pyongyang has periodically threatened to seize the resort unless the tours -- a key source of foreign currency for the impoverished regime -- were resumed . Recent talks failed between the two sides and Hyundai Asan , a private South Korean business that invested millions of dollars in the project .	Fourteen South Koreans and two Chinese workers leave Tuesday morning The departure comes a day after North Korea announced it would seize all assets in the area The resort was established to boost reconciliation between the Koreas
If you were n't lucky enough to win a seat at the table for dinner tonight with George Clooney and President Barack Obama , fear not . You may still have a chance to party with the president and a celebrity or two in the near future . Two lucky Obama supporters will join Clooney , the president and 150 other guests who ponied up an estimated $ 6 million to dine at the movie star 's Los Angeles home for a dinner Thursday . The raffle earned the campaign another $ 9 million , according to the campaign . And , following Obama 's historic announcement in support of same-sex marriage Wednesday , the haul from Hollywood may only increase . Live blog : What they are saying about Obama 's decision For the president , this celebrity support is becoming routine . A CNN analysis of Federal Elections Commission fundraising data shows dozens of A-listers lending their fame and fortune to both candidates , with Hollywood leaning heavily toward Obama . Celebrities have always played a role in presidential campaigns , but experts say they have never seen this kind of involvement on this scale . Those who list TV/movies/music as their profession in donation records are one of the largest groups raising money for Obama this election . Dinner with Clooney , Obama nets $ 15 million According to Opensecrets.org , as of April celebrity bundlers have already contributed some $ 6,950,000 to Obama 's campaign . That 's before Thursday 's Clooney event , which is being billed as the largest single-event fundraising opportunity for an individual presidential campaign . A campaign insider told CNN it could bring in some $ 15 million . While Obama 's donor list does include longtime Democratic contributors like Steven Spielberg , Kris Kristofferson and actor Danny DeVito , the list is also studded with celebrity names that are new to politics . Stars like Jamie Foxx , John Legend , Jada Pinkett Smith , Jane Lynch , and Hilary Duff are on the individual donor list . They 've already contributed $ 2,500 , the maximum amount an individual can legally give to a candidate directly . Interactive : Who is donating ? As far as donors to Mitt Romney 's campaign , you 've got to look long and hard at his FEC records to find a recognizable name like producer Jerry Bruckheimer or the WWE 's Vincent McMahon . Both have given $ 2,500 to his campaign . Other celebrities -- like rockers Gene Simmons from Kiss and Kid Rock -- say they support Romney and have appeared at his rallies , but have yet to turn up on the donor list . "  As we get closer to the convention that could change , " said Kirsten Kukowski , the Republican National Committee press secretary . She adds she does n't think Romney needs celebrities like the president does . "  We have the message -- we do n't need big names to sell it and distract people from what we should really be talking about , which is jobs and how to fix the economy . " George Clooney is not the first celebrity to hold a glitzy fundraiser this season . In March , filmmaker Tyler Perry became a campaign bundler for Obama 's re-election when he held a couple of large fundraisers at his studio in Atlanta . About 1,000 people bought tickets for $ 500 to $ 2,500 a pop to attend the president 's speech . Forty of those guests , including Oprah Winfrey , paid $ 35,000 per person to attend an exclusive dinner with the president at Perry 's private estate , with proceeds going to the Obama Victory Fund . The fundraiser made Perry one of the president 's biggest bundlers -- those who organize and gather donations from others -- in the $ 500,000 + category . Desperate Housewives star Eva Longoria , who the campaign named as an official national co-chair , became a bundler for Obama in October . She co-hosted a fundraiser for the president at the Los Angeles home of Antonio Banderas and Melanie Griffith . Asked why she is so active , Longoria said , "  I support President Obama because he is on the right side of issues that matter to Latinos and women . " Having Longoria stumping on the campaign trail reaches a part of the population that might not already be paying attention to the campaign , according to historian Steve Ross . "  If you have Eva Longoria doing community events , you may get bigger Hispanic support because they may feel some kind of kinship with her , " said Ross , who wrote the book "  Hollywood Left and Right : How Movie Stars Shaped American Politics . " "  It 's not just about the money with George Clooney or any other big named celebrity fundraiser , " he said . "  It 's also about the coverage that fundraiser generates outside the usual mainstream news . This way , you show up on the entertainment programs and create buzz in social media . It 's about trying to reach the 50 % who do n't vote . An endorsement from ` celebrity x ' may make you pay more attention to the campaign , and once you take a closer look you may go out and vote for them . " Plus , Ross says , Hollywood is a geographically desirable area to raise money . "  It 's the easiest place for a candidate to come to a concentrated industry , " Ross said . "  To generate support from the financial services industry , Romney needs to travel to New York and to Silicon Valley . To reach the movie industry , it 's all pretty closely based around L.A. It 's one-stop shopping , in a sense . " Kukowski says involving celebrities in Obama 's campaign the last time did work , but she believes with the bad economy , voters are in a much different place . "  We no longer want a celebrity for president or someone who pals around with Hollywood stars . We want someone who will keep their nose to the grindstone , who will create jobs , rather than spend all this time trying to be BFF 's with George Clooney . " What ultimately do celebrities like Clooney get by becoming a part of a campaign ? When asked why Clooney is such a big supporter , his publicist Stan Rosenfeld in an e-mail said , "  We will not be issuing any statements or comments about the event . " Historian Steve Ross speculates it 's about access . "  Someone in the White House will definitely take your call if you are a supporter , " Ross said . Actors like George Clooney , who has campaigned for humane intervention in Sudan , do get meetings with the White House . "  It does n't buy you the president , but it definitely buys you an opportunity to have your voice heard . "	A CNN analysis shows celebs have donated nearly $ 7 million to Obama so far Romney has n't attracted as many A-listers from Hollywood George Clooney hosting major fundraiser for Obama Thursday night
Washington  CNN  -- Before anyone ever heard of the Tea Party movement , there was a grass-roots conservative group from out West that shook up the political status quo . It happened in Canada more than 20 years ago , and the rebel Reform Party 's rapid rise and eventual amalgamation into the political mainstream might offer some perspective on what is happening today on the U.S. political right . In particular , the Reform Party 's rise split the so-called conservative vote in Canada , helping the Liberal Party win three straight elections to stay in power for 13 years . Only when Canada 's conservatives came together under one banner , as the Conservative Party of Canada , did they wield the coast-to-coast clout to win enough seats in Parliament to take over the prime minister 's office . "  It 's hard to reconcile them all , " Reform Party founder Preston Manning told CNN in a telephone interview . "  The argument we used is that you all need each other . You do agree on a whole bunch of other things . " Canada 's parliamentary system differs from the U.S. system , with the party that holds the most seats in the House of Commons forming the government . Political labels such as conservative and liberal do n't always mean exactly the same thing in the two countries . Still , a look at the Reform Party 's history and influence on the Canadian political system reveals some parallels with the relatively new Tea Party movement south of the border . In the United States , the Tea Party movement has shaken up politics-as-usual with its anti-Washington sentiment that helped topple some Republican incumbents in primaries for the November congressional midterm election . The latest could be Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski , who trailed her Tea Party-backed but little-known opponent , Joe Miller , in the Republican primary held Tuesday . Miller led by a hairsbreadth when polls closed , but there are thousands of absentee ballots left to be counted , and the race might not be decided until next week . The success of far-right candidates such as Miller , Rand Paul in Kentucky and Sharron Angle in Nevada fostered hopes in the self-described grass-roots uprising that it could win power with its small-government , anti-deficit ideology . "  I 'm very proud of my association with the Tea Party , " said Marco Rubio , a former Florida state representative who won Tuesday 's Republican Senate primary vote . "  But people misunderstand what the Tea Party movement is in America . It is not a centralized organization or a political party . It 's the sentiment of everyday Americans who think that Washington has it wrong -- they 're taking our country in the wrong direction . And they are looking for voices in American politics that will stand up to that and offer a clear alternative . " However , an inherent social conservatism in the Tea Party movement has exposed rifts with more moderate Republicans , much to the delight of Democrats . A main Tea Party spokesman , Mark Williams , was ousted last month after a controversial blog post about the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , Abraham Lincoln , and the emancipation of the slaves . He resigned , but defended his remarks as satire . Tea Party protesters outside the U.S. Capitol were accused of using racist and anti-gay epithets against African-American and gay Democrats in March , and spitting on an African-American congressman . Republican House leaders criticized the alleged incident but said it was an isolated case , and Andrew Langer , one of the organizers of the protest over health care reform , said his "  Institute for Liberty roundly condemns the isolated incidents of intolerance that occurred . ... As a core value , the Tea Party movement believes in the precept upon which our independence was declared and this nation was founded : that all men are created equal . " In Nevada , Angle 's candidacy revived what was thought to be a deeply troubled re-election bid by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . Now Reid and Angle are in a tight race , due in part to concerns over some of Angle 's policies and comments , such as a call to do away with the federal Department of Education . Even while Alaskans waited for a final result in the state 's Senate Republican primary , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee derided Miller as "  an extremist who intends to transition-out Social Security , phase-out Medicare , and end unemployment benefits for all Alaskan families . " In Canada , Manning 's Reform Party faced similar challenges in the 1990s as he tried to unite it with the Progressive Conservative Party , the traditional home of fiscal conservatives . Led by Manning , a politician 's son known as a shrewd pragmatist , the Canadian reformers emerged from the Western provinces in the 1980s as a protest movement against the federal government back east in Ottawa , Ontario . In particular , they were angry at what they perceived as Ottawa 's reliance on oil revenues from Alberta , a Western province , to appease Quebecers threatening a separatist movement in the nation 's only francophone province . Manning built on the Western anger , attracting support by calling for stronger provincial powers and a smaller federal government and emphasizing the needs of rural communities . The Reform Party formed in 1987 and used the strength of its Western roots to win more seats than the Progressive Conservatives when the Liberal Party came to power in 1993 . However , Manning 's efforts to expand the party 's support were stymied by a diversity of interests and agendas within its base that ranged from political moderation to extremist vitriol . In particular , issues such as gay rights and immigration caused public rifts among Reform Party members of Parliament . In one of the most memorable , two Reform lawmakers were suspended for disparaging comments about homosexuals and immigrants , and two others who criticized them for the comments ended up quitting the party over the dispute . James Harold Farney argued in his 2009 doctoral thesis at the University of Toronto that the rise of the Reform Party gave Canadian social conservatives their first political home . "  It was only when the Reform Party upset both the institutions and ideology of Canadian conservatism that social conservatives began to gain prominence in Canadian politics , " Farney wrote . In the 1997 election , the Reform Party finished second overall to become the official opposition party in Parliament , but failed to grow beyond its Western roots . Manning realized it would never win control of Parliament , and therefore the prime minister 's office , without gaining support in Eastern provinces , particularly populous Ontario . He launched an ambitious campaign to merge with the Progressive Conservatives , in a process that took years and left him on the sidelines when it finally occurred . The effort led to creation of the Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance in 2000 , with Manning defeated by Alberta provincial official Stockwell Day for the group 's leadership . Day 's fundamentalist Christian beliefs and lack of national political experience proved costly , and the Alliance -- caught off guard by a snap election called by the Liberals -- gained only six more seats in the next national election . Only when a formal merger of the Progressive Conservatives and the Canadian Alliance occurred -- creating the Conservative Party of Canada -- did it achieve Manning 's goal of gaining significant support in the East . The new Conservative Party forced the Liberals to form a minority government in 2004 , and then defeated the Liberals to form its own minority government in 2006 . Stephen Harper , a one-time Reform legislator who left the party in 1997 , became prime minister . Looking back , Manning said he stressed democratic principles within the Reform Party to try to achieve unity among its divided supporters . That meant getting fiscal conservatives , social conservatives and what he called democratic conservatives -- dedicated to grassroots democracy -- to accept a single platform . "  I argued they were not philosophically incompatible , " Manning said . At caucus meetings and other party gatherings , he stressed open debate to ensure everyone had a voice . "  Whatever your position is , you can get up and say it , " Manning explained . "  When everyone has a say , you vote , " and the result stands . The idea was to use the democratic process "  to get people to disagree civilly , " he said . "  If we ca n't apply democracy to reconcile these differences within the party , " he used to argue , "  then why should the public believe we can do this on a larger scale ? " Could a similar process occur in the United States , driven by the Tea Party movement ? Manning sounded skeptical . "  These people are trying to build a coalition in a political culture that tends to favor polarization , " he said . "  That does make it difficult , because people want to go to their corners rather than come together in the center of the ring . "	Western protest movement in Canada grew into a political party Efforts to merge with Eastern conservative party proved difficult Reform Party founder doubts the Tea Party can unite the U.S. political right
New York  CNN  -- A Manhattan grand jury has indicted Conrado Juarez , who was arrested earlier this month in connection with the 1991 murder of 4-year-old Anjelica Castillo , known for decades only as "  Baby Hope . " Juarez , 52 , did not appear in court for the procedural hearing on Tuesday at his attorney 's request . "  He 's holding up . He is resolute about seeing this through , " Michael Croce said of his client . On October 12 , New York police announced Juarez 's arrest , saying he confessed to the slaying during interrogation . According to New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , Juarez , who was 30 at the time of the crime , said he went to an apartment in Queens shared by seven of his relatives and saw Anjelica in the hallway . Juarez told police he smothered her with a pillow while raping her . Outside the court on Tuesday , Juarez 's attorney cast doubt on the confession , which he said took place after 12 to 14 hours of questioning . "  I do n't trust any statements that were made by any individual after being in custody for such an extended period of time , " Croce said . "  I would expect that we will find out that statement was not videotaped or recorded , and that is by design . " In 1991 , construction workers found the body of Anjelica , who had not been reported missing , bound and in a garbage bag , hidden under some soda cans inside a blue and white cooler . She had been smothered and sexually molested , and her body was so decomposed that several sketches were made to suggest what she looked like . The young victim became an emotional symbol for the NYPD . Two years after she was found , the girl was laid to rest in a donated plot , buried in a white dress bought by a detective 's wife , with a tombstone paid for by detectives . "  Because we care " was the inscription at the bottom of the tombstone . Each year , on the anniversary of the July 23 , 1991 , discovery of her body , police would canvass nearby neighborhoods , handing out fliers and asking people for information . It was an anonymous tip called in after the latest canvass in July that helped crack the case , Kelly said . The tip led detectives to Anjelica 's sister , now an adult ; from there , they identified the woman believed to be the girl 's mother . Changes in forensic science also helped propel the investigation , Kelly said . The girl 's body was exhumed in 2006 , and a DNA profile was built in 2011 . Earlier this month the office of the chief medical examiner made a DNA match between the girl and her mother . From there , investigators constructed a family tree , and the trail led them to Juarez , Kelly said . On Tuesday , Juarez 's attorney said he had not seen any of the evidence against his client . "  I would be interested in seeing that physical evidence , " Croce said . He also suggested that it was inappropriate for a New York Times journalist to have interviewed Juarez in prison at Rikers Island . In the interview published last week , Juarez reportedly denied killing Anjelica , saying he was forced by detectives to make a false confession . Jaurez is expected to appear in court on November 21 . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report	4-year-old Anjelica Castillo was found dead in a trash bag in 1991 For years she was unknown and referred to as "  Baby Hope " Police say Conrado Juarez confessed to the killing during interrogation
CNN  -- As the United States prepares to build its first new nuclear power reactors in three decades , concerns about an early generation of plants have resurfaced since last year 's disaster in Japan . The Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant -- the subject of a battle between state authorities and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission over its continued operation -- uses one of 23 U.S. reactors built with a General Electric-designed containment housing known as the Mark I. It 's the same design that was used at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , where three reactors melted down after the station was struck by the tsunami that followed Japan 's historic earthquake in March 2011 . The disaster resulted in the widespread release of radioactive contamination that forced more than 100,000 people from their homes . GE says the Mark I design has operated safely for more than 40 years and has been modified periodically to meet changing regulations . No nuclear plant could have avoided a meltdown after being swamped by a tsunami and losing power to cooling systems for an extended period of time , the company says -- and at least one expert CNN spoke to agrees . But concerns about the Mark I 's ability to contain the consequences of a severe accident have been raised for decades , and critics say the Fukushima Daiichi accident shows it ca n't survive a real-world disaster . The structure was designed so steam that builds up in an overheating reactor can be diverted into a doughnut-shaped water tank known as the suppression pool , or torus , where it condenses back to water to reduce pressure inside the reactor containment building . That allows utilities to build a much smaller containment structure -- as little as one-sixth the size of those used at some U.S. plants . Stephen Hanauer , a former top safety official at what was then the Atomic Energy Commission , warned in 1971 that in an accident in which the core slowly loses coolant and overheats , the Mark I containment "  would overpressurize . That could lose the torus water source , hence ECCS -LSB- emergency core cooling system -RSB- as well as leak out fission products . " Read the 1971 Atomic Energy Commission document  PDF In 1978 , the NRC , which replaced the AEC , decided that the design was safe . Hanauer agreed with that decision , which GE and plant operators have pointed out . But the following year , there was a partial meltdown at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania . Three Mile Island used an entirely different design , but the NRC began an extensive safety review after the accident that resulted in several changes to the Mark I . One of those was a 1989 push for utilities to install a vent system that would release steam from the containment during an emergency . But as critics point out , that also raises the odds that radioactive material will escape the containment -- even with a "  hardened " vent , one that tries to filter out the reactor byproducts . Read the 1989 NRC recommendation for U.S. nuclear plants to install vents  PDF "  A hardened vent is just a way of saying we 're going to uncontain the containment , " said Ken Bergeron , a former physicist at the Sandia National Laboratory in New Mexico , who took part in the NRC review . "  The question comes up now -- and this is a really important question -- can the Mark I containment be made better ? " Arnie Gundersen , a former nuclear engineer and a leading critic of the Vermont Yankee plant , says the Japanese accident shows the Mark I containment system ca n't prevent a release of radioactivity in a meltdown . Watch an excerpt from CNN 's Special Investigations Unit report on Vermont Yankee In an October hearing before the NRC 's Petition Review Board , he said the vents were a "  Band-Aid fix " for the design that failed "  not once , not twice , but three times " at Fukushima Daiichi . "  True wisdom means knowing when to modify something and knowing when to stop , " said Gundersen , who leads a state commission set up to monitor the Vermont Yankee plant . Half of U.S. reactors are more than 30 years old The NRC has rejected a petition by anti-nuclear groups to immediately shut down all reactors using the GE Mark I containment . But it said it would examine several of the issues the petitioners raised as part of its review of the Japanese disaster . Bergeron called the Mark I containment the smallest and weakest of those used in American plants . But he said the NRC "  punted " in the face of industry resistance by calling only for utilities to install vents . As for GE , he said , "  They got the rule book from the federal government , and they said ` This is all you have to design it for . ' The real question is : What should have been done after 1979 , when you found out the rule book was flawed ? " GE says it has made several changes to the Mark I design since 1980 aimed at improving safety in the event of an accident . The manufacturer , which has a partnership with Japanese industrial giant Hitachi , stands by its product and says the tsunami that struck Fukushima Daiichi would have devastated any plant . "  There is no nuclear plant operating today that would have performed differently , " GE-Hitachi Nuclear Energy spokesman Michael Tetuan told CNN . Bergeron agrees that no power station could have survived the long-term loss of power that occurred at the Japanese plant without a meltdown . But he noted that at Three Mile Island , the worst U.S. accident to date , there were "  essentially zero emissions " from its much larger containment structure . "  From the point of view of public safety , that 's a home run , " he said . Tetuan said the nuclear industry is still studying what happened in Japan , "  and there will undoubtedly be lessons learned that will need to be implemented across the industry and across all types of nuclear plants , including the Mark I. " But he added , "  The GE Mark I containment structure design is a proven , reliable technology . It fulfills all regulatory requirements in one of the most highly regulated industries in the world . " Commission : U.S. nukes are safe , but ... Japan will need decades to clean up after Fukushima Daiichi , the world 's worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986 . About 110,000 people are still displaced from homes , a Japanese government commission reported in December . A 20-kilometer  12-mile  radius around the plant remains off-limits . Workers have peered only briefly into the damaged reactor buildings , and experts say a full damage report may take years . "  We need still a little bit more time to find out what really happened , " said John Lee , a nuclear engineering professor at the University of Michigan . "  It took three years at Three Mile Island to be able to open up the pressure vessel , " Lee said . "  So we 're not quite there yet . " 2011 nuclear power report : No changes needed Michigan nuclear plant cited for safety violations The U.S. nuclear industry has n't built a new reactor since Three Mile Island . But on February 9 , the NRC approved two new reactors at the Vogtle nuclear plant in Georgia . The reactors are of a different design than the GE plants at Fukushima Daiichi and in the United States . CNN 's Todd Schwarzschild and Curt Merrill contributed to this report .	U.S. OKs new nuclear reactors a year after Japan disaster 23 GE Mark I reactors in U.S. share same design as Fukushima Daiichi plant Many are aging , but have undergone safety improvements GE says design is proven , reliable technology that is safe to use
Washington  CNN  -- Transportation Security Administration officials are investigating an incident this week in which a traveler apparently unintentionally picked up the wrong bag and boarded an airplane -- not knowing the bag had a gun belonging to an armed pilot . Thursday morning 's incident at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport resulted in the delay of two flights , the hourlong closure of an airport checkpoint and an ongoing TSA investigation , officials said . The gun belonged to a JetBlue Airways pilot who was authorized to carry it under the TSA 's Federal Flight Deck Officer program , which trains airline pilots in the use of handguns and authorizes them to use them in jet cockpits to deter hijackers . The firearm "  was properly secured in a fashion that rendered it incapable of being discharged , " TSA spokesman Nick Kimball said . Persons familiar with the investigation said a woman apparently picked up the bag at the airport gate and boarded a flight to Fort Lauderdale , Florida , while the pilot who owned the bag was getting on his flight to Pittsburgh . Before her plane departed , the woman realized she had the wrong bag and gave it to the plane 's flight crew , who looked inside and saw the pilot 's identification . While the exact circumstances are unclear , a source said , the bag was returned to JetBlue , and it was found to contain the pilot 's firearm . At that point , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey police were contacted , the source said . A JetBlue spokeswoman Jenny Dervin said two flights were delayed about an hour because of the mix-up and that another pilot was assigned to fly the plane to Pittsburgh to avoid further delay . The TSA said Friday the pilot "  has been relieved of his firearm " pending the investigation . Pilots who join the TSA program do so voluntarily , and are not compensated by the government for their security services . In 2008 , a US Airways pilot was fired after accidentally discharging his handgun in the cockpit while a plane was flying at 8,000 feet on approach to Charlotte , North Carolina . The bullet penetrated the fuselage but did not damage any crucial instruments or wiring . The incident apparently occurred while the pilot was attempting to secure the gun during the fight 's landing phase , which was in violation of TSA rules . CNN producer Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	Woman picks up wrong bag with gun belonging to pilot , officials say Gun belonged to a JetBlue Airways pilot authorized to carry it under TSA program Two flights delayed about an hour due to the mix-up , airline says TSA says the pilot "  has been relieved of his firearm " pending an investigation
CNN  -- A man 's body was found Saturday afternoon inside the landing-gear wheel well of a plane that had landed at a suburban Washington airport , authorities said . Ground crew assigned to the aircraft -- an Airbus A340 operated by South African Airways -- discovered the body around 1:30 p.m. in a remote parking area of Dulles International Airport , the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority said in a statement . Airport police , fire and other personnel went to the scene , joined by FBI agents and U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers . The location of the flight 's origin was not immediately known . The Fairfax County , Virginia , medical examiner 's office will handle the case , according to the airports authority , which said that "  an active investigation is ongoing . " The discovery did not affect any operations on runways or in terminals at Dulles , which is one of the nation 's busiest airports and is located about 25 miles west of Washington , D.C. Cover-up ? A mysterious death in Texas In 2010 , a 16-year-old boy stowed away on a US Airways flight bound for Boston from Charlotte , North Carolina . Delvonte Tisdale 's body was later discovered along a flight path in Massachusetts . He was believed to have fallen out of the wheel well while the plane was preparing to land at Boston Logan International Airport . Report on stowaway finds Charlotte airport security lapses	Crew finds a man 's body on South African Airways aircraft The Airbus A340 was parked in a remote area of Dulles The find did n't affect flight operations
CNN  -- Now that many airlines ca n't fly over eastern Ukraine due to safety concerns , a Malaysia Airlines flight chose a different route -- over war-torn Syria . The decision to divert a plane from a dangerous route to an equally risky route was a head-scratcher for many . Three days after MH17 was shot down over rebel-held eastern Ukraine , another Malaysia Airlines flight -- MH4 from Kuala Lumpur to London -- flew over Syria on Sunday , said FlightRadar24 , which tracks air traffic around the world . According to FlightRadar24 , the plane passed near Homs , which has been a rebel stronghold and a focal point for attacks in the Syrian civil war . The decision earned the airline some ridicule on social media , but Malaysia Airlines defended the MH4 flight path over Syria . "  MH004 's flight plan is in accordance to International Civil Aviation Organisation 's  ICAO  approved routes , " the company said in a statement . "  The Syrian airspace was not subject to restrictions . At all times , MH004 was in airspace approved by ICAO . " The company said the "  safety of its passengers and crew is of utmost priority . " In addition to the tumult surrounding the MH17 tragedy , Malaysia Airlines is also grappling with the disappearance MH 370 , which was carrying 239 people when it fell off the radar on March 8 . Should jet have flown over Ukraine ?	MH4 was headed from Kuala Lumpur to London It passed over Syria on Sunday , an air traffic tracking company said Malaysia Airlines defended the path , saying it was internationally approved airspace
CNN  -- A New Hampshire jury on Thursday convicted a Rwandan woman of lying about her role in a 1994 genocide in her home country to acquire U.S. citizenship . Beatrice Munyenyezi , 43 , had her citizenship revoked and will face sentencing in June for two counts of lying on U.S. government applications , authorities said . She faces up to 10 years behind bars , a $ 250,000 fine on each count and possible deportation , according to the Justice Department . Munyenyezi , who was not on trial for war crimes , was found guilty of intentionally lying on a refugee questionnaire and naturalization documents about her role in the infamous slaughter in which ethnic Hutu militants butchered their Tutsi counterparts over a three-month period . Read more : Rwanda closes tribunals overseeing genocide prosecutions Prosecutors argued that Munyenyezi , a Hutu , was a member of an extremist group associated with a paramilitary organization that set up roadblocks and targeted fleeing Tutsis and their sympathizers . "  Testimony during the 12-day trial revealed that Munyenyezi concealed her involvement in the National Republican Movement for Democracy and Development , the political party in power before and during the Rwandan genocide , " according to an Immigration and Customs Enforcement press release provided by Ross Feinstein , a spokesman for the agency . "  Munyenyezi misrepresented this fact in order to obtain immigration and naturalization benefits . " Read more : Former Rwandan minister sentenced One of the roadblocks was set up outside the Ihuriro Hotel , an establishment owned by her husband 's family , according to the indictment . The mother of three is thought to be married to former militia leader Arsene Shalom Ntahobali , who was convicted of war crimes and sentenced to life in prison last year . She is thought to have lived in the hotel and helped pick out those who arrived at a nearby checkpoint to be executed or raped . Her attorney , David Ruoff , said they would appeal the decision . Read more : Film pioneer helps Rwanda build new identity	Beatrice Munyenyezi , 43 , was convicted of lying on her naturalization documents Her U.S. citizenship is revoked and she will face sentencing in June She was not on trial for war crimes in the Rwandan genocide of 1994
CNN  -- You may have heard it before : billions of years ago Mars probably looked more like Earth does now , with clouds and oceans and a much thicker atmosphere . It may even have had some type of microbes . But now it 's a barren , frozen desert . So what happened ? Where did the air and water go ? NASA is launching a new spacecraft to try to find out . It 's called MAVEN , which stands for Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution . It 's the first mission dedicated to studying the red planet 's upper atmosphere . "  We expect to learn how the modern Mars works , really in detail . To see its climate state , to understand how the atmosphere is lost to space -- how Mars may have lost a magnetic field -- to take that information and map it back in time , " said NASA 's James Garvin . The earliest liftoff time for MAVEN is Monday , November 18 , at 1:28 p.m. ET from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . A United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket will launch the probe into space on a 10-month trip to Mars . It 's scheduled to arrive September 22 , 2014 . The solar-powered probe is about the length of school bus -- 37.5 feet  11.43 meters  long -- and will weigh about 5,410 pounds  2,454 kg  at launch . What killed Mars ? New spacecraft will find out "  MAVEN will fill in a very big gap in our understanding of the planet by exploring the upper atmosphere and its influence on the Martian environment , " principal investigator Bruce Jakosky , from the University of Colorado , says on his NASA webpage . He says he 's "  excited that we 're providing one step along the path of answering questions about whether life ever existed on Mars . " Jakosky 's team will use the spacecraft 's three instrument suites to try to meet three key objectives :  $ cents Determine the composition of upper Martian atmosphere  $ cents Determine how fast Mars is losing what 's left of its atmosphere  $ cents Determine the history of the atmosphere MAVEN wo n't make a cool , daring landing like the Mars Curiosity Rover , which has been roaming Mars for more than a year now . Instead , it will orbit between a low of about 93 miles  150 kilometers  above the surface to a high of about 3,728 miles  6,000 kilometers  . It also will make five dives , flying as low as 77 miles  125 kilometers  in altitude . NASA says the mission will cost $ 671 million . Interactive : Mars exploration from Viking to MAVEN	NASA to launch new Mars mission MAVEN spacecraft to study Martian atmosphere It 's scheduled to arrive on Mars on September 22 , 2014
Beijing  CNN  -- Thirty-two of the world 's best football teams are now competing for the iconic golden World Cup trophy -- but the planet 's most populous nation is not among them . Team China failed to qualify for the "  beautiful game 's " showpiece event in Brazil . In fact China 's World Cup dream turned into a nightmare as early as 2011 , when it was eliminated in a regional qualifying round . But for all the interest in football in this country of more than one billion people , it is a huge source of frustration that they ca n't field a competitive national team . "  China 's weakness in football is a pain point and there is certainly an ambition to improve , " said Scott Kronick , President of Ogilvy Public Relations Asia Pacific . Indeed , a multitude of Chinese -- from the state president , to a Peking University student , to a Beijing taxi driver -- share one Chinese dream : that Team China will one day win in the World Cup finals . Finals flop China reached the finals only once back in 2002 . I remember that heady year . There was a heroes ' welcome for the national team , many of whom became icons with fat commercial endorsements . There was deleterious display of national pride accompanied by soaring expectations for Team China . But their debut turned out to be an embarrassing dud : they were knocked out after the group stage without scoring a single goal . Still , these setbacks have not deflated the football fever here . "  There is a huge following for international football in China because local fans celebrate global talent , " said Kronick , a long-time Beijing resident who plays football in a local amateur league . "  The World Cup is about ` nationalism ' at its finest , absent politics , and that 's what makes it enjoyable . " Global game Chinese football fans have been enjoying the action in Brazil despite matches taking place after midnight , Beijing time . By hook or by crook , local fans are finding ways to stay up late for the games . Some took paid leave , others found excuses to stay home , such as getting doctors to sign sick-leave certificates . A man asked to take the day off ostensibly to attend a teacher-parent conference . Some managers say work place productivity has dropped lately . A few companies have simply conceded defeat , agreeing to a staggered work schedule to allow for some employees to stay in late , and come in late . "  The World Cup matches are played in the wee hours , " said Wang Chen , a venture-capital manager . "  If the staff ca n't get good sleep , work will be affected , so I pushed back working hours , hoping to arouse their work enthusiasm and efficiency . " "  The World Cup is the biggest sporting event on the planet , so regardless of where you are in the world , you ca n't escape the excitement and passion surrounding the event , and China is no exception , " said Misha Sher , director at MediaCom Sport , who manages partnerships for football icon , Pele , on behalf of his own management , Legends10 . Sher credits football 's popularity here to an increasingly popular Chinese professional league , and to the extensive media exposure of top-level players and games through TV and digital channels like CCTV and Tencent . "  They bring the game into the homes of hundreds of millions of fans , who are now engaged around the World Cup , " he said . Cash kicks Enthusiasm for the game brings commercial windfalls . The World Cup advertising revenue for Leshi , one of China 's largest video websites is estimated to reach RMB100 million yuan  $ 16 million  , said its top executive Qiang Wei . This summer alone CCTV , the state television network , could rake in as much as RMB1 .5 billion yuan  $ 240 million  in advertising revenue -- 50 % more than their earnings from the 2010 World Cup . "  Given the interest generated by the World Cup , many companies are tapping into the passion and emotion created by the competition to connect with consumers , " said Sher , who recently accompanied Pele to Beijing . Coca Cola has used its sponsorship with a World Cup Trophy Tour , where they took the trophy to over 90 countries and held consumer events . McDonald 's ran point of sale promotions , which offered World Cup tickets to winners . Other brands created various content , featuring international and national team players to connect the brand to the event . The competition for advertising and commerce is not limited to sports brands . On the eve of the World Cup , an electric bike manufacturer in southern China brought Pele to Beijing to hitch on the World Cup bandwagon . "  They knew local residents are crazy about football and a legend like Pele endorsing their brand make them more endearing , " explained Kronick . Since the month-long competition opened in Brazil , legions of Chinese sports fans have been gathering for viewing parties in their living rooms , in factory and school dormitories , and in restaurants and bars , many of which have opened late for the fans to watch matches live on Chinese television . Of course , not all of these sleep-deprived folks are bona fide football fans . A posting on Baidu , China 's largest search engine , noted that the Chinese have recently coined the word "  wei qiumi , " or "  fake soccer fans , " referring to people who watch the game only once in a while , who care more about the final scores rather than enjoying the actual games , and who think celebrity players play a more important role in matches than the coaches .	China 's national team has reached the World Cup finals only once , back in 2002 Chinese football fans are still crazy about the World Cup , doing everything they can to watch overnight games The World Cup audience generates huge revenue for companies in China
Washington  CNN  -- In the most extensive reshaping of the Obama administration 's national security team to date , the president will name Central Intelligence Agency Director Leon Panetta as his nominee to succeed Robert Gates as defense secretary , top U.S. officials said Wednesday . Gen. David Petraeus will be nominated to take over as CIA director , and Lt. Gen. John Allen will succeed Petraeus as head of the U.S-led international military force in Afghanistan , a senior administration official told reporters . In addition , longtime diplomat Ryan Crocker will be nominated as the next U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , the official said . President Barack Obama will formally announce the changes on Thursday , according to the senior administration official . It is the biggest reshaping of Obama 's national security team since he took office in January 2009 and reflects a longstanding plan by Gates to step aside this year . More changes also are coming . Both Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and FBI Director Robert Mueller are not eligible for renomination for terms that expire this year . Gates will resign effective June 30 , assuming Panetta gets confirmed by Congress in time and is ready to start on July 1 , according to an administration official and a congressional aide familiar with phone calls Gates was making to legislators and senior staff members . Petraeus will remain in command in Afghanistan until Allen is ready to take over at the beginning of September , officials said , which could require an interim CIA director if Panetta moves to the defense secretary 's office as planned on July 1 . In addition , Petraeus will resign from the military once confirmed so that he serves as a civilian CIA director , officials said . Initial reaction from Congress was positive , with key legislators on intelligence and security issues praising both Panetta and Petraeus as good choices . "  The sum total of these picks is that the president has chosen experienced people with unique capabilities to serve our nation at a dangerous time , " said Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina . "  This team will provide the leadership to help make our nation safer . I could not be more pleased with these selections . I hope these nominees receive swift approval by the United States Senate . " Gates was telling legislators and staff members that he recommended Panetta for his job six months ago , and joked that Panetta stopped speaking to him for days for doing so , the officials said . In addition , Gates was saying that Allen was a consensus choice to succeed Petraeus , according to the officials . It took a meeting with Obama to convince Panetta to accept the job , a source familiar with the discussions told CNN . Panetta has been happy serving at the CIA , but "  believes strongly in public service and answering the call from the commander-in-chief , " the source said . Panetta , 72 , took over at the CIA in February 2009 . He served as chief of staff to President Bill Clinton between 1994 and 1997 , and was previously the director of the Office of Management and Budget  OMB  . The California Democrat served in the House of Representatives from 1977 to 1993 . Before coming to the CIA , he spent 10 years co-directing a public policy institute with his wife , Sylvia . He was brought in as a relative outsider , without hands-on intelligence experience , to manage an agency that had been shaken by the exposure and criticism of its controversial interrogation and detention program . Panetta 's longstanding ties to Congress were seen as a way to restore the administration 's relationship with oversight committees . He has been given high marks on both fronts from inside the agency and in Congress . David Berteau , a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said Panetta brings several important qualities to the table . He "  learned a lot of lessons " about defense budgeting during his stint as the head of the OMB , and knows how to deal with a Republican Congress , as he did during the Clinton administration , Berteau said . Panetta 's former congressional district in northern California had a huge defense presence , Berteau said . Panetta has earned the trust and confidence of Obama as leader of the CIA , and has name recognition , which is important , Berteau said , adding : "  It 's a name Americans recognize . Filling Bob Gates ' shoes is really going to be a tough job . " Berteau said the president 's choice of Petraeus to lead the CIA indicates that Obama is interested in his national security views and efforts and it "  indicates that the president cares about the way all those pieces fit together . " Earlier this month , Petraeus took a highly unusual step for a military officer when he publicly acknowledged the possibility of being in contention for a presidential appointment . "  It 's probably not appropriate for me to comment on whatever might be considered down the road , " he told reporters in Kabul when asked about the possible CIA nomination . "  I 've had discussions , but again , it would n't be appropriate to comment . " Petraeus , 58 , assumed command of the NATO International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  and U.S. Forces Afghanistan on July 4 , 2010 , after serving for more than 20 months as commander of United States Central Command . He previously commanded multi-national forces in Iraq , leading the so-called "  surge . " During his time commanding the U.S. Army Combined Arms Center and Fort Leavenworth , he oversaw the development of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Manual . Crocker has served previously as U.S. ambassador to Iraq and to Pakistan , while Allen became deputy commander of U.S. Central Command in July 2008 . Gates is the only Cabinet member from the previous administration to stay on when Obama came into office . President George W. Bush nominated Gates as the nation 's 22nd secretary of defense in December 2006 to replace Donald Rumsfeld , one of the architects of the Iraq War who was facing widespread criticism . Gates did not expect to stay on after Bush 's presidency ended . When asked if he would continue under another administration , Gates said in 2008 , "  I learned a long time ago never to say never , so my answer is : The circumstances under which I would do that are inconceivable to me . " But those circumstances arose . In December 2008 , then-President-elect Obama expressed a desire for continuity at the Pentagon , given the ongoing conflicts abroad in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I spent a long time hoping the question would never be popped , " Gates admitted the day after Obama announced his nomination . But , he said , Obama "  impressed " him . It is unclear who may replace Mueller at the FBI . Attorney General Eric Holder on Tuesday did not rule out Mueller staying on short-term when his 10-year term expires in September if a successor has not yet been confirmed . Mueller will leave "  hard shoes to fill , " Holder said . Holder said he has been discussing potential nominees with White House officials , including Vice President Joe Biden . Holder said he believes that if a nominee is selected by May , the administration should have time to get the new director confirmed by August . If that timeline slips , however , the Mueller term would end September 4 , one week before the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . Mueller has often remarked that he barely had a chance to find his desk before the 9/11 attacks occurred , and his entire decade was dominated by the fight against al Qaeda and its scattered supporters at home and abroad . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Joe Sterling , Terry Frieden , Tom Cohen , John King and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Petraeus to resign from military once confirmed , sources say It took a meeting with Obama to convince Panetta to take the job , a source says Petraeus will be nominated as CIA chief It is the most extensive reshaping of Obama 's national security team to date
MOUNT AIRY , Maryland  CNN  -- U.S. President George W. Bush on Friday stressed the role of faith-based groups in the fight against AIDS , calling the struggle one of conscience and morals on the eve of World AIDS Day . Activists call for more AIDS funding in front of the White House , draped with a giant red AIDS ribbon . Bush was speaking at Calvary United Methodist Church in Maryland after meeting with representatives of religious and community groups . "  Faith-based groups like these are the foot soldiers in the armies of compassion , " he said . "  They are helping to defeat this epidemic one soul at a time . " More than 33 million people worldwide have HIV -- the virus that can lead to AIDS -- according to the United Nations . That includes 2.5 million children younger than 15 . Watch a report on living with HIV " More than 2 million people have died of AIDS this year -- including 330,000 children . Bush is asking Congress for an additional $ 15 billion to continue and expand the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , a program approved by Congress after he announced it in his 2003 State of the Union address . On Friday , he announced plans to visit sub-Saharan Africa early next year to see the program at work . He renewed his call for lawmakers to continue funding it . "  Now the time has come for the United States Congress to act again , " he said . "  I 'm confident they will . " The White House says the program -- which targets countries hardest-hit by the disease -- has treated more than 1.3 million people with AIDS . Increased funding would boost that number to 2.5 million , while expanding AIDS prevention programs and offering care to millions more with AIDS . Despite some successes , the program has been criticized for requiring that participating groups emphasize abstinence education . At the White House , about 40 people carried signs in support of more AIDS funding . Before speaking , the president , along with First lady Laura Bush , participated in an hourlong faith-based roundtable discussion at the church . Among others , the president met with Martha Chilufya , founder of the Mututa Memorial Center in Zambia . The center works with faith-based and other caregivers to serve more than 150 patients . Laura Bush and daughter Jenna visited the center in June . Bush said the first lady will join him on his trip next year . A giant red ribbon -- the international symbol for AIDS awareness -- was hung from the north portico of the White House Friday morning "  to represent the continued battle against HIV/AIDS and to affirm the matchless value of every life , " the White House said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Larry Lazo contributed to this report .	Bush : Faith-based groups are "  helping to defeat this epidemic one soul at a time " World AIDS Day is Saturday More than 2 million people have died of AIDS this year Bush wants to expand the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief
CNN  -- "  And the title of the sole Survivor of ` Survivor : Heroes vs. Villains ' goes to ... Sandra Diaz-Twine . " With that , the winner of the 20th season of CBS ' "  Survivor " was announced last night at the Ed Sullivan Theatre in New York City . It 's been 10 years since the show crowned its first winner , Richard Hatch , earning Hatch $ 1 million , a Pontiac Aztek -- and status as America 's newest celebrity . Hatch 's fame was fickle : The celebrity spotlight , legal problems and a prison term for tax evasion took their toll on the love-to-hate-him corporate trainer . But "  Survivor " came out of that first season as the country 's No. 1 show -- and though ratings have never hit the peaks of the frenzied summer of 2000 , it 's been an unqualified success for its network , CBS , and producer Mark Burnett . Still , 10 years ? The idea that "  Survivor " would last a decade was not something that even host Jeff Probst would have put his money on . "  I would 've lost everything I owned today by betting that we would not still be on-air , " said Probst . "  In fact , I was so naive to how television really worked that I just assumed because the show was really popular in the first season that it would get a second season for sure ... then I thought this will probably go on for three seasons which is pretty good . I 'll make some money , be a TV host . I had no idea we 'd be doing this 20 seasons later , " Probst told CNN . "  Survivor " debuted in May 2000 when Falklands War veteran and eco-adventurer Burnett bought the rights from British producer Charlie Parsons to produce the show in the United States . It was first shown in 1997 in Sweden under the name of "  Expedition Robinson . " In an interview with Ontario 's London Free Press , CBS president Leslie Moonves remembered an early conversation with the prolific producer : "  Mark told me early on , ` This show is going to last -- do n't worry about a day job for a while . ' " He was right . Three months later , the show -- which introduced the novel concept of a group of strangers living together in an island while vying for $ 1 million -- captured the imagination of an audience of 60 million in its very first finale . And it could not have found a more perfect winner in the skilled conniver Hatch , thereby opening up the floodgates to a new decade of reality TV . The rest , as they say , is history . Of course "  Survivor " was n't the first of the reality TV genre -- others like PBS ' "  An American Family , " MTV 's "  The Real World " and Fox 's "  Cops " were around long before . But it was the first to challenge the face of prime time TV programming and introduce reality TV as mainstream fare for audiences in America and beyond . It made celebrities out of ordinary citizens . Perhaps the biggest evidence of its success is how it is still a consistent winner in the 8 p.m. prime time slot on Thursdays -- a huge achievement considering the increasingly overcrowded reality field . "  Survivor " stands out because it possesses the key ingredients of great storytelling , says Misha Kavka of in the Film , Television and Media Studies department at the University of Auckland  New Zealand  , who has a forthcoming book on the history of reality TV . Producer Burnett brings a brand of reality known as "  dramality " -- a slick style of drama that is part of the show 's identity and success , says Kavka . Its editors employ strong use of visual metaphors of nature , which parallel the dramas in the tribe . For viewers , it presents a group of people facing the challenges of meeting strangers and living in the open , which functions very well as an allegory for social situations that we understand from our lives , Kavka said . "  The reason -LSB- the show -RSB- works is because we can see our own social struggles played out on the ` Survivor ' stage . We identify not with particular participants , exactly , but rather with many of the situations that arise . Much has been written about ` Survivor ' as a metaphor for office politics , and I agree that that 's certainly an aspect of it , " she said . Probst recalls how the team had "  no idea what to expect " when they were first reviewing tapes from the first season of "  Survivor , " which took place in Borneo . "  And then there was this exact moment when Richard Hatch was sitting on the tree and he was saying over and over again , ` We need to talk , we need to talk . ' And Sue Hawk , the truck driver from Wisconsin , is walking underneath him and she finally says something to the effect of ` Where we 're from , we work while we talk ! ' and I think we all went , ` That 's it ! ' "  And that was the show -- how do you get along when you 're fighting for a million dollars . " The show 's strong casting and the unpredictability of its people is a strong part of its appeal as well . Its characters are as volatile as the show 's most hated villain , Russell Hantz . There is no telling when they 'll call it quits  Johnny Fairplay  or if they 'll go on to find all the immunity idols known to man  Russell Hantz  or if they 'll step down for two doughnuts and a milkshake  Colby Donaldson  . "  No one knows where it 's going -- not even the producers , " said Kavka . And then there 's Probst himself , the everyman host who was probably best known before the show as the emcee of "  Rock and Roll Jeopardy " on VH1 . He 's evolved from weekly torch snuffer to skilled questioner and meticulous observer . Probst 's position in tribal councils should not be underestimated , said Kavka . "  Viewers see him at his best in the studio show at the end of a season , where he turns out to be a good study of human nature which is to say that his insights parallel our own ` intimate knowledge ' of participants , " she said . Ultimately , "  Survivor " speaks to some of our inner fears , said Probst . The notion of being abandoned on an island is "  like a little kid who 's separated from his mom . ... You 're stranded in a supermarket and you get that feeling of , ` Oh my gosh , I 'm alone , ' " he said . " -LSB- And -RSB- being voted out is the same as being laid off from your job or being picked last in a basketball game . It 's being told : ' I do n't like you . ' And the idea of ` The Tribe has spoken ' is really just another way of saying , the news is in . It 's final and it 's not good . " But there 's the dream , too , for contestants and viewers -- the dream that you 'll be the last one standing . "  Everyone fantasizes about being in our place , " says "  Survivor : Micronesia " winner Parvati Shallow , "  and loves imagining what he would do in that situation . "	"  Survivor " debuted in 2000 after Mark Burnett brought rights from Sweden 's "  Expedition Robinson " Show is still a consistent winner in the 8 p.m. U.S. prime time slot ratings We can see our own social struggles played out on "  Survivor , " commentator says
CNN  -- Actress Sheila MacRae , who portrayed Alice Kramden in a 1960s revival of "  The Honeymoooners , " has died . She was 92 . MacRae played the iconic character on a Honeymooners segment that ran from 1966 to 1970 on "  The Jackie Gleason Show . " She often referred to herself as "  the last Mrs. Kramden , " her daughter , Heather MacRae , told CNN . MacRae also portrayed Miss Adelaide in "  Guys and Dolls " on Broadway in 1965 , in addition to TV roles in shows like "  I Love Lucy , " "  General Hospital " and "  Murder , She Wrote , " according to the Internet Movie Database . MacRae was born outside London and immigrated to the United States with her parents in 1939 . She attended the American Academy of Arts in New York City . She died Thursday at the Lillian Booth Actors Home in Englewood , New Jersey , where she had lived since 2009 , Heather MacRae said . Off stage and screen , famed New York restaurants Sardi 's and 21 were her favorite places , and she also loved watching late night host David Letterman and New York Yankee Derek Jeter , her daughter said . She is survived by two children , six grandchildren and two great grandchildren . Her 26-year marriage to actor Gordon MacRae ended in divorce in 1967 . People we 've lost in 2014	Actress Sheila MacRae dies at 92 She played Alice Kramden in a 1960s revival of "  The Honeymooners " The actress also performed on Broadway
CNN  -- Arriving at an air terminal is rarely a memorable event . All the more reason to book a flight touching down at one of these hairy or awesome air strips . Princess Juliana International Airport , St. Maarten , Caribbean Vacationers flock to the Caribbean for a laid-back vacation . But arriving at the region 's airports can have the opposite effect -- the compact , rugged nature of many of the islands forces runways to be built in inventive locations . Perhaps everything feels all the more serene after landing . On St. Maarten , Princess Juliana Airport -- named after Dutch royalty -- has people gnawing their fingernails in the air and on the ground whenever a plane lands . The runway starts mere meters from the edge of the ocean , with aircraft coming in almost low enough over the beach to spike a volleyball set . More : Breathtaking photos of Hong Kong 's Kai Tak Airport 's glory days Courchevel Altiport , France Unlike Caribbean-bound passengers , skiers and snowboarders touching down at Courchevel are usually geared up for an adrenaline fix . They 'd better be . In winter , the tarmac air strip at the French resort 's altiport , more than 2,000 meters above sea level , is often the only thing not covered in snow . Aircraft fly in through a channel between mountains , landing on a short , steeply sloping runway , complete with vertical drop off , that could almost double as a ski jump . The scene is so dramatic it was featured as a stunt location in the James Bond movie "  Tomorrow Never Dies . " Editor 's note : We initially referred to an incorrect Bond film "  Goldeneye . " Matekane Air Strip , Lesotho There 's little chance of extending this runway very far -- it ends abruptly at the edge of a 600-meter drop . Only light aircraft use the airstrip on this remote tabletop plateau in the tiny southern African kingdom . Planes sometimes fail to ascend at the end of the runway , conjuring images of a Wile E. Coyote hover and fall  before , thankfully , achieving flying speed and soaring away  . More on CNN : Best in airport food and drink Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport , Saba , Caribbean Rivaling St. Maarten for Caribbean airport thrills , Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport , on the island of Saba , has one of the world 's shortest landing strips . Wedged on a rocky outcrop at the foot of a mountain and with the end of the tarmac plunging into the sea , touchdown here is a dramatic experience . Gibraltar International Airport Flying toward a gigantic limestone monolith on a landing approach is never easy on the nerves , but in the 6.2-square-kilometer British overseas territory of Gibraltar there 's nowhere else to put an airport except in the shadow of the Rock . Space is so limited on the southern tip of the Iberian peninsula that the runway bisects the territory 's main highway . As aircraft get priority over automobiles in the vehicular pecking order , the road is closed every time a plane takes off or arrives . Barra International Airport , Outer Hebrides , Scotland Where else in the world can you pick cockles on a runway ? Rather than think about where to build a tarmac airstrip when you 're short on space , the Outer Hebridean island of Barra took a different approach -- it did n't bother with one . Pilots wait until the tide is out and then land on the beach -- reportedly the only airport in the world where scheduled flights touch down on sand . In between flights to and from Glasgow , the public have open access to the beach/runway . Paro Airport , Bhutan If there were awards for remote airways surrounded by dramatic scenery , the Himalayas would be filling a shelf . In pride of place might stand the only international airport in the mountainous kingdom of Bhutan Descending into a narrow , high-altitude bowl amid 6,000-meter peaks , pilots -- who have to be specially trained to land here -- bank their jets in a sharp right turn before swooping in low over farm houses . More on CNN : World 's busiest airport Kansai International Airport , Osaka , Japan Landing on an aircraft carrier looks thrilling , but you usually have to join the armed services to do it . You can experience a good second best at Japan 's Kansai International Airport , where the two runways appear to float on the water way out in Osaka Bay . Actually located on a purpose-built artificial island , to minimize noise pollution for city residents , the runways are in fact sizeable affairs  both more than three kilometers long  and connected to the mainland by a four-kilometer bridge . But from the air , this is the best way to get that "  Top Gun " feeling on a commercial carrier . Harstad Airport/Narvik , Norway On the approach to Harstad/Narvik Airport in the region of Evenes , planes skirt through fjord-land , over frozen lakes and between snow-covered mountains . Arriving at the settlement of Hammerfest , in the country 's extreme northeast , feels like touching down on an ice rink at certain times of the year . Madeira Airport , Funchal , Portugal Madeira 's international airport looks as if it 's been cheating in a tricky-runway competition . Sandwiched between a steep hillside and the sea , its dramatically short tarmac strip is extended on stilts over the water to make it long enough for a safe touchdown . Throw in frequent Atlantic turbulence and you 've got an arrival dramatic enough to make the calmest passenger reach for the fortified wine . Mal Airport , Maldives Mal Airport has looks and drama . Built on its very own atoll , Hulhul , the runway is a mere six feet feet above sea level . After descending over the 26-island Maldives archipelago , undercarriages feel so close to the sea on touchdown it 's as if they 're skimming along the water . Ever landed at one of these airports ? Know of one that should be on our list ? Leave a comment below .	Planes landing on St. Maarten fly so low they risk intercepting volleyballs on the beach Snowy Courchevel 's runway was featured in a Bond film Mal Airport , in the Maldives , is only six feet above sea level JFK suddenly seems so much less exciting
CNN  -- It remains advantage Los Rojiblancos in the race for the La Liga title as Atletico Madrid battled to a 1-0 away win at Valencia to lead by four points by the end of Sunday 's program . Barcelona moved up to second with a 3-2 win at Villarreal in the late match , their first since the death of former coach Tito Vilanova this week . Barca trailed to a Ruben Cani goal just before halftime and fell further behind when Manuel Trigueros scored for the home side on 55 minutes . But a pair of Villarreal own goals from Gabriel Paulista and Mateo Musacchio allowed the Catalan giants to level before Lionel Messi grabbed the winner seven minutes from time . Real Madrid , who beat Osasuna 4-0 Saturday , are six points adrift but have a game in hand on both their rival . But Atletico will clinch La Liga for the first time in 18 years with two wins from their remaining three game , the last of which is against Barcelona Atletico were able to register a ninth straight win in their relentless march to the title with a goal from Raul Garcia just before halftime proving the difference in the Mestella . "  We wanted to win for us and for all the people who 've come to Valencia . Their support is essential " #AupaAtleti , the scorer tweeted after the match . Both teams are involved in European competition next week , with Atletico fielding a strong team despite a Champions League semifinal second leg against Chelsea on Wednesday . Valencia , who are looking to overhaul a 2-0 deficit to Sevilla at the same stage of the Europa League , were also nearly at full strength and made a bright start against the league leaders . Atletico 's David Villa came close to scoring against his old club before the visitors made the breakthrough as Gabi picked out Garcia who scored with a deft header . Atletico 's leading scorer Diego Costa had two good chances to make the game safe for Diego Simeone 's men in the second half but they held out for a vital three points although losing Juanfran to a red card in stoppage time . Meanwhile in France 's Ligue 1 , defending champions Paris St Germain missed the chance to wrap up a second successive title . The were held to a 1-1 draw by at struggling Sochaux to go eight points clear of Monaco with three games remaining . Uruguay star Edinson Cavani put PSG ahead on 24 minutes but an own goal from Thiago Silva after the break leveled the affair . Sochaux remained four points from safety in 18th place despite the battling draw .	Atletico Madrid four points clear in La Liga Crucial 1-0 away win at Valencia maintains advantage Barca beat Villarreal 3-2 in late game to leapfrog Real Madrid in second PSG must wait to clinch French title
CNN  -- A manufacturer of a popular cholesterol-reducing medication has recalled more than 40 batches of the product after warning that they may contain small particles of glass . Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals Inc. says it is calling back bottles of its 10 - , 20 - and 40-milligram tablets of atorvastatin calcium , the generic version of the widely prescribed anti-cholesterol drug Lipitor . A total of 41 lots of 90 - and 500-count bottles are subject to the recall , the company said . "  The recall is being conducted at the retail level for such select batches that may contain a foreign substance  small glass particles approximately less than 1mm in size  , " Ranbaxy 's U.S. subsidiary said in a statement on its website . "  Ranbaxy is proactively recalling the drug product lots out of an abundance of caution , and in keeping the safety of our customers in mind . " A full list of the recalled lots can be found at http://ranbaxyusa.com/images/a.pdf Ranbaxy said its action was taken "  with the full knowledge " of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , which granted the company its approval to manufacture the drug at a plant in New Jersey in 2011 . India-based Ranbaxy came under fire from FDA officials over conditions at two Indian plants in 2006 and 2008 . That led to a January 2012 agreement with the Justice Department that cited the company for submitting false data to the FDA and barred the company from manufacturing drugs for the American market at those facilities until they could meet U.S. standards .	Drug maker Ranbaxy says it 's calling back 41 lots of the popular statin The company says some batches may contain small glass particles The drug , atorvastatin calcium , is the generic version of Lipitor Conditions at two of the company 's Indian plants led to a federal consent decree
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British man who has just claimed the world land sailing speed record is now planning to better his speed -- on ice . Greenbird , driven by Briton Richard Jenkins has claimed the land sailing speed record Using just wind power , Richard Jenkins drove his vehicle , the Greenbird , to 202 km/hour  126 miles/hour  in late March on the dry Lake Ivanpah near the border of California and Nevada in the western United States . Greenbird is a carbon fibre composite craft -- described by the makers on their Web site as "  part airplane , part sailboat and part Formula One car " -- that uses solid sails to harness the power of the wind . It weighs 600 kg and is able to travel up to four or five times greater than the speed of the wind -- at which point the downward force of the wings increases the craft 's weight to nearly a ton . The only metal in the structure is in the wing bearings and the wheel . Jenkins told CNN the record came after the team , which is sponsored by UK-based green electricity company Ecotricity , made gains in all aspects of the vehicle 's design . "  It 's a real mixture of everything -- all of the margins are so tight you have to make a little gain in every place . " The technologically advanced Greenbird works by using the flow of air over its vertical sail to push it forward . It transfers the side force of wind into downward energy to keep it from taking off -- a similar concept to that used in Formula One race cars . Greenbird 's record speed defeated the previous record set by American Bob Schumacher in 1999 . Schumacher , in what he described as a "  boat " called the "  Iron Duck , " managed 116 miles per hour . View a photo gallery of the successful speed record attempt " Jenkins told CNN he had been working towards the record for about 10 years and was ecstatic to have managed the feat . "  We had been working on this for a long time . It started when I was at university ... so it was great to finally achieve the record . " The 32-year-old said bad weather and attracting sponsorship had been the main challenges in preparing to set the record . "  You have to be very lucky for the weather to be right at the right time . For years I thought we were going to be unlucky . " With the land sailing record under his belt , Jenkins now plans to return to work on his Greenbird ice sailing craft -- which he feels has the potential to be even quicker than the Greenbird land racer . "  Theoretically it should be a lot faster , but currently ice yachts are not as quick as land yachts . We are not completely sure why . " Jenkins said his next ice sailing attempt would likely take place in December this year on Canyon Ferry Lake in Montana , where the ice is large and secure enough for the vehicle . It is also important to make attempts before snow falls on the ice , creating more drag , Jenkins added . Ice sailing is significantly more risky than land sailing , he told CNN . "  Depending on when you go , the ice can be a lot more unstable . There is the risk that you could go through a water-hole into the ice . We try not to think about it , " Jenkins said . For more about the Greenbird land and ice craft , go to Greenbird.co.uk	Greenbird , driven by Richard Jenkins , claims the land sailing speed record The land yacht reaches 202 km/hour  126.1 miles/hour  on a dry lake in California Makers describe craft as "  part airplane , part sailboat and part Formula One car " Jenkins is now aiming to better the speed in Montana in his ice-sailing craft
Cory Booker raised an eye-popping $ 4.6 million over the past three months for his bid in the New Jersey special election for the U.S. Senate . The Newark mayor 's cash haul that was announced Thursday is the latest example of the skyrocketing costs of winning election or re-election to Congress . Last year , winning Senate candidates spent an average of $ 10.3 million , according to the latest edition of Vital Statistics on Congress , which was released this week . That 's a 62 % increase , adjusted for inflation , since 1986 . The report indicates that it took , on average , $ 1.6 million to win a House seat in 2012 , a 344 % increase since 1986 . That increase is dwarfed by spending of outside independent groups , especially following the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision in 2010 . That ruling removed legal barriers preventing corporations and unions from spending unlimited sums on federal elections . Senate insiders look outside as they run for re-election Outside groups spent $ 457 million on Senate and House races in 2012 , according to the report , compared to $ 9 million in 1986 . In 1978 , such groups spent only $ 303,000 to influence Senate and House elections . "  The most striking to me is the explosion in outside spending , " said Norm Ornstein , a resident scholar at American Enterprise Institute , which contributed to the report . "  The numbers for  political action committees  become a surrogate for the huge amounts outside what candidates and parties spend themselves . So for House Republicans , the nightmare is the Club for Growth  an independent fiscal conservative group  spending big money to challenge incumbents like Mike Simpson from the right , meaning the party is pulled even further to the right , " Ornstein said . "  And for all incumbents , the fear of an alien predator individual or group parachuting in behind the lines in the final two weeks of the campaign with a multimillion dollar ad blitz means they spend even more precious hours doing call time to raise money , " he added . But the report , which uses Federal Election Commission data compiled by the non-partisan Campaign Finance Institute , indicated that incumbents in both the House and Senate , not surprisingly , tended to outspend their challengers . But the fund-raising disparity was far more pronounced in House races . On average , House incumbents outspent their rivals $ 1.7 million to $ 587,000 , a ratio of almost a 3-1 . Incumbent senators spent on average $ 10.7 million compared to $ 7.2 million for challengers . Challengers narrowed the spending gap with incumbents in competitive House races but not by much . Incumbents who were re-elected with less than 60 % of the vote raised on average $ 2.3 million in the 2012 cycle , slightly more than double the $ 929,000 spent on average by their challengers . Incumbents re-elected in competitive Senate races still outspent their rivals but by a much narrower gap of $ 12.8 million to $ 10.1 million . The report also shows that outspending opponents did not necessarily guarantee victory . House incumbents who lost their re-election bids in 2012 on average spent more than their challengers -- $ 3.1 million to $ 2.5 million .	Spending on winning Senate races has increased 62 % in 2012 dollars since 1986 The increase is more pronounced in the House , where winning a race there increased by 334 % Biggest increase is in outside groups , which went from $ 9 miilion in 1986 to $ 457 million in 2012
London  CNN  -- Any day now , the Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her and Prince William 's first baby -- a new heir to the British throne . It is an event that has been eagerly awaited since Catherine 's pregnancy was announced last December , but what will happen once the baby arrives ? CNN runs through the expected schedule , although as with all births , be warned that anything can happen . Where will the baby be born ? Catherine is expected to give birth in the private Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London -- the same place where both Prince William and Prince Harry were born . The world 's media -- CNN included -- are already staking out their positions in view of the hospital 's front door , to try and ensure a front-row seat when the baby makes its debut in front of the cameras . If Catherine goes into labor while visiting her parents at Bucklebury in Berkshire , she may instead opt to give birth at the nearby Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading , where she herself was born . Will Prince William be there for the birth ? Prince William serves as a search and rescue helicopter pilot in the Royal Air Force , and is based at RAF Valley on Anglesey in North Wales , about four and a half hours ' drive from London . Like many other fathers-to-be in the military , he will not be taking time off before the baby 's arrival , but when Catherine goes in to labor , it is expected that he will be flown by helicopter to Kensington Palace in order to be at his wife 's side as soon as possible . Catherine 's mother , Carole Middleton is also likely to be on hand at the hospital , in case William is unable to make it to London on time for any reason . Who will be the first to know about the birth ? Once the royal baby is born , Queen Elizabeth II , British Prime Minister David Cameron , and the Governors General of each of the Commonwealth nations will be informed , along with the rest of the royal and Middleton families . If the baby arrives in the middle of the night , it seems unlikely that the 87-year-old monarch will be woken up , so there is a chance that in the event of an overnight delivery , an announcement would not be made until the following morning . When will the rest of the world know ? After the baby is born , an official notice confirming the newborn 's gender , weight and the time of its birth will be signed by Catherine 's doctors . A palace official will bring this document out of the hospital -- this is the first indication the world will get that the royal baby has arrived -- and hand it to a messenger , who will take it to Buckingham Palace , under police guard . At the palace the notice will be put into a gilt frame , which will be positioned on an easel -- the same one that was used to announce the birth of Prince William -- and placed in the palace forecourt . This is the first time the world will know the gender of the baby . However , it could take anything up to 10 days before the new arrival 's name is announced . After the birth is announced , Prince William is expected to make a statement outside the hospital , as are Kate 's mother and father , Carole and Michael Middleton . Celebratory gun salutes will be sounded by the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Green Park  41 rounds  and the Honorable Artillery Company at the Tower of London  62 rounds  . What will happen after the birth ? In keeping with tradition , as she leaves St Mary 's Hospital , Catherine is expected to appear on the steps of the building with her newborn , as Princess Diana did with Princes William and Harry . The next stop for the new family may be the Queen 's estate at Sandringham in Norfolk , Balmoral in Scotland , or even the Middletons ' home village of Bucklebury , in Berkshire , but exactly where the baby will spend its first weeks is being kept a closely-guarded secret . In the longer term , the royal couple plan to set up home at Kensington Palace , but they are not expected to move in there immediately . Catherine and William are said to be set on giving their baby as normal an upbringing as possible , and are reportedly not planning to employ a nanny -- though of course they have plenty of other staff to lend a hand . Considering the duchess came from a relatively ordinary background , it is not surprising they would want the same for their child -- as much as is feasible for a future British monarch , of course . CNN 's Max Foster and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are eagerly awaiting the birth of their first baby Royal protocols and traditions govern how the new royal arrival is announced Queen Elizabeth II , British PM , and baby 's grandparents among first to hear news Public will be told of baby 's birth via note on an easel outside Buckingham Palace
Loxahatchee , Florida  CNN  -- Senior citizens are common in Florida but one 74-year-old is in a class of her own : "  Little Mama " is believed to be the oldest chimpanzee in captivity . Born in Africa , she was one of the first residents at Lion Country Safari theme park in Loxahatchee , Florida , about 20 miles west of West Palm Beach . "  She came here when the park opened in 1967 , " said Lion Country Safari Wildlife Director Terry Wolf , who has been with the park just as long . Wolf said the park 's owners bought her from a pet dealer . "  It was a whole different world then , " explained Wolf . "  Chimps in pet shops that were babies at that time could go for 10 grand . " Wolf does n't know how much the park 's owners paid for Little Mama , who was certainly no baby when she came to Lion Country Safari 45 years ago . The owners said that Little Mama was part of the Ice Capades , a traveling variety show that performed on ice across the United States , before she was acquired by the pet dealer , Wolf said . "  She was very sweet , very good with people , " recalled Wolf . "  Obviously somebody treated her nicely . " Laboratory chimps get a new lease on life When world-renowned primatologist Jane Goodall visited the theme park in 1972 , Wolf was anxious to introduce her to Little Mama . At that time birth records for chimpanzees were not kept so Wolf did the next best thing : He asked the expert to estimate Little Mama 's age . Goodall determined that the chimpanzee was between 30 and 35 years old . Splitting the difference , the park decided to put her age at 32 . Claim of octogenarian chimp prompts questions Caretakers decided to mark Little Mama 's birthday each Valentine 's Day , since she has a sweet tooth : Cakes , pies and sodas are among her favorite foods . She may be the oldest chimpanzee in captivity but she does not look her age when compared to other chimpanzees . Little Mama is petite , weighing about 100 pounds , and the only physical indication of her age are the gray hairs on her chin . "  Look at Cooper , " said Wolf referring to the chimpanzee in the cage next to Little Mama . "  Cooper probably looks to you , after seeing some other chimps , like he 's 900 years old  but  he 's 35 . " Cooper was born in Sierra Leone and spent his early years as a research test subject in New York state . "  Before he was 5 years old , he had probably 70 liver biopsies and they knocked him down with some horrific drugs , " said Wolf . "  Right now he 's suffering with severe arthritis in his hips . " Although more than twice Cooper 's age , Little Mama 's last physical showed her in good health with clean lungs and a strong heart . Wolf believes that excellent care in the pet industry may be the reason she is healthy at her advanced age . The life span for chimpanzees is 40 to 50 years in the wild and for those in captivity it is 50 to 60 years , according to the Center for Great Apes . When asked about Little Mama 's life expectancy Wolf responded , "  I 'd like to think she will be around longer than me . "	"  Little Mama " has been at Florida 's Lion Country Safari park since 1967 Five years later , renowned primatologist Jane Goodall helped determine her age This year she celebrated her 74th birthday Normally , chimps live 40 to 50 years in the wild and 50 to 60 years in captivity
CNN  -- Serena Williams stayed on course to become the first woman to win the Miami Masters six times but only just , after surviving a major scare against Dominika Cibulkova . At one point , the 13th seed from Slovakia led 6-2 , 4-1 and seemed to have one foot in the quarterfinals until Williams , 31 , displayed the fighting qualities that have made her one of the greats of the game . The world No. 1 rallied to win 2-6 , 6-4 , 6-2 and so book her place in the last eight , where she will take on China 's Li Na , the fifth seed . "  I just thought to myself , ` Well , I 've been down worse . It 's nothing new . Just keep fighting ' , " Williams -- whose five crowns are equaled only by Steffi Graf -- told reporters in Key Biscayne . "  I never give up . It does n't matter whether it 's in life or on the tennis court -- I keep fighting . " "  I was playing a really good opponent who plays really well . She 's a good fighter and a great player , " added the American , who is seeking her first Miami title to add to those won in 2002-2004 and 2007-2008 . Unfortunately for Cibulkova however , the defeat marked the second year in a row where the 23-year-old has led the world 's best by a significant distance in Miami only to fail to make it over the finish line . In 2012 , the right-hander led Victoria Azarenka 6-1 , 5-2 before succumbing to defeat . Meanwhile , Na was unconvincing as she made 39 unforced errors in a straight sets defeat of Spanish teenager Garbine Muguruza  7-6 , 6-2  . Playing her first tournament since injuring her ankle at January 's Australian Open , Na let both a 5-1 lead in the first set -- and then a 6-1 lead in the tie break -- slip before dismissing the 19-year-old who had knocked out Caroline Wozniacki and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova . Defending champion Agnieszka Radwanska also had trouble making it through as the fourth seed recovered from losing the first set before seeing off the challenge of rising talent Sloane Stephens with a 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-0 win . Next up for the Pole is Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens , who saw off Croatia 's Ajla Tomljanovic 6-7 , 6-4 , 6-3 to continue her best start to a season -- as she reached her fourth quarterfinal of the year . In the men 's section , second seed Andy Murray saw off the challenge of Grigor Dimitrov in straight sets  7-6 , 6-3  after the Bulgarian also let a decent lead slip . The 21-year-old had the chance to win the first set when serving at 5-3 but three double faults handed the Scot a lifeline . It is the second time in as many tournaments that Dimitrov has cracked when serving for a set against a top-ranked player , having served four double faults when leading world No. 1 Novak Djokovic 5-3 at Indian Wells earlier this month . Murray will face Italy 's Andrea Seppi in the quarterfinals .	Serena Williams rallies from 2-6 , 1-4 down to beat Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia World No. 1 to face Li Na of China in quarterfinals Andy Murray also through after Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov crumbles against Scot
New York  CNN  -- A woman injured in last summer 's shooting in front of the Empire State Building is suing the New York Police Department over its response to a gunman who had killed his co-worker just moments earlier . Chenin Duclos , a student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , filed the lawsuit Tuesday in state Supreme Court and is seeking an unspecified amount in damages . Her attorney said police had "  failed to train the officers for this type of situation . " "  It 's a clear issue of supervisory liability in the form of improper training , improper attention , possibly , improper hiring , " said attorney Amy Marion . Duclos was one of nine people injured by police gunfire and ricocheting bullets after police engaged 58-year-old Jeffrey Johnson , who had been laid off from his job as a designer of women 's accessories before gunning down his co-worker . "  We have on tape the perpetrator pulled his gun out and tried to shoot at the cops , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in August . It is not clear if the shooter actually fired at authorities . Police officers fired a total of 16 rounds ; one officer shot nine , while another shot seven , the New York Police Department said . Johnson was killed in the gunfire . Police said all the passers-by who were injured were hit by police bullets . The violence erupted just as visitors queued up to ascend the famous New York skyscraper in one of Manhattan 's busiest neighborhoods . City officials were not immediately available to comment on Tuesday 's lawsuit . CNN 's Logan Burruss contributed to this report	Chenin Duclos filed the lawsuit Tuesday and seeks an unspecified amount She was one of nine people injured by police gunfire and ricocheting bullets Police officers fired a total of 16 rounds ; one officer shot nine while another one shot seven City officials were not immediately available to comment
CNN  -- You 're bound to find all the usual suspects on television pretty easily on Christmas Day -- "  It 's a Wonderful Life , " "  Home Alone , " "  Miracle on 34th Street . " But what if you 're feeling like the Grinch , or you want something a little different this holiday season ? Something where strange little creatures spread anarchy through a small town ? Or kids home from college run wild on drug binges ? Or Santa turns out to be evil ? Then we 've got the film for you , with plenty of nostalgia as your wrapping paper : ` Bell Book and Candle '  1958 Think the only Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie is "  It 's a Wonderful Life " ? Check out this enchanting story about a man who falls under the spell of a witch on Christmas Eve  one of the inspirations for the TV show "  Bewitched "  . Stewart reteams with his "  Vertigo " co-star Kim Novak , the witch in question , who uses her cat/familiar Pyewacket to get her upstairs neighbor to jilt his fiancee and fall for her instead , even if falling in love might make her lose her powers . Among her other charms -- she prefers to walk barefoot , even in the snow . ` Trading Places '  1983 In this twist on Mark Twain 's "  The Prince and the Pauper , " wealthy Dan Aykroyd switches life circumstances with a homeless Eddie Murphy at Christmastime . During his lowest point , Akyroyd dresses as a grubby Santa Claus in order to crash a Christmas Eve party at his former employers ' house , so that he can try to plant drugs in Murphy 's desk and perhaps get his job  and life  back . This , needless to say , does not work -- and probably placed him smack dab on Santa 's naughty list . ` Fanny and Alexander '  1982 One of the most ornately decorated homes for the holidays you 'll ever see is in Ingmar Bergman 's "  Fanny and Alexander , " in which the Ekdahl Christmas party takes up the first third of the film  especially if you watch the televised versus theatrical version , which gives a generous amount of time to the decadent feast , including recipes  . It 's the most lavish and luxurious party you 'll get an invite to this season . ` Gremlins '  1984 Yes , there 's a cute mogwai as a Christmas present , and tons of mischievous gremlins who really know how to decorate a Christmas tree , but "  Gremlins " does more than create total anarchy out of the holiday season ; it also exposes its heartbreak . Phoebe Cates delivers a chilling monologue about how her father broke his neck trying to climb down the chimney , and she learned there was no Santa Claus . Not for kids of any age who still believe . ` Lethal Weapon '  1987 "  Jingle Bell Rock . " Drug busts in Christmas tree lots . And if you 've ever agonized about what to give someone for the holidays , consider the present Mel Gibson gives Danny Glover -- the unfired hollow-point bullet he would have used to commit suicide . See , it really is the thought that counts . Honorable mention : "  Die Hard . " ` Less Than Zero '  1987 "  Are you coming home for Christmas ? " Jami Gertz asks her very recent ex , Andrew McCarthy . He thinks he has a shot at getting her back , even after discovering she 's been sleeping with his best friend , Julian  Robert Downey , Jr.  . But as he learns at a very fabulous and very pink "  F *** Christmas " party , decorated with fake penguins on fake ice glaciers , the only snow they 're going to get this Christmas is cocaine . Julian is in the throes of a serious drug habit , and despite his friends ' best efforts , it only gets worse . The whole piece is impossibly glamorous , decadent , and sad . ` Brazil '  1985 Christmas is not what you might expect in Terry Gilliam 's classic . A mother reads to her children about Tiny Tim , and as they ask about how Santa will come visit if they do n't have a chimney , a team of police intruders drops through the roof and takes their father away on sabotage charges . "  Father Christmas " turns out to be the minister of information , and a bomb goes off in a department store during peak shopping hours -- one of the many swipes the film takes at Christmas commercialism . Geeks ' most beloved holiday classics The Tim Burton trio : ` Edward Scissorhands '  1990  ; ` Batman Returns '  1992  ; ` The Nightmare Before Christmas '  1993 It always snows at Christmas because of the ice sculptures that Edward Scissorhands creates for the girl he loves . Mistletoe provides an occasion for Batman and Catwoman to kiss  OK , lick  . Even Gotham 's own Santa Claus  Christopher Walken  and the Penguin  Danny DeVito  ca n't ruin Christmas , despite their manipulation of the good-will-toward-men spirit . So of course Jack Skellington  as directed by Henry Selick  wants some Christmas , too -- all of Tim Burton 's creations do . ` Love Actually '  2003 Several stories intersect around the holidays  including those of Hugh Grant ; Martin Freeman , before he was a hobbit , as a porn star stand-in ; and Keira Knightley as the unavailable object of affection for "  The Walking Dead 's " Andrew Lincoln  , revolving around the ensemble cast 's different relationships . Check out the terrible cover of "  Love is All Around " -- "  except , " as aging rock star Billy Mack  Bill Nighy  explains , "  we 've changed the word ` love ' to ` Christmas . ' " ` Children of Men '  2006 Most Christmas movies are n't about the Christmas story at all . Sure , they 've got the trappings of the holiday -- even the ones mentioned on this list have presents , stress , mistletoe , snow , Santa Claus and/or parties . But in contrast , "  Children of Men , " set in a dystopian future where humanity has given up hope after 18 years of mass infertility  no more babies , no more future of civilization  , is about a woman who miraculously becomes pregnant . She reveals her state to Clive Owen in a manger of sorts , to which he declares , "  Jesus Christ ! " And when she gives birth , the baby 's cries cause a ceasefire -- at least long enough to get them out of the building . Peace on earth still has to wait another day . A Stocking Stuffer -- ` Rare Exports '  2010 Santa exists , but this Finnish film reveals that the man credited with giving gifts to children all around the world is more about the naughty than the nice . After being trapped in a grave for centuries , he 's free , and he 's on a killing/kidnapping spree . Be careful you do n't make his list .	"  Trading Places " is a twist on Mark Twain 's "  The Prince and the Pauper " The home in "  Fanny and Alexander " is one of the most ornately decorated you 'll see Christmas is not what you might expect in Terry Gilliam 's classic , "  Brazil "
CNN  -- During a 1996 interview with television talk show host Charlie Rose , Apple co-founder Steve Jobs took exception to Rose 's characterization of him as "  a guy who founds high-tech companies and tries to make another billion . " "  Yeah , well , I do n't think of myself that way , " Jobs said . "  The things that I have done in my life , I think the things we do now at Pixar -LSB- the animation company he bought in 1986 -RSB- , these are team sports . They are not something one person does . " If pop culture were a team sport , Jobs would have certainly played quarterback . From the invention of iTunes , which completely changed the business of music , to offering the world its first completely full-length computer-generated animated film with Pixar 's "  Toy Story " in 1995 , Jobs left his indelible fingerprints on the entertainment industry . The other "  toys " he helped create like the iPod , iPhone and iPad not only changed the way the world consumed media , but also inserted both Jobs and Apple firmly into the entertainment zeitgeist . Even the commercials , from the 1984 , George Orwell-inspired Super Bowl Macintosh ad to the more recent "  Are you a Mac or a PC , " were uber-cool . While Jobs has been more well known and hailed for his innovation with high-tech , he also made some power moves which forever changed Hollywood . And in what sounds like a fantasy dreamed up by the geek gods , it all began with George Lucas . As Jobs explained to the news program "  60 Minutes " in 2003 , when Lucas was creating "  Star Wars " he reasoned that digital copy of his film would be clearer and cleaner than analog . The computer graphics division of his Lucasfilm company , which honed the technology behind the process , would go on to become Pixar Animation Studios after Jobs bought it for $ 10 million in 1986 . As chairman and chief executive officer of Pixar , Jobs led the way in marrying the endless possibilities of technology with the glitz and glamour of the entertainment industry . The world had n't even heard of computer-generated imagery  CGI  in 1991 when Pixar struck a deal with Walt Disney Studios to develop and distribute three full-length animated films . The first of these , "  Toy Story , " captured audience 's hearts with its tale of the adventures of a group of children 's toys . "  Toy Story " went on to become the top-earning film of that year , grossing $ 192 million in domestic box office receipts and $ 362 million worldwide . It spurred two sequels , theme park attractions and an extensive line of merchandise . It was followed by films like "  A Bug 's Life , " "  Monster 's Inc. , " "  Finding Nemo , " and "  The Incredibles , " the last two of which won Academy Awards for best animated feature . Jobs sold Pixar to Disney in 2006 . By then he was firmly back in the driver 's seat as the chief executive officer of Apple , which was setting the world afire with its inventions . One of his biggest launches was in 2003 with the iTunes Music Store , which revolutionized the world of music downloads . "  Other companies sold digital music before Apple , " said Bill Werde , editorial director of Billboard , said in a statement . "  Other companies made digital music available on computers and digital phones and used it in commercials . Apple 's brilliance -- and I do n't think anyone doubts that this was Steve Jobs ' brilliance -- was that Apple made it exciting and simple and effortless and fun . " Jobs was a major influence on portable media , which paved the way for gamers to be able to engage in their favorite past time via handheld devices and film fans to be able to stream movies almost anywhere . The introduction of the 99-cent single meant music lovers no longer had to purchase an entire album to selectively enjoy their favorite tunes . The ability of the iPod , and later the iPhone and iPad , to hold thousands of songs also meant that fans never had to be far from their tunes . "  Thanks for allowing me to put my whole CD collection in my pocket , " Sebastian Bach , ex-frontman of the heavy metal band Skid Row tweeted after news of Jobs ' death was made public . "  You have made air travel a lot more fun among other things . " Innovation was not without some growing pains , however . Some industry insiders worried that digital downloads were negatively affecting sales of music and the issue of piracy became a hot one . On Tuesday , Miramax chief executive officer Mike Lang in his keynote address at MIPCOM , a TV and entertainment event held in Cannes , France , pointed to digital monopolies like the one Apple has as potentially damaging to the industry . "  Apple is the strongest company in the music industry because there was not enough competition , and still to this day there is not enough competition , " Lang said . "  As an industry it ca n't then influence packaging , merchandising -- all the things that are vital . " Billboard 's Werde also noted that "  Today , the music business has a complex relationship with Apple , which has become yet another entity that built an enormous business atop the rights of music companies , much like radio and MTV before it . " "  But I think you 'd be hard-pressed to find one music executive worth his or her salt who would n't agree that Jobs ' vision and tenacity blazed a trail for digital music as we know it today , " Werde said . "  Without a doubt , when you think of the Mount Rushmore of the music business -- pioneers like Ahmet Ertegun and Jerry Wexler , Clive Davis and Jimmy Iovine - Steve Jobs has earned his prominent place . "	Steve Jobs pioneered inventions that changed the way the world consumed media Pixar made the first fully computer-generated animated film Billboard editor says Jobs brillance made buying music easy and fun
A group claiming to be Saudi Arabian hackers is posting the credit card information and other identifying data of thousands of Israelis online , prompting an international investigation . The group first posted a message Tuesday , which included claims that 400,000 credit card numbers had been published . "  Hi , it 's OxOmar from group-xp , largest Wahhabi hacker group of Saudi Arabia , " read a statement posted on an Israeli sports website the group hacked into . "  We are anonymous Saudi Arabian hackers . We decided to release first part of our data about Israel . " The Bank of Israel released a statement Tuesday saying that based on information from credit card companies , only about 15,000 credit card numbers were exposed , and those cards were blocked for use in Internet and telephone purchases . Thursday , the group claimed to have released another 11,000 credit card numbers and threatened to publish many more . Yoram Hacohen , the head of the Israeli Law , Information and Technology Authority at the Israeli Ministry of Justice , told CNN in a phone interview Friday he 's more concerned about the private information that was released , not the credit card numbers . The publishing of information such as e-mail addresses , phone numbers , home addresses and passwords could lead to identification theft , he said . Hacohen said the hacking is a criminal act against citizens of the world , since some of the information exposed belongs to Jews worldwide , not only Israelis . Israeli authorities have begun a criminal investigation , including a computer forensic probe to search for electronic evidence to try to locate the group , Hacohen said . The theft of personal information is a criminal act under Israel 's Privacy Protection Law . He acknowledged that in the digital world , offenders are very difficult to track , and authorities are asking for international help in the matter . "  The peculiar incident we are facing could be a bad joke , a youthful prank , a hate-driven terror attack for beginners or the cellars of the Iranian intelligence in Tehran , " wrote Israeli columnist Ben Caspit in the Maariv newspaper Friday , outlining the difficulties of trying to identify the hackers . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu created a National Cyber Headquarters in May 2011 , noting the emergence of cyber attacks that could "  potentially paralyze life systems -- electricity , communications , credit cards , water , transportation , traffic lights . " He said in December that the new agency -- along with a rocket defense system and a physical fence -- would help protect Israel against its enemies . An official with the prime minister 's office said the National Cyber Headquarters is currently in the process of being set up .	The hackers claim to be from Saudi Arabia Only about 15,000 credit card numbers were posted , the Bank of Israel says Israel is currently setting up a National Cyber Headquarters to combat such crimes
