CNN  -- Chelsea maintained its unbeaten start to the English Premier League season but were made to sweat against a dogged Sunderland side Saturday . Jose Mourinho 's men have been far and away the best team in England over recent months but were frustrated by their opponents who thoroughly deserved their point from this hard-fought 0-0 draw . The blank represents the first time Chelsea have failed to score this season -- but it was n't for the want of trying . Brazilian midfielder Willian struck a post midway through a first-half that saw Chelsea repeatedly press forward and Sunderland frantically try to keep them at bay . Gus Poyet 's men were well drilled and composed , a far cry from the side that conceded eight to Southampton just a few weeks ago . But it was n't all hustle and bustle from the Black Cats who also chances of their own . Santiago Vergini came closest when he grazed the crossbar after swiveling to connect with a Lee Cattermole cross . Sunderland rope-a-dope A Gary Cahill header and a stinging drive from Nemanja Matic was the extent of opportunities until midway through the second half . Sunderland were quick to hit back with a thumping drive of their own through Conor Wickham that Chelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois did well to block . It appeared Sunderland had been applying the rope-a-dope strategy until this point , becoming stronger as the game wore on . And as the closing stages approached it looked more likely that they would be the ones to break the deadlock . Adam Johnson screwed wide when it looked easier to score after a shot from Jose Altidore fell at his feet 13-yards out . The former Manchester City midfielder then fired inches wide from the edge of the box after bursting beyond the Chelsea midfield . That would be as close as either side would come to winning it . The tie means Chelsea are now seven points clear at the top of the EPL table , although that lead could be cut to four points if Southampton triumph at home to Manchester City Sunday . EPL Roundup In the day 's early kick-off , a solitary goal from Danny Wellbeck was enough to give Arsenal victory away to West Brom and ease the pressure on manager Arsene Wenger who has come in for criticism from sections of the Arsenal support in recent weeks . There have been no such job security worries for Louis Van Gaal despite a similarly sticky start to the EPL season . The Dutchman 's Manchester United side have dug deep to pull together an impressive string of results in recent weeks . And their fine form continued Saturday with a comfortable 3-0 victory at home to Hull City thanks to goals from Chris Smalling , Wayne Rooney and Robin Van Persie . Elsewhere , Liverpool secured a late victory at home to Stoke City after Glen Johnson turned in a Rickie Lambert header that had rebounded off the visitors crossbar . Aaron Cresswell 's goal was enough to give West Ham victory over in-form Newcastle United while Queens Park Rangers beat Leicester City 3-2 . Swansea City were held at home 1-1 by Crystal Palace while EPL new boys Burnley drew 1-1 with Aston Villa .	Chelsea held away to Sunderland in English Premier League Jose Mourinho 's men fail to score for first time this season in EPL Roundup : Arsenal , Man Utd and Liverpool all win on Saturday
CNN  -- If presidential hopeful Rick Perry should awaken one night in a cold sweat with the Ghost of Republican Past hovering by his bedside , the apparition will likely take the form of Sen. Charles Percy , who passed away on Saturday after a long struggle with Alzheimer 's disease . Percy 's political career ended when he lost his Illinois Senate seat in 1984 , the same year that future Texas Gov. Rick Perry won his first election to the Texas House of Representatives as a Democrat . Charles Percy 's fall from GOP wunderkind to party outcast offers a vivid illustration of the Republican Party 's mutation from a vibrant and diverse coalition to the dogmatic cult of conservative ideology that it has become today . In 1968 , political gossips buzzed about the possibility that the rich , handsome , "  All-American " Charles Percy might run for president . The New York Times called him "  the hottest political article in the Republican Party , " and Richard Nixon worried that Percy would be his most formidable competitor in the primaries . Percy was a moderate-to-liberal Republican from the Rockefeller wing of the party who had made his name promoting affordable housing and combating urban poverty . Such positions were seen as positive political attributes in 1968 . Four years earlier , Barry Goldwater 's libertarian presidential campaign had proved a disaster , and Republicans were not eager to repeat the experience . But Percy chose not to run and instead endorsed his colleague Nelson Rockefeller , who lost to Richard Nixon . Over the next few years , Percy clashed frequently with Nixon over defense spending and Supreme Court appointments . During the Watergate scandal , he again defied Nixon by demanding an independent investigation . With his popularity and national name-recognition peaking , Percy might have had another shot at the presidency in 1976 , but he deferred to the incumbent , Gerald Ford . There would not be another chance , for the Republican Party was moving away from Charles Percy . In the mid-1970s , a group of conservative insurgents known as the New Right began plotting to extinguish the party 's liberal wing . They despised men such as Percy and embraced a fanatical brand of social conservatism . One of their leaders , Paul Weyrich , founded the Heritage Foundation and recruited Jerry Falwell to lead the Moral Majority . One by one , the New Right knocked off the liberal Republicans , either by defeating them in primaries or fatally weakening them in general elections -- names now barely remembered such as Clifford Case of New Jersey or Edward Brooke of Massachusetts . In 1984 , New Right leaders backed a primary challenge against Percy . When that failed , they endorsed his Democratic challenger , the liberal , bow-tie wearing Paul Simon . One of the leaders , Richard Viguerie , explained that Percy 's defeat was more important to conservatives than retaining Republican control of the Senate . When the voting was over , the Republicans kept the Senate , but they lost Charles Percy . The drive for ideological purity has continued ever since , with tea party groups and fundraisers such as the Club for Growth targeting moderate conservatives after the liberals went extinct . In recent years , they helped force out Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island and Charlie Crist of Florida . Perry , the front-runner of the Republican presidential field in polls , is a deep social and fiscal conservative who would never have had a shot at the presidential nomination in 1968 . But in 2012 , it 's the liberal Charles Percy who would n't have stood a chance . Even Goldwater 's refusal to embrace the religious right would doom his candidacy were he to run today . Yet perhaps Perry would still be wise to pay attention to the Ghost of Republican Past . He might get to see the old Democratic Party advertisement showing a disembodied pair of hands ripping apart a Social Security card . That advertisement helped turn the tide against Goldwater , who like Perry had challenged Social Security . Conservative activists have succeeded in driving American politics far to the right , but there may still be limits . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolraich .	Michael Wolraich : In 1968 , Charles Percy was a rising GOP star who fought urban poverty , Nixon Emerging New Right toppled Percy and other liberal Republicans , he writes Wolraich : Percy 's career shows how a diverse GOP became lock-stepped in ideology
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government recovered almost $ 4.1 billion stolen in health care fraud schemes during fiscal year 2011 , Obama administration officials announced Tuesday . The figure is up 58 percent from 2009 . "  This is an unprecedented achievement -- and it represents the highest amount ever recovered in a single year , " said Attorney General Eric Holder . The Justice Department reported more than 1,400 people were charged with fraud in 500 cases . There have been more than 700 convictions . "  We 're regaining the upper hand in our fight against health care fraud , " said Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . The numbers are contained in the Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Program Annual Report , which is sent to Congress . Holder and Sebelius credited their Medicare Fraud Strike Force teams for tracking down crime in areas with "  hot spots " of unexplained Medicare billing . The strike forces include prosecutors and investigators from the FBI , the Justice Department and the Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General . In fiscal year 2011 , new teams were created in Dallas and Chicago . They joined seven existing groups in Miami ; Los Angeles ; Detroit ; Houston ; Baton Rouge , Louisiana ; Tampa , Florida ; and the Brooklyn borough of New York . Holder said recently strike forces have handled two large , multiple-city fraud takedowns . In one case , 115 people were arrested in nine cities for alleged false billing schemes amounting to more than $ 240 million . A second case involved $ 290 million in allegedly fraudulent bills in which 91 defendants were charged in eight cities . Health care fraud has attracted both organized crime organizations and street gangs , according to Kevin Perkins , the FBI 's assistant director for the Criminal Investigative Division . Perkins said that through computer analysis the FBI can look at many thousands of Explanation of Benefit forms and detect hot spots showing excessive Medicare billing , which law enforcement can then pursue . "  We 're making an impact , " Perkins said . Officials say fraudulent schemes include illegal marketing of medical devices and pharmaceuticals for purposes not approved by the Food and Drug Administration , Medicare fraud by hospitals and other institutional providers , illegal pricing by makers of drugs , and violations of laws against self-referrals and kickbacks . Sebelius said aggressively pursuing health care fraud is a great investment . "  Over the last three years , for every dollar we 've spent , we 've put more than seven dollars back in the hands of American taxpayers , " she said . The money goes into the Medicare Trust Fund , the U.S. Treasury and state treasuries . Officials said the Affordable Care Act helps in the fight against fraud in various ways , including providing $ 350 million in resources , increasing data sharing , and expanding efforts to get money back after overpayments .	The recovery of nearly $ 4.1 billion is called "  an unprecedented achievement " Federal officials credit Medicare Fraud Strike Force teams Both organized crime and street gangs are involved in health fraud , an official says
CNN  -- The Sri Lankan military claimed it has struck a decisive blow against Tamil rebels in the taking of a rebel naval base at Chalai . Troops at Elephant Pass , the isthmus connecting the Jaffna peninsula to the rest of Sri Lanka . The "  capture of Chalai by army troops several hours ago drove a decisive blow to the entire Tiger organization , now in its death throes with the loss of the biggest Sea Tiger base in the eastern coastal belt , " said a statement posted on the military 's Web site . The military also said it had killed at least four rebel leaders and 10 other rebels in the fighting Thursday evening in Chalai , a community known for its bazaars . Government troops and Tamil rebels are locked in a battle for the remaining rebel strongholds in the north of Sri Lanka , where the the country 's ethnic Tamil minority has been fighting for an independent homeland since 1983 . Watch a report on risks facing journalists in Sri Lanka " Humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area where the fighting is taking place , and the onslaught has intensified as government forces have closed in on the rebels . The aid agencies have asked for increased access to northern Sri Lanka , calling it a nightmarish situation . Earlier this week , the conflict forced the closure of Pudukkudiyiruppu hospital in the Vanni region , the last functioning medical facility in the area of fighting . Sri Lanka 's Defense Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapakse rejected calls Wednesday for a negotiated end to the fighting . He said there would be no political solution , the online edition of The Island reported . Some in the international community have suggested negotiations to give the rebels an opportunity to surrender .	Military says it killed at least 14 rebels in the fighting Government troops , rebels battling for remaining rebel strongholds in north Aid groups say as many as 250,000 civilians are trapped in the area Ethnic Tamil minority fighting for an independent homeland since 1983
CNN  -- French star Franck Ribery scored the only goal of Sunday 's match as Bayern Munich went to the top of the Bundesliga with a home win over fourth-placed SV Hamburg . It ended a long wait for the Bavarian giants who have not headed the German standings since winning the title in 2008 . Their poor form last season led to the departure of former Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann , but his replacement Louis van Gaal has also been under pressure after a slow start to the current campaign . But since the midwinter break , Bayern have returned to winning ways and have been level on points with leaders Bayer Leverkusen , who had a better goal difference . Leverkusen 's 0-0 draw at home to Cologne on Saturday extended their unbeaten Bundesliga run to a record 24 games , but left the door ajar for Bayen to take advantage . Their three-point haul on Sunday gives them a two-point cushion at the top but it was not until the 78th minute that they made the breakthrough with a fine goal from Ribery . The influential playmaker left Hamburg goalkeeper Wolfgang Hesl no chance with a fierce shot . Visitors Hamburg were still missing their new signing Ruud van Nistelrooy through injury and could create little up front . In Sunday 's other game , Hanover continued their slump with a ninth defeat in a row as defending champions Wolfsburg secured a 1-0 away victory . Bosnian midfielder Zvjezdan Misimovic scored the only goal of the match for Wolfsburg to complete a fine week which saw them progress to the last 16 of the Europa League on Thursday . In the Scottish League , Rangers all but sealed the title with a last-gasp 1-0 win over 10-man Celtic in the Old Firm derby . Rangers ' American substitute Maurice Edu struck in injury time to send the defending champions 10 points clear with a game in hand over their nearest rivals . Celtic captain Scott Brown was sent off in the second half but they looked set to hold out for a point until Edu scored with the last kick of the game . In the Spanish Primera , the battle for third place intensified as nine-man Valencia lost 4-1 at Athletico Madrid . David Silva grabbed the opener on 20 minutes but Valencia defender Carlos Marchena was sent off for deliberate handball and Diego Forlan converted the penalty kick . Sergio Aguero and Forlan scored further goals for Atletico after the break before the visitors had Luis Miguel sent off in the 81st minute and Jose Jurado added the fourth . Earlier , Sevilla were held to a goalless draw by Athletic Bilbao and trail Valencia by three points . In Serie A , champions Inter Milan won 3-2 at Udinese and maintained their four-point lead at the top over city rivals AC Milan , who beat Atalanta 3-1 in the San Siro . A double from Brazilian Pato enabled Milan to keep up the pressure on Jose Mourinho 's men while third placed AS Roma saw their title hopes slip away in a 2-2 draw at Napoli , having led 2-0 .	Franck Ribery goal gives Bayern Munich 1-0 home win over Hamburg to top Bundesliga Rangers take giant stride towards Scottish title with 1-0 win over arch-rivals Celtic Nine-man Valencia thrashed 4-1 by Atletico Madrid in Spanish La Liga Inter Milan and AC Milan record victories in Serie A title countdown
CNN  -- A lawyer for a Roma couple accused of abducting the girl found living with them says the pair adopted the child from her biological mother . In a case that has generated huge interest in Greece , authorities have charged the couple with abducting the child they call "  Maria . " They appeared in court Monday and were remanded into custody pending a trial . Authorities released photos of the child , possibly 4 or 5 years old , last week and sought public tips on her birth identity . Kostas Katsavos , one of the couple 's lawyers , told the Reuters news agency that they adopted Maria with the permission of her biological mother . He conceded that the adoption was "  non-legal . " But he said he believes the biological mother will be located soon and will verify the couple 's claims . "  They love her , and they took care as their own child , " Katsavos said . Haralambos Dimitriou , head of the local Roma community , said the couple took the girl in because her Bulgarian mother could n't keep her . He said Maria was raised like a "  normal " child . Video provided by the Roma and shown to the media in the Roma settlement near Larissa does appear to show Maria dancing with a woman who is believed to be the same person now charged with abducting her . The Roma offered the video to demonstrate that Maria was happy and in good care . 1,000 years of Roma discrimination Police suspicions Police say they are suspicious of the records the couple provided for the child and for other children in their care . In addition to the abduction charge , the couple are accused of falsifying official documents . Authorities asked questions about Maria because she has fair skin and blonde hair while her parents have darker complexions typical of Roma , also known as gypsies , a race descended from Indian nomads who face widespread discrimination in Europe . Thousands of calls poured into Greece after authorities released photos of the girl last week . Authorities released photos of the two adults Monday , hoping the publicity will reach someone who can provide more information about them . Child ` doing much better ' A spokesman for the charity taking care of Maria said Sunday that she is in a group home where "  she is doing much better . " Smile of the Child spokesman Panagiotis Pardalis said the girl was found in "  bad living conditions , poor hygiene . " The child was found Thursday in the Roma community near Larissa in central Greece . Authorities said the blonde child looked nothing like the man and woman with her , and DNA testing confirmed that they were not her biological parents . A police statement said the couple "  changed repeatedly their story about how they got the child . " The government news agency said police found suspicious birth and baptism records as well as family registrations that claimed the woman was mother to 10 children and the man was the father of four more . Marietta Palavra , another attorney representing the couple , said DNA tests will show that five of the children belong to the man claiming to be their father but that there are n't conclusive results for the others . She would not elaborate . Europe 's Roma discrimination shame Prejudice against the Roma Prejudice and discrimination against the Roma are widespread in Greece and elsewhere in Europe , Amnesty International says . Maria 's case plays into old prejudices about them stealing children for forced labor . Pardalis mentioned such a possibility , saying , "  We do n't have any other information if this girl was forced to work or to beg on streets . " And the government news agency raised "  the possibility of the existence of a ring bringing pregnant women to Greece from Bulgaria and then taking their children for sale . " The agency also cited past "  reports " that empty coffins were found for infants who supposedly were stillborn to foreign mothers in Athens . Photo blog : The plight of the Roma Journalist Elina Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : The Roma couple charged with abducting a child are remanded into custody NEW : Video appears to show the girl dancing with the woman now charged Couple adopted " Maria " with the biological mother 's permission , their attorney says The case plays into old prejudices against Roma , also known as gypsies
New York  CNN  -- We 've turned the rich into caricatures . They 're greedy "  fat cats " with cigars dangling from their snarled lips . "  How dare the president call us fat ! We 're just big-boned , " says a decidedly obese cat in a 2011 political cartoon by Stuart Carlson . "  It hurts my feelings deeply , " another fat cat says . Other cartoons show them holding moneybags marked "  $ . " You know , just so it 's obvious . It 's easy to mock the wealthy -- especially the ultra-super-rich , whose incomes have weathered the recession better than anyone else 's , and who are taking home a chunk of the total economic pie that is obscene and unfair . Watch documentaries like "  Born Rich , " by Johnson & Johnson heir Jamie Johnson , and it 's impossible not to laugh , or vomit , as you see how detached many 1-percenters are from reality . One brags about her "  really fun " family helicopter . "  I do n't remember the evening all that clearly , but I 've definitely spent several thousand dollars on a bar bill , probably , " a gambling heir says , referring to a night of drinking in the Hamptons , outside New York . "  These things happen . " Things happen . Yep . This is all in good fun , but on the two-year anniversary of the Occupy Wall Street movement , which failed to achieve its goals of promoting economic policies that would shrink the rich-poor gap , it 's worth asking ourselves : Is it fair to paint the super-rich as a homogenous set of villains ? Or , more to the point : Is it productive ? Last week , I put that question to former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich , who is  and has been  one of the country 's foremost advocates for narrowing the gulf that has emerged between rich and poor . His new documentary , "  Inequality for All , " is to economic justice what Al Gore 's "  An Inconvenient Truth " was to global climate change : It 's a powerful , if slightly wonky , outline of the problem , complete with charts , PowerPoint-type presentations and a spirited call to action . Other recent films on America 's wealth gap , "  Park Avenue , " for instance , hold no punches in the way their efforts paint the wealthy as detached jerks who are buying off politicians to support their needless and greedy habits . But Reich does n't want to make villains out of the wealthy . "  I think that 's wrongheaded and it does n't lead to any constructive solutions , " he told me in an interview with a few reporters in New York . His film aims to show how economic inequality hurts everyone . "  The rich would be better off with a smaller share of a rapidly growing economy , " he told me , "  than they  are  now with a large share of an economy that is anemic -- that is basically not growing at all , largely because you do n't have many people with much money to be able to sustain the economy and buy enough . " "  I think the rich would do better with a society that was less polarized , " he added , "  with an economy that 's less polarized and more collaborative , than they do now with a society that is very  much  at loggerheads . " The trouble is convincing them of that . Reich 's film might be a start . One rich person it features is Nick Hanauer , a venture capitalist from Seattle who sold a company to Microsoft in 2007 for $ 6.4 billion and was "  the first nonfamily investor " in Amazon , which , you know , is worth big bucks . But , unlike many money-mover types , Hanauer supports policies that economists say would help narrow the rich-poor gap and increase economic mobility . He says it 's in his interest . In the doc , Hanauer talks about how he has tons of money to spend , and he does buy nice things , but he does n't spend that much more than a middle-class person . "  I have the nicest Audi you can get , " he says , "  but it 's still only one Audi . " If dozens of middle-class people had his money , they 'd buy dozens of cars , and dozens of everything , which would create more industry and more jobs . His businesses would have more customers . The economy overall would grow . Reich calls this the "  virtuous cycle . " Right now , we 're stuck in a pattern he says is "  vicious " -- where cash is ending up only in the hands of a few , and money is slipping through the fingers of those who would actually need it , and who actually would spend it in the economy . To reverse course , it would help to have the support of the rich -- those greedy fat cats we all love to hate . To convince them , though , maybe that means we need to stop thinking of them as villains -- and , instead , challenge them to be heroes . The wounds of the financial crisis are still fresh , five years out . But this anniversary should give us pause . We 've turned both the very rich and the very poor into villains . Now the task is to think about how we can patch up and move forward . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Tuesday is the two-year anniversary of Occupy Wall Street John Sutter : The date should give us pause about how we characterize the rich He says the rich should be allies in the battle against economic inequality Sutter : Instead of making the rich villains , we should persuade them to be heroes
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il has been making the the rounds of major industrial facilities in the country 's north , state-run media reported Thursday . North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il meets people at a library in the country 's north . It was the second time in as many days that state media reported Kim 's activities . State media reported Wednesday that Kim had visited a steel company and expressed "  great satisfaction " with workers ' efforts . The steel factory tour generated no pictures , but his stops at a library and an electronics research facility in Jagang Province the day before did . Kim was shown bundled up in a parka with matching thick gloves . He was also wearing a fur hat and his signature dark sunglasses . The photos showed Kim engaged in conversation and active . South Korean media noted it was the first time since Kim reappeared in public October 4 -- after a hiatus of nearly 60 days -- that his activities have been reported two days in a row . Kim 's disappearance during that period raised speculation about the North Korean leader 's health . South Korean analysts said they believe the new reports are an attempt by the North Korean leadership to show Kim is healthy and in control . Last week , Francois-Xavier Roux , a French neurosurgeon at Saint-Anne Hospital in Paris , told a French newspaper that Kim had suffered a stroke , but is now better . The doctor said he last treated Kim in late October . The North has denied its leader was ever ill and state media has issued a series of reports portraying Kim as healthy and active .	North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il has appeared in public again Pictures show Kim healthy and active at library , research facility Surgeon claimed he treated Kim for a stroke , North Korea denies any illness
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  It is an unimaginably hideous outcome . To be raped by your cousin 's husband ; be jailed for adultery as your attacker was married ; to suffer the ignominy of global uproar about your jailing and assault , but be pardoned by presidential decree ; and then to endure the shame and rejection from a conservative society that somehow held you to blame . The solution in this society ? Marry your attacker . That 's what happened to Gulnaz , who was barely 16 when she was raped . She 's now carrying the third child of her attacker , Asadullah , who was convicted and jailed -- though this was then reduced . Gulnaz 's plight -- like so much in beleaguered Afghanistan -- disappeared from the world 's gaze once she was pardoned and released courtesy of a presidential pardon . Instead of a new start , what followed for Gulnaz was a quiet , Afghan solution to the "  problem " -- a telling sign of where women 's rights stand in Afghanistan despite the billions that have poured into this country from the U.S. government and its NATO allies during more than a decade of war . We found Gulnaz in her family home . Smile , the name of the daughter born of the rape , is now a shining little girl , bouncing around the house that her mother shares with Asadullah 's first wife -- who is also Gulnaz 's cousin . Asadullah agreed to let us speak with him and Gulnaz because , it seemed , he wanted to show us that things were now settled , that under Afghanistan 's version of social morality he had done the right thing . He had rescued Gulnaz from shame . "  If I had n't married her ,  but  according to our traditions , she could n't have lived back in society , " he tells us . "  Her brothers did n't want to accept her back . Now , she does n't have any of those problems . " 2011 : Thousands sign petition for Gulaz release Gulnaz remains subdued throughout our meeting and does not once look her husband in the eye . "  I did n't want to ruin the life of my daughter or leave myself helpless so I agreed to marry him , " she says . "  We are traditional people . When we get a bad name , we prefer death to living with that name in society . " As Smile attempts to pour tea , the other seven children in this household run around the courtyard . The first wife remains unseen in the house . A portrait of Gulnaz 's liberator in 2011 , the then-president Hamid Karzai , hangs on the wall . But the sense of order here is undermined by the fact that this is a house built around a crime . How Gulnaz ended up here requires some explanation . There was pressure upon her to marry her attacker after her release . But at the same time , other activists were trying to assist her with an asylum bid abroad . "  Unfortunately , Gulnaz was heavily pressured to marry her attacker by various people within the government which , in and of itself , was immensely disappointing , " her former attorney , an American citizen named Kimberley Motley , tells us . "  Gulnaz was constantly told that neither she nor her daughter would be protected if she did not succumb to their pressure to marry ... Gulnaz essentially became a prisoner of her environment . "  As an uneducated , young , single mother with no family support , it would have been an uphill battle for Gulnaz and her daughter . " Local pressure won out . She was introduced to her attacker in the shelter where CNN first interviewed her upon release from prison . They talked and it was agreed she would marry him . Most disturbingly , the woman who -- despite knowing the stigma it would create around her -- defiantly insisted she had been raped when we spoke nearly four years ago , now says she was told by her relatives to make up the allegations . "  Now she is beside me and knows that it was not as big as they had shown it , " says Asadullah . "  No I am not thinking about it anymore , " Gulnaz adds . "  I do n't have a problem with him now and I do n't want to think about the past problems . My life is OK ... I am happy with my life ... It is going on . " She is then permitted to talk with us alone . Asadullah moves away but stands close to the door of the room . Though she now maintains she was not raped , she explains her decision . She contradicts her husband , saying her brothers would have taken her back , had she not married him . "  My brothers opposed the marriage and told me to take my daughter and go to Pakistan to live with them instead , " she says . "  But now we 're married , they disowned me and wo n't see me again . " Her decision was for her daughter . "  No , I could n't fulfill my wishes in life . I married this man ; I cut relations with my family only to buy my daughter 's future . " It is truly chilling to see how things have gone for Gulnaz after the level of international attention her story received -- pregnant with the third child of the man who was once her rapist , accepting a life as his second wife , trapped in his home .	Gulnaz was jailed after the attack as her rapist was married Her case gained international attention ; prompted a presidential pardon She was forced to marry her attacker or face disgrace
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The killer of "  Harry Potter " actor Rob Knox has been given four life sentences and told he will be behind bars for at least 20 years . The parents of Robert Knox read a statement outside the Old Bailey after Karl Bishop was found guilty of his murder . A judge at the Old Bailey court in central London sentenced 22-year-old Karl Bishop on Thursday , the day after he was convicted of the attack on Rob Knox and four of his friends in southeast London last May . Bishop stabbed them 10 times in less than two minutes , the court heard . Knox , 18 , had rushed out of the bar after he heard that Bishop had threatened his younger brother Jamie but he ended up being stabbed five times , once in a main artery . He died in hospital later that night . The judge , Mr Justice Bean , told Bishop : "  You are at present a highly dangerous man , " the Press Association reported . "  There is plainly a very significant risk to the public of serious harm caused by your committing further offences of violence . "  Because you had threatened his younger brother , Rob Knox was among those who tried to disarm you . He paid for his bravery with his life . "  The truth is that you simply could not care less whether you killed him or not . When you learned that you had killed Rob your only response was to say ` Yeah , sweet . ' " Days before the attack , the actor had finished filming on "  Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince , " due for international release in July , in which he played the role of Marcus Belby . He was set to reprise the part in future "  Harry Potter " films . Knox 's father Colin told mourners at his funeral , including co-star Rupert Grint , that his son had been "  living the dream , " PA said . The Knox family left the court without commenting , but earlier Rob 's mother Sally said of Bishop : "  Once he 's got his sentence and he 's gone , I will not waste my time thinking about him . "  I just think maybe somebody like him may have some kind of disturbed mind , which may not be due to the life he 's had , it just may be something in him . " Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities . UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has urged tougher sentences for those caught carrying knives . He told the Daily Telegraph last month : "  By carrying a knife you are not only endangering the lives of others , but you are more likely to be killed , or end up in jail . "  We need to change the way young people think about knives , we need families and communities working together ... to get this message across and help stamp out knife crime and get weapons off our streets . "	The killer of "  Harry Potter " actor jailed for life , must serve at least 20 years Karl Bishop , 22 , attacked Rob Knox with 2 knives in southeast London last May Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
New York  CNN  -- Celebrity chef Marcus Samuelsson is a gastronomic tour de force . The Ethiopian-born chef has won three coveted James Beard Awards , an accolade described as "  like winning the Olympic gold medal for chefs , " and has been celebrated as one of "  The Great Chefs of America " by the Culinary Institute of America . With three restaurants and cookbooks to his name , Samuelsson , 39 , is firmly established in the world of haute cuisine , so it was no surprise that he was chosen to cook for President Barack Obama 's first White House state dinner . The dinner featured a seasonal menu reflecting American and Indian flavors in honor of the visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Samuelsson worked with first lady Michelle Obama to create a menu that included potato and eggplant salad , roasted potato dumplings with tomato chutney , chickpeas and okra , green curry prawns and caramelized salsify with smoked collard greens . It 's been a whirlwind rise to the top for the chef who says he developed an interest in cooking at just six years old . But life has not always been easy for him or his family . Born Kassahun Tsegie in a small village north of Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , Samuelsson was three years old when he , his older sister and mother contracted tuberculosis during an epidemic in Ethiopia . Admitted to hospital , Samuelsson and his sister Linda survived , but his mother was killed by the disease . After their mother 's death , a nurse took pity on the young siblings and found an adoption agency to register them , Samuelsson told CNN . Blog : Meeting Marcus Samuelsson Months later , Swedish couple Anne Marie and Lennart Samuelsson adopted the children and they left Ethiopia for a life in Europe , which at times proved radically different for them . Looking back on his upbringing , Samuelsson said : "  My mother was white , my father was white , we were mixed kids , mixed family . It was the norm , you know . Not until maybe you 're in your teens do you really start reflecting on that maybe that 's not the norm . " It was only later in life when his sister started to dig into the family history that Samuelsson discovered his biological father in Ethiopia was still alive . Samuelsson told CNN : "  We found him and my step brothers and sisters . This is one of my biggest gifts to have met my birth father and my sisters and brothers and I feel extremely connected to them . "  My father knew we were adopted . He knew that we were in Sweden but he just did n't know where , " he added . It was in his adoptive home that Samuelsson 's love of cooking was shaped and developed by his grandmother . He would spend hours in the kitchen with her and by the age of 16 had decided to become a world-class chef . He attended the Culinary Institute in Gothenburg , and then worked in Switzerland , Austria and France before moving to the United States in 1991 where he was employed as an apprentice at acclaimed Scandinavian restaurant "  Aquavit " in New York . This was to be his launch pad to culinary fame . After four years at "  Aquavit , " at the age of just 24 , Samuelsson was promoted to Executive Chef and his career skyrocketed . Fifteen years on , Samuelsson has created his own brand , with three restaurants and a collection of cooking books and classes to his name . It 's been hard work but Samuelsson credits his success to his origins . He told CNN : "  I always feel like the biggest luxury I have is that I am connected to poverty . I come from a clay house in the country in Addis . No water , no electricity , no nothing ... I think it is my responsibility to represent poverty . Talk about it and also show there 's lots of happy togetherness , family and love . " Susannah Palk contributed to this article	Samuelsson was adopted at the age of three He cooked for President Barack Obama 's first White House state dinner He has won three James Beard Awards
Baton Rouge , Louisiana  CNN  -- It 's Sunday morning at the New Life Baptist Church in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , but the man preaching to the choir is no minister . "  My God is not finished with me yet , " he tells the congregation . The man speaking is Edwin W. Edwards -- ex-four-term Louisiana governor , ex-four-term congressman and ex-con . "  I may be old and rancid butter , but I 'm on your side of the bread , " he proclaims from the altar . Unrepentant and unapologetic , Edwards is in church not looking for forgiveness . The 87-year-old is looking for votes . After almost nine years in prison , the flamboyant showman of Louisiana politics has a fresh act -- running for Congress -- co-starring his 35-year-old wife , Trina , and their 1-year-old baby . This is his third marriage . Ex-governor , convict Edwin Edwards to run for Congress Fifty years after his first stint on Capitol Hill , Edwards would no doubt rather be running for governor again . But he 's running for a seat in Congress because Louisiana law does n't allow felons to run for state office -- until they 've been out of prison for 15 years . By then , Edwards would be 98 -- so he 's taking this shot instead . Former Louisiana governor released from prison His chances ? The district is now bright red , but never mind . Political experts think Edwards at least has a good shot of making it into a runoff because of his universal name recognition and the size of the field : he 's running against nine Republicans , two other Democrats and one Libertarian . If no candidate gets 50 % in November , the top two then will face off in December . "  He is gon na make the runoff hands-down unless some kinda Christmas morning miracle happens and pushes him out , " says Jeremy Alford , publisher of LaPolitics.com . Edwards won the backing of state Democrats last week . While Edwards was happy to re-enter the political arena , his wife of four years was n't fully on board . Did she want him to run ? "  Not particularly . I would naturally support him in whatever he chose to do , " Trina Edwards says . "  But it 's not really my thing . " Edwards ' relationship with Trina began as his prison pen pal , which led to love at first sight when she visited him . "  I was expecting him to be angry or bitter , and he just was n't , " she tells us . As for Edwards he recounts what she told him when they met . Edwards : Never profited from taxpayers "  She said , ` If you do n't mind , I only live 30 minutes from here . I 'd like to come back and visit you . ' That 's like throwin ' a rubber raft to a drowning man . " He went to prison in 2002 after a felony conviction of extorting millions in exchange for riverboat casino licenses -- and served his time . To this day , Edwards says he never took a dime from the taxpayers . "  In all this claptrap about how crooked I am and what I stole , nobody 's ever charged me , or accused me , of taking money from the taxpayers , " he tells CNN . "  It had nothin ' to do with my career as a public official . Nothin . " Former Louisiana Gov. Edwards gets 10 years in corruption case After getting free in January 2011 , he and Trina married . Last year they had a son . So now Edwards is the father to children in their 60s , a wife half their age and a baby . "  He gets up with him in the morning , " Trina Edwards says . "  He changed diapers . He bathes him , He puts his clothes on . He feeds him . " If this seems like a reality TV show it was -- briefly -- entitled "  The Governor 's Wife " on the A&E network . What was it like for them doing it ? "  It 's horrible , " she says . His take : "  it was unbelievable . " The couple now says the whole thing was kind of annoying . The critics and viewers agreed . They admit they are bit of an odd couple -- and it 's not just age . Trina is a Republican . Edwards is an old-time populist Democrat who wants to return to Congress exactly 50 years since his first stint there . When the 6th District congressional seat became open , he says he thought , "  That 's my chance . I 've got a second chance , and I 'm going to take it . And I 'm gon na surprise everyone . " As for what he would say to those who ask about sending a convicted felon to Washington , "  People say , well , they 're all crooks anyhow . You might as well send an experienced one . " The law finally catches up with Edwin Edwards	Former Louisiana governor , congressman Edwin Edwards running for U.S. House Edwards , 87 , served in Congress 50 years ago before being elected governor four times Edwards went to prison in 2002 for extorting millions for riverboat casino licenses
More than 90 % of the Internet was shut down in Syria Thursday as rebel clashes with Bashar al-Assad 's forces were reported near the Damascus airport . It 's not the first time the Web has been blocked in the war-torn country , but the move toward the airport could be highly significant , said retired U.S. Army Gen. Mark Kimmitt , who worked as assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs under President George Bush . Damascus , the capital , is the seat of al-Assad 's power . It is also home to many Syrians who belong to the Alawite sect . The al-Assads are Alawite . Rebels fighting al-Assad 's forces and possibly winning at or near the airport "  would have a psychological affect , " Kimmitt explained . "  The civilians in Damascus will feel cut off from the outside world . " The Alawites , he said , understand there are very few alternatives other than staying in Syria now , but if rebels take the airport , they would likely feel trapped . Some will go on about their lives , a coping mechanism , he said . Some will flee to neighborhood countries , while others may actually choose to take a stronger position in defending al-Assad . Strategically , Kimmitt noted that most of the military 's aircraft are being flown out of bases elsewhere in the country . The road to Damascus International Airport was shut down because the rebels and the military were fighting on the outskirts of the city , said the opposition-supporting , London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Egypt Air is canceling flights to Syria starting Friday , said Egypt Air spokesman Mohamed Rahma . The airline cited a "  deteriorating situation " around the Damascus airport , a Cairo airport official said , according to Egyptian semi-official news agency Al-Ahram . On the other side , government-run TV ran an urgent banner saying that the road to Damascus International Airport had been secured after "  terrorists " attacked cars . Al-Assad 's regime has routinely blamed terrorists for the violence in the country . Internet blocked Also Wednesday , most Internet access in Syria was shut down , according to the Internet monitoring group Renesys . It was not clear who was behind the latest outage , but the government has intermittently cut off Internet access several times in the past two years . Opposition activists often transmit updates about the civil war in reports and images on the Web . Syria state TV reports that the government 's minister of communications said maintenance workshops were working on "  fixing the blackout in the main communication and Internet network in a number of Syrian provinces . " U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford said that in response to government Internet-related actions , the United States has given "  a thousand pieces of non-lethal equipment -- largely communications gear " to help opposition activists get around the cyber roadblocks . He spoke in Washington on Wednesday about the humanitarian situation in the country . He talked to CNN Thursday . "  The Syrian government has been monitoring  the Internet  for years . They have been using the Internet with Iranian assistance to track opposition activists , arrest and kill them , " Ford said . "  That is the reason why our non-lethal assistance to the Syrian opposition , we put a special emphasis on communications equipment precisely to help the Syrian people tell the world what is going on inside Syria , " he said . "  A lot of the pictures that you see on the nightly news are from communication equipment that we supply to very brave and very dedicated opposition activists inside Syria , " Ford said . "  We have provided over a thousand pieces of non-lethal equipment -- largely communications gear to help them get around the restrictions on the Internet that the Syrian government imposes . " But Kimmitt , asked by CNN to respond to Ford 's comments , said he thinks the gear that United States has provided has not been enough . "  I think it 's an attempt on the part of the  Obama  administration , albeit it has an insufficient amount of support for the rebels , " the former general said . "  What side of history are we going to end up ? "  To suggest a thousand pieces of equipment has made a difference -- I would turn back to the number of casualties we 've seen . " About 40,000 civilians have been killed since the first protests began in March 2011 against al-Assad 's government , according to the opposition Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria . Meanwhile , more than 380,000 Syrians have fled the violence and become refugees in countries such as Turkey and Lebanon , the United Nations reports . The Local Coordination Committees in Syria , the group that speak for the rebels , said Thursday that at least 20 people were killed and more than 80 wounded in an airstrike in a residential area , the Al-Ansari district in Aleppo . Most of the wounded were children , they said . An anti-Assad activist in Aleppo uploaded videos of the attack . One shows children being dug out of rubble and rushed away . In another video on older man appears dazed as he carries the remains of a bomb . He says : "  This is a gift from Bashar to the people of Al-Ansar district . Look at the building over there . Two floors have been destroyed , and this is part of the rocket that destroyed these buildings . " Rebels claim to shoot down military aircraft On Wednesday , villagers in northern Syria picked pieces of a downed fighter jet from an olive grove after rebel fighters claimed to have shot down three government aircraft in 24 hours . Al-Assad 's government has relied increasingly on air power to battle the 21-month-old revolt against it , and witnesses said a cheer went up when the jet went down near Aleppo . "  We want to take this ... to show them in the other villages , " a man who identified himself as Abu Dargham told CNN as he showed off two twisted chunks of metal . "  Let them see what happened to these planes . " The downed plane 's tail was largely intact , but the fuselage was in pieces and the type of aircraft was not immediately identifiable . Locals picked it apart , some of them stuffing pieces into bags as a tractor hauled away what appeared to be an engine . Cheering children were piled on the tractor as it drove away . Witnesses said two fliers ejected from the plane before the crash . One was found unconscious and taken to a makeshift clinic , while villagers said they were still searching for the other late Wednesday . Rebels posted two videos online to support their claims . One shows rebels carrying an unconscious man wearing what looks like a military pilot uniform , while another includes footage of medics bandaging a bloodied and moaning man . "  Here is the pilot who was shelling houses of civilians ! " someone says off-camera . "  The heroes of Darret Ezza shot down his plane ! "	Rebels clash with the military near the Damascus airport , according to reports The airport is a key location for Bashar al-Assad 's regime A U.S. observer says taking the airport would be a "  psychological blow " More than 90 % of Internet access is blocked in Syria , a monitoring group says
Talks will resume next week on the future of Iran 's nuclear program with the goal of beginning to draft a comprehensive agreement in May , a senior Obama administration official said on Friday . The next round of negotiations will seek to build on the work that has been done since January , when an interim deal between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council took effect . That deal eased some economic sanctions in return for Iran rolling back parts of its nuclear program , which the United States and others believe is designed to produce a weapon . Iran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful . While officials in Washington are optimistic that negotiations are progressing on track , a number of significant potential roadblocks need to be worked through if a long-term agreement is to be reached . These include determining what will happen to Iran 's heavy water reactor in Arak , which the United States and its allies would like to see neutralized . That is a sticking point for Tehran . "  We know where the gaps are that have to be bridged , " the official told reporters , adding that the United States remains clear-eyed about Iran 's motivations . New concerns have also been raised over reports that Russia is laying the groundwork for an oil-for-goods deal with Iran , which could violate the terms of the interim agreement and derail future talks . According to the official , the reports are being taken seriously but are not yet having a substantive impact on negotiations . The administration has communicated to all parties that violating limits on Iran 's oil exports could trigger new economic sanctions . This development comes less than three weeks after the United States and the European Union enacted a series of sanctions targeting Russian officials , in response to Russia 's annexation of Crimea .	U.S. and allies are looking for a comprehensive deal to curb Iran 's nuclear program A six-month interim agreement took effect in January ; new round of talks begin next week
CNN  -- When I "  beat " cancer the first time , I was excited . My daughter was on her way to remission as well , and we were going to be a normal family again . It was almost over . Then Saoirse 's cancer came back with a vengeance , and she was taken from us . I wanted to trade places with her , but I was better . I was in remission , and I had to learn to live again , even though my baby girl had died . So I did just that . I pushed forward . I started a nonprofit neuroblastoma foundation in Saoirse 's honor , helped my husband start a business called CareAline Products to distribute products I had made for her when she was sick , and gave birth to our second child . Mom sews a new dream after toddler 's death Life seemed to be moving in the right direction . I felt great , and while there was always a little voice telling me remission was n't a guarantee , I thought that I had made all the necessary changes in my lifestyle to keep me cancer-free forever . Then , in one instant of excruciating pain , that belief that everything was going to be OK was gone . A kidney stone sent me to the ER . When the doctor came back with the CT results , I was n't expecting the words that would come out of her mouth : "  You have a 4-millimeter kidney stone . But you also have some swollen lymph nodes next to your aorta . They were flagged by the radiologist because of your history . " The world went silent , which is a feat , considering I was sitting in a busy ER . I 'm pretty sure I stared dumbfounded at the doctor for at least a minute , unmoving . Lymph nodes . Swollen . Those words stuck in my head . While I did my best to believe that follow-up tests would be negative , in the back of my mind , I knew . The cancer was back . I was sent home to pass my kidney stone , and to start the excruciating process of figuring out what the heck was going on inside my body . First came the scans -- CT and PET . Then a biopsy . Waiting for test results takes an extreme emotional toll . With every day that passed I grew more anxious , and more unfocused . The news came at lunchtime on a Tuesday six weeks after that fateful ER trip . "  They are calling it a Hodgkin 's lymphoma , " the doctor said . All I could say was , "  OK . " I was numb . Then frustration set in , quickly followed by extreme annoyance . How could this be happening again ? I did n't have time to deal with cancer . I had a foundation to run , a business to help with , and first and foremost , an 8-month-old to take care of . When I set out to fix something , I do it right . I think this is why my cancer relapse hit me so hard . It means I have to go back to the drawing board and start again . It 's a feeling of failure that is hard to overcome . I have tried not to let my family and friends see my disappointment , but it has been almost impossible to hide . This time , cancer is n't the unknown beast it was the first time I was diagnosed . This time cancer was the nagging neighbor who finally moved and put their house on the market and then decided to come back instead of paying closing costs . Relapse is a fear of the known . I know what chemo feels like . I know the nausea , the hair loss , the numbness , the fatigue , the burning veins and the pain . I know that chemo can take me from feeling great to feeling like crap in less than four hours . I know what high-dose chemo does to a patient whose only wish is to live a little bit longer . I 've seen quality of life stripped away for a chance at a few more months , and the ever-diminishing chance of a cure . With that knowledge came a major decision : Should I give in and allow myself to be thrown back into the chaos of toxic therapy -- or defy the fear and find a better way ? During the six weeks I waited for my test results , I started to think about , talk about , and research different treatment options . I was n't comfortable doing chemotherapy again , as I knew the treatment would be much more intense and toxic than what I had already been through . When relapse was confirmed , my general practitioner told me about homeopathic cancer therapy . I did more research , and made more phone calls . It just felt right . My doctors are on board , especially since I have a slow-growing disease . While some may not understand my choice to forgo conventional treatment , this time around I 'm determined not to be scared into toxic therapy . This is a chance to take back control of my body . I 'm determined to beat cancer , and I know that I am strong enough to do so . After all , I did it once before . The opinions in this article are solely those of Kezia Fitzgerald .	Kezia Fitzgerald went into remission from Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2011 The cancer relapsed in March of this year Fitzgerald says relapse is the "  fear of the known "
CNN  -- In Chicago in 1968 , anti-war protesters at the Democratic National Convention chanted "  The Whole World Is Watching . " World news events of the past had few reporting electronically , but hundreds are in Iran . They were talking about television cameras that showed police beatings on the evening news . More than 40 years later , with a massive movement aimed at reversing election results and possibly even toppling a regime in Iran , online networking is instantly sharing protesters ' actions . And the whole world is watching . "  That was n't true in Chicago , " Clay Shirky , a writer , consultant and New York University instructor who focuses on the social impact of the Internet , said of the slogan . "  Now , it 's true . " The watching is n't the end of the story -- and may not even end up being its most important piece -- according to Shirky . "  Since we do n't know how this ends , the lessons are all provisional at the moment , " he said . "  But it seems to me that the biggest potential difference right now is not just that the whole world is watching , but that people from outside -- civilians from outside -- Iran are trying to actually affect the outcome . " From the moment Iranians took to the streets of Tehran to protest results of an election they believe President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stole , electronic media has been a part of the story . Demonstrators made plans by text message -- when they could get around reported government interference with their signals . Web sites like Facebook , Twitter , Flickr and YouTube were used to organize , drum up support and share images of street protests -- and the brutal retribution that sometimes followed -- with a world hungry for news . As the Iranian government began limiting the freedom of traditional news outlets to report in the country , citizen journalists became crucial in showing scenes from the movement . It 's the latest step forward in a media technology march that has included stops at the Spanish-American War , when telegraphs wired updates to the world , and the Vietnam War , when television first gave viewers a daily look at how the conflict was going . "  Every new technology gives those at home , or for that matter in the war rooms , a different way -LSB- to see -RSB- and perhaps a larger perspective on what 's out there , " said Susan Moeller , director of the University of Maryland 's International Center for Media and the Public Agenda . "  In Vietnam , you might have had two or three networks out there covering it -- you could count on your fingers the number of perspectives on what was going on , " she said . "  Today , you have the ability to literally have hundreds , if not hundreds of thousands , of perspectives from people not only of different geographical perspectives , but also from different cultural and philosophical perspectives . " Moeller said online networking sites like Twitter and Facebook have "  come into flowering " since even the most recent world events , like natural disasters or political upheavals , that have garnered widespread attention . The growing number of people becoming Web-savvy makes the online networks more powerful , she said . "  It 's not just the half-dozen geeks that used to be part of the HAM radio network , but millions of people have figured out how to sign up at Facebook and can get to -LSB- opposition candidate Mir Hossein -RSB- Moussavi 's Facebook site . " Sarah Jaffe , a blogger and self-professed "  new media geek " living in New York , is among those who have tuned in to the action in Iran through online media . In a blog Thursday titled , "  Iran Protests : It 's not about Twitter , it 's not about us , " she noted the important role the Internet has played in spreading the word and engaging the public . But at the end of the day , she said , the online tools are just that -- tools . And the real story is the massive , nonvirtual movement in Iran . "  I love Twitter and all that stuff ... but it 's not all about us , " she said to CNN Thursday . "  We would n't be paying attention on Twitter if it were not for thousands and possibly millions of people in the street . " Helping free up Internet access for Iranians creates a way for people all over the world to show support for those protesters from the comfort of their own homes , Shirky said . "  One of the easy criticisms to make of people on Facebook and Twitter is , ` You 're changing your avatar picture to green -LSB- the color Moussavi supporters wear -RSB- . Is n't that sweet ? How pointless , " he said . "  But one of the things that emboldens people turning out in the streets is visible evidence that there 's an audience outside their immediate area . " The online activism does raise some unanswered questions , though , according to Shirky . He said some of them are troubling . He noted that some of the Americans working to help Iranian dissidents fight their own government were among those who criticized former U.S. President George W. Bush for pushing for regime change in neighboring Iraq . "  It 's a kind of civilian diplomacy , " he said . "  The regime will certainly use this as evidence of American meddling and it is American meddling , " he said . "  It 's just not meddling by the American state . " The anonymity of online citizen journalism also presents problems for people trying to process the news . While some bloggers and frequent users of networking sites have become trusted names among followers of news out of Iran , it can be otherwise difficult to figure out who the source of a piece of information is . "  It puts a demand on the person at home to make sense of it , " Moeller said . "  And to be able to add some context and so forth . " Suspicion of intentional misinformation from the Iranian government also has rippled through the networks . For example , a Twitter user claiming to be an Iranian student was posting misinformation Wednesday -- including a report that demonstrations had been canceled -- and listed a phone number for a supposed safe house for protesters . And while it 's impossible to deny the game-changing impact the Internet is having on the Iranian situation , there 's no guarantee it will help topple Iran 's hard-line leadership , according to Moeller . "  It does n't mean we 're going to see the brand new day of Iran dawning , " she said . "  But the technology is there to stay . You ca n't pull the plug on the Internet . "	Experts on Iran : Online world is watching , acting Foreign activists have been key in helping Iran 's dissidents spread word Future impact of "  civilian diplomacy " online is unknown , expert says Despite its power , no sure thing Internet will bring change in Iran
CNN  For the first time ever , we 're getting a live-action "  Star Wars " movie without the man who composed the "  Star Wars " theme . "  Star Wars : Rogue One , " the recently-announced "  Star Wars " spinoff movie starring Felicity Jones , will not include the soaring music of Oscar winner John Williams . Williams originally scored "  Star Wars " and every other episode since then , including the upcoming "  Force Awakens " later this year . However , composer Alexandre Desplat has revealed that he will be working on 2016 's "  Rogue One . " The film 's director , Gareth Edwards , worked with Desplat last year on "  Godzilla . " A "  Star Wars " movie without that iconic Williams sound is certainly something that fans will have to get used to , and Desplat has a big job ahead of him . Williams ' work will also be absent from the next Steven Spielberg movie , "  Bridge of Spies , " it was announced this week . For the past three decades , Williams has scored every single Spielberg film , but the new movie , starring Tom Hanks and due out October 16 , will be scored by Thomas Newman , best known for the score of "  American Beauty . " Movie studio DreamWorks attributed Williams ' absence to a "  minor health issue , since corrected . " Williams ' best known non - "  Star Wars " music is almost entirely from Spielberg films , including "  Jaws , " "  Raiders of the Lost Ark , " "  E.T. . The Extra Terrestrial " and "  Jurassic Park . " Another upcoming Spielberg movie , "  The BFG , " will include a Williams score .	Oscar-winning composer John Williams steps aside from 2016 's "  Star Wars : Rogue One " Williams will also be absent on Steven Spielberg 's next movie , for the first time in three decades Williams ' music will still be heard on "  Star Wars : The Force Awakens " in December
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A man who tried to swim across a river to North Korea was killed by a rain of bullets fired at him by South Korean soldiers , a military official said . The shooting took place Monday afternoon at the heavily fortified border that separates the two Koreas . The South Korean man managed to get past a barbed wire fence by the bank of the Imjin River , which flows through part of the Demilitarized Zone between the two countries , and then jumped into the water with a Styrofoam float , Brig. Gen. Cho Jong-sul said Tuesday . "  We kept warning him verbally to come back to land , " Cho said at a news conference . "  The river was only about 800 meters wide where he jumped in . It would n't have taken long for him to swim across with the float . It was a very tense situation . " When the man failed to heed the warnings , the entire unit of about 30 soldiers began firing at him . "  Several hundred shots were fired , " Cho said . Asked whether this was a reasonable response , he said , "  It is a regulation to shoot anyone who does not respond to the command and tries to escape in the controlled area . " Defections to North unusual The two Koreas are technically still at war after the all-out conflict they fought between 1950 and 1953 ended in a truce rather than a peace treaty . Their border is considered to be the most heavily fortified in the world . Authorities said the man 's surname was Nam but declined to disclose any other details about him beyond his nationality . The case is still being investigated , Cho said . Several South Korean news outlets reported that Nam was in his 40s . While tens of thousands of people have managed to flee to South Korea from the authoritarian regime in the North -- mostly through China -- defections in the other direction are very rare . Cho did n't say whether there had been any similar cases previously . The South Korean news agency Yonhap reported that this was the first shooting of this kind of somebody apparently trying to defect to North Korea . In 2009 , the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency trumpeted the defection of a South Korean , Kang Tong-rim , who it said crossed the eastern part of the border . But South Korean authorities said he was fleeing police who wanted him for an assault incident . North and South Korea reopen Kaesong Industrial Complex After 40 years in North Korea , escapee returns to Seoul	NEW : About 30 soldiers fired "  several hundred shots , " a military official says NEW : The man ignored repeated warnings to turn back , he says The man jumped into the Imjin River at the border with a float and began swimming Attempts to defect from South Korea to the North are rare
CNN  -- In warm weather , the sound of music is everywhere -- in parks , at waterfronts and blasting from car radios . Like food , music is different  and often better  when sampled alfresco . It 's not just a matter of acoustics : cool breezes , newly cut grass and open skies stimulate all the senses , heightening the total experience . A truly memorable encounter , though , means quality music performed in an inspiring setting . Across the United States and abroad , summertime heralds festivals and concert series in venues ranging from romantic to regal . Find the right outdoor concert and you 're sure to remember it as a highlight of your year . Here are eight places to let the music move you . Red Rocks Amphitheatre Morrison , Colorado Even legendary entertainers should worry about this spectacular venue upstaging them . The Amphitheatre , opened in 1941 , incorporates the natural formations of red sandstone in Red Rocks Park , 15 miles west of Denver . As if the geology alone was n't dazzling enough , the region 's typically clear skies mean concertgoers can expect to gaze up at sparkling stars . 6 hot resorts for adults only The Amphitheatre is open year-round ; in summer , the schedule is packed with acts of every genre . Among artists appearing this year are Keith Urban , The Avett Brothers , Bruno Mars , The National and Josh Groban with the Colorado Symphony . Tickets can be purchased through Ticketmaster . Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts Katonah , New York Wealthy New Yorkers Walter and Lucie Rosen established the Caramoor estate in Westchester County as a weekend getaway in the 1920s . The Mediterranean-style villa designed by Walter Rosen reflected their love of Italian culture ; their affinity for music was expressed in intimate concerts they hosted there . In 1946 three public concerts were held on the estate ; they became Caramoor 's Summer Music Festival , which has grown in scope and fame in the decades since . Airports where architecture soars The festival 's program includes classical , opera , jazz , roots and Broadway music ; this year it opens June 22 and runs until August 7 , with events happening most days . Concerts are held indoors and out , so when purchasing tickets on the venue 's website look for events in the Spanish Courtyard or Venetian Theater , or on the picnic lawns , where you can spread a blanket and have a meal . Emmylou Harris and Rodney Crowell are playing in the Venetian Theater on July 13 . Deer Valley Resort Park City , Utah Once the snow melts and the skiers go home , Deer Valley turns up the lights on its Snow Park Outdoor Amphitheater , where the Deer Valley Music Festival sends melodies ringing through the Wasatch Mountains twilight . It 's part of a very busy "  off season " in Park City , where relatively cool summers are ideal for hiking , mountain biking , and other outdoor activities . The festival runs from late June to the middle of August ; its summer lineup pairs the Utah Symphony with acts like the Indigo Girls , Mandy Patinkin and Steve Martin with The Steep Canyon Rangers and Edie Brickell . Tickets can be purchased from the Abravanel Hall Ticket Office , 1-801-533-6683 , or through ArtTix . Millennium Park Chicago This section of Chicago 's historic Grant Park opened in 2004 and showcases some of the best urban design and public art in the country . The Grant Park Music Festival is held in the Frank Gehry-designed Pritzker Pavilion ; other intriguing features include "  Cloud Gate , " the already-iconic sculpture inspired by liquid mercury and nicknamed The Bean , and the Crown Fountain , which combines video images with running water . The festival draws top classical musicians from around the world to join the Grant Park Orchestra and Chorus on the shores of Lake Michigan . Dating back to the Great Depression , the Grant Park Music Festival is free and runs June-August . This year 's performers include violinist Stefan Jackiw and pianist Valentina Lisitsa . 5 spectacular art fair cities The Gorge Amphitheatre George , Washington As the Columbia River rolls majestically through central Washington State , it passes The Gorge Amphitheatre , beautifully located with views of the river valley and the Cascade foothills beyond . Take time to marvel at the landscape and its hues of green , brown and blue by reserving a spot at the on-site campground -- or "  glamping "  a camping alternative for the less rugged among us  in a rustic cottage . The Gorge hosts big name contemporary acts and festivals of various genres . In late June , the two-day Paradiso Festival will feature DJ headliners Kaskade and Ti "  sto . Tickets for all events can be purchased through Live Nation . Camping : Horror or bliss ? The Greek Theatre Los Angeles Set amid the trees of Griffith Park in the heart of L.A. , The Greek Theatre has garnered plenty of fame over its 84-year history . In 1972 Neil Diamond recorded "  Hot August Night " here , the album that he said made his career . Nicholas Stoller 's 2010 film "  Get Him to the Greek " assumed everyone would know the landmark referred to in its title . The Greek 's season runs from May through October , with a variety of genres represented . This summer 's lineup has a nostalgic flavor , with acts like Cyndi Lauper , LL Cool J , and Jethro Tull 's Ian Anderson appearing . Tickets can be purchased through Ticketmaster . The places where masterpieces are born Gendarmenmarkt Square Berlin Dominated by two cathedrals and a magnificent concert house , Berlin 's Gendarmenmarkt Square seems purpose-built for the performance of sumptuous music . Since shortly after the fall of the Wall , that 's exactly what it has hosted over a long weekend each summer . Concerts in the Classic Open Air Festival begin at 7:30 p.m. , so you can watch the sun set to the strains of Vivaldi or Wagner . This year 's festival runs for five consecutive nights , July 4-8 . The program includes baroque , opera and pop , with fireworks on opening night and a light and laser show on July 6 . Tickets can be purchased at Ticketmaster Germany . Princes Street Gardens Edinburgh , Scotland Beneath the rocky splendor of Edinburgh Castle lies Princes Street Gardens , site of the Edinburgh International Festival 's concluding Fireworks Concert . The Scottish Chamber Orchestra provides the accompaniment to a colorful pyrotechnic display , and this is the spot from which to see and hear the extravaganza . The elegant park also hosts a lively carnival on July 21 as part of the Edinburgh Jazz and Blues Festival . This year 's Fireworks Concert is on September 1 . Tickets may be purchased online or by calling 44-131/473 -2000	Beautiful music with an outdoor setting to match is one of summer 's ca n't - misses Colorado 's Red Rocks Amphitheatre is one of the United States ' most stunning venues The Pritzker Pavilion in Chicago 's Millennium Park marries architecture and acoustics
ELLE  -- "  I took all my Ted Cruz posters down before you came over , " declares Carrie Brownstein , leaning against the arched doorframe of her Portland dining room . ELLE : 21 imaginary tv couples we wish were real Brownstein 's delivery is thoroughly deadpan , but anyone even mildly familiar with the 39-year-old would know the claim could n't be dripping with more sarcasm . After all , along with co-star Fred Armisen , Brownstein -- founding member of riot grrrl cult band Sleater-Kinney and , more recently , Wild Flag -- has made a second career out of portraying a constituent of the kale-eating , craft-beer-drinking , lumberjack-shirt-wearing , jewelry-making crowd on "  Portlandia . " ELLE : What 's behind Portlandia 's comedy chemistry ? While the locally filmed show , which returned for a fourth season on IFC in February , has made the Washington state native something of a hometown hero in her adopted city , she 's quick to point out that Portland was merely a convenient backdrop for the series . "  Portlandia is n't as much about a place as it is about a state of mind , " says Brownstein . "  It 's about people who like to feel special , who like to believe that this certain thing has been tailor-made just for them , of which I 'm definitely guilty too , at times . " ELLE : 9 TV actresses who deserve a raise Given the show 's penchant for incredibly nuanced observations of hipster culture -- municipal recycling guidelines are enough fodder for an entire sketch -- it should come as no surprise that Brownstein was equally committed to detail when it came to decorating the 1912 bungalow she bought in the trendy Grant Park neighborhood 10 years ago after touring extensively . ELLE : A different way of thinking about lena dunham 's nudity in ` Girls ' Brownstein filled the place with sentimental , one-of-a-kind finds : A taxidermied weasel once owned by Amy Sedaris sits on the mantel ; '50s - era coastal landscapes by various local artists fill the walls ; and a record collection $ " which , in Brownstein 's case , is several thousand vinyls strong and meticulously alphabetized by artist $ " testifies that yes , this is a hipster home . ELLE : 21 vintage photos of hollywood couples on the red carpet All in all , the spread is not unlike the one Carrie 's Portlandia alter ego inhabits . Hard-core fans may recognize Brownstein 's real-life mutts from the now infamous episode about dog parks . Armisen , whom she met in 2003 at a "  Saturday Night Live " after-party , is clearly her partner in crime in real life , too : The comedian , who rents a house nearby during filming , texts Brownstein in the middle of her ELLE shoot to let her know that Lou Reed has died .  A fellow musician , Armisen is also a frequent guest in Brownstein 's basement -- a soundproof practice space tricked out with a loungy Chesterfield sofa and no fewer than five guitars . ELLE : 11 items every fashionable woman should have by 30 Of course , inhabiting the blurred line between reality and fiction can have its downsides . A particular source of consternation for Brownstein is one of the show 's most famous skits -- "  Put a Bird on It " -- which depicts an artisan couple with a compulsive knack for putting a cutesy bird on virtually everything they make . "  Now I go into stores and see things I want to buy with birds on it , and I ca n't , because I 'm too self-conscious , " Brownstein says . "  The other day , I was in a store and saw a cute dress with birds on it and I was like , ` No , I just ca n't . ' " Reprinted with permission of Hearst Communications , Inc. .	Rocker turned "  Portlandia " star Carrie Brownstein shows off her Portland bungalow A basement full of guitars is a favorite spot for Brownstein and co-star Fred Armisen Brownstein is burned out on cutsy bird silhouettes , thanks to an episode of "  Portlandia "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush condemned the escalated violence between Russia and U.S.-backed Georgia on Sunday , while Vice President Dick Cheney said aggression against Georgia "  must not go unanswered . " President Bush chats with Russian Prime Minister Vladmir Putin at the start of the Olympic opening ceremonies . "  My administration has been engaged with both sides of this trying to get a ceasefire , " Bush told NBC 's Bob Costas in an interview in Beijing , China , where the president has attended Olympic events . Bush was filmed speaking to Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during Friday 's opening ceremonies and said Sunday that he "  was firm with Vladimir Putin " and that "  this violence is unacceptable . " Violence has continued to rage between Russia and the western ally since Thursday , when Georgia launched an operation to crack down on separatists in South Ossetia territory . Russia said it wanted to protect its peacekeepers already in South Ossetia following ceasefires in years past . But Georgia called it a full-on invasion . And while Russia has accused Georgia of a genocidal plot to cleanse the region of ethnic Ossetians loyal to Russia , Georgia accuses Russia of executing a long-planned war with the aim of taking control of the region -- including a key pipeline that carries Asian oil to Black Sea ports . "  I expressed my grave concern about the disproportionate response of Russia , " Bush said of his talk with Putin . "  We strongly condemn bombing outside of South Ossetia . " Putin says he 's concerned about the flood of refugees arriving in Russia from South Ossetia . Russian officials said more than 30,000 refugees have left South Ossetia and crossed into Russia over the past two days , Interfax reported . "  The actions of the Georgian authorities in South Ossetia are a crime , of course , primarily a crime against their own people , " Putin said , according to Russian news agency Interfax . Meanwhile , Cheney talked to Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili on Sunday , telling him that Russia 's aggression against Georgia "  must not go unanswered . " Cheney 's spokeswoman Lea Ann McBride said the vice president spoke to Saakashvili to express "  the United States ' solidarity with the Georgian people and their democratically elected government in the face of this threat to Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . " Georgia withdrew its forces Sunday and offered a ceasefire , which Russia refused . "  The vice president told President Saakashvili that Russian aggression must not go unanswered , and that its continuation would have serious consequences for its relations with the United States , as well as the broader international community , " McBride said . Saakashvili has called on the United States and the world community to stop the "  intervention and invasion of my sovereign country . " "  I think the U.S. is the most powerful country in the world , " he told CNN . "  I think the U.S. has lots of leverage . And I think there are lots of diplomatic means that it could be done through . " Two senior officials have told CNN the United States sent envoy Matt Bryza to the region to help with mediation .	NEW : Bush says he was "  firm " with Putin and that the "  violence is unacceptable " Vice President Dick Cheney said Russian aggression "  must not go unanswered " Violence has continued to rage between Russia and western ally Georgia
CNN  -- In a time when the NFL has come under scrutiny in how it punishes its players , players and fans likely will be monitoring to see how Commissioner Roger Goodell might punish one of his own bosses -- an NFL team owner . Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay pleaded guilty Tuesday to one misdemeanor count of operating a vehicle while intoxicated , according to CNN affiliate WRTV . Irsay also received one year probation and will continue treatment . He will also have to pay $ 368.50 in court costs . It 's anticipated that Goodell -- who works for the team owners -- could discipline Irsay before the start of the regular season now that the legal process is complete . The Colts are at the Denver Broncos on Sunday night . Irsay did not comment when he left the Hamilton County courthouse Tuesday . He said when arriving at the courthouse that he appreciated the love and support he 's gotten and promised he 'd have a statement later in the day . On March 16 , Irsay was arrested and charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated and possession of a controlled substance . At the time of the arrest , police said they found prescription drugs in pill bottles . Police said the drugs were not associated with any prescription bottles in the vehicle . According to courtroom evidence , Irsay had the painkillers oxycodone and hydrocodone in his system when he was arrested . The probable cause affidavit indicates that the Colts owner 's speech was "  slow and slurred , " his eyes were "  red and glassy " and his balance was "  very unsteady . " He failed a number of field sobriety tests , had trouble reciting the alphabet and told an officer "  that he was having a hard time finding his house . " The following day , the Colts said in a statement that Irsay voluntarily reported to a rehabilitation facility . Irsay has previously said that he has struggled with addiction in the past . Irsay is the first National Football League owner to have faced criminal charges since Eddie DeBartolo of the San Francisco 49ers was indicted on federal racketeering charges in 1997 . It remains to be seen how Goodell will handle the Irsay case . The NFL 's Personal Conduct Policy states that it applies to all league personnel , including owners . The personal conduct policy also states that a first offense generally will not result in discipline until there has been a disposition of the proceeding . This is Irsay 's first offense . There have been varied punishments doled out in recent NFL discipline rulings against players . Cleveland Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon has been suspended for the season for violating the league 's substance abuse policy . San Francisco 49ers linebacker Aldon Smith has been suspended for nine games for violating the substance abuse and personal conduct policy . Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice was suspended for two games after his arrest for domestic violence against his then-fianc  e , who is now his wife , Janay . Currently pending is the case against 49ers defensive tackle Ray McDonald , who was arrested Sunday on felony domestic violence charges . Goodell announced last week that the league was instituting a six-game unpaid ban for personnel who violate the league 's policy on domestic violence . A second domestic violence incident would be punished by a lifetime ban from the league , Goodell said in a letter and memo to the owners of the league 's 32 teams . The NFL had endured relentless criticism after only suspending Rice for two games , several months after video showed Rice dragging his unconscious fianc  e from an elevator . Without referring to Rice by name , Goodell acknowledged in his letter that he made the wrong decision in that case . "  I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better . And we will , " he wrote . Irsay enters treatment after arrest	Irsay will pay court costs , has one year probation The Colts owner was arrested March 16 , he failed field sobriety tests , police say NFL commissioner recently increased penalties for some offenses
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- The Japanese government lodged a protest with the Chinese government Monday about the alleged presence of Chinese patrol boats near disputed territory , according to Japanese media . Japanese naval authorities spotted two Chinese patrol boats late Sunday near islands that have been at the center of recent diplomatic tensions , Japan 's Kyodo News Agency reported Monday . Both countries claim sovereign rights to the islands called the Senkaku Islands in Japanese and the Diaoyu Islands in Chinese . The boats were in Japan 's "  contiguous zone " but did not cross into Japanese territorial waters , Kyodo reported , sourcing Japan 's coast guard . But Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshito Sengoku said in the protest message to China that seeing Chinese patrol boats made his government feel "  uncomfortable , " according to Kyodo . China 's foreign ministry has claimed that its boats ' patrols are both legal and based on need . Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshito Sengoku said Monday that Japan will step up its monitoring activities around the Islands , according to Kyodo . Japan will add six submarines to its current fleet of 16 during the next four years as it sees increased naval activity from Asian neighbor China , according to news reports from Tokyo last week . Diplomatic tensions peaked in September after Japanese authorities arrested a Chinese fishing captain near the islands and detained him for more than two weeks . The battle escalated into diplomatic threats by Beijing , the suspension of diplomatic talks and canceled trips between the nations . High level military talks between the two powers that had been suspended over the row restarted October 11 but with little talk about islands , because it was "  not very productive , " as one Japanese defense official said . Japanese opposition politicians have called for Internet search engine Google to drop the Chinese name from its maps and were quickly joined by Japan 's foreign ministry . Anti-Japan protesters in China turned violent over a week ago , vandalizing Japanese businesses and cars . On Monday , the Chinese Embassy in Tokyo received an envelop containing a bullet and a protest document , Kyodo reported -- the second such protest this month . China and Taiwan have began aggressively challenging Japan 's claims to the islands in 2003 , according to the CIA World Factbook , as well as to surrounding seas , "  where all parties engage in hydrocarbon prospecting . "	Chinese patrols make Japan 's government "  uncomfortable " Japanese media reports patrols did not cross into Japanese territorial waters Japanese diplomatic protest comes a week after raucous anti-Japan protests in China
CNN  -- A small Polish wild horse that was used in Nazi experiments during the 1930s has become the center of wetland regeneration efforts across parts of Europe . The rare Konik breed is one of Poland 's least known ecological exports and is believed to be descended from the Tarpan ; a prehistoric horse that roamed wild in Europe until the end of the 19th century and whose last known individual died in a Russian zoo in 1909 . Marek Borkowski , President of the Biaowiea Forest Trust , says the group 's breeding program has helped to stock reserves in Britain , France , Germany and the Netherlands with small herds that graze on the woody stems of invasive bushes allowing indigenous growth to re-establish itself -- sometimes after decades and even centuries of agricultural use . "  Once farming stopped in these marshlands , bush began to grow , which limits the habitat for many marshland birds that need the open space , " says Borkowski . "  The horses graze on the bark and seedlings of these bushes , which limits its growth , allowing the marshland to survive . " Borkowski says that the horses mirror the natural fauna that would have roamed the area in prehistoric times , helping to return land to its pristine condition . "  They are the closest breed to the original wild horse of Europe -- the type we see painted on caves in Spain and France 20,000 years ago , " he says . "  But because of Neolithic farming they were pushed out of most Europe except for small pockets in Poland , Russia and the Ukraine . " Send in your photos from Poland In one of the strangest stories of pre-war Poland , the Konik came to the attention of biologists in the 1930s who saw that horses in the Biaowiea forest in Poland retained certain features of the Tarpan . Polish biologist Tadeusz Vetulani noticed that semi-wild horses used by peasants in Bialowieza Forest displayed the Tarpan 's mousey dun color , their coats turning to white in winter , another Tarpan characteristic . While many regard America 's mustang or the Australian brumby as a wild horse , zoologists say that strictly speaking these are really feral domesticated horses . Vetulani launched a re-breeding program , mating horses with strong Tarpan-like characteristics , in an attempt to regain the lost breed of horse . At the same time , the breed came to the attention of Lutz Heck , the director of Berlin Zoo who , along with his brother Heinz , the head of the Munich Zoo , began a re-breeding program . Heck was a committed Nazi and zoologist whose efforts to "  re-breed " extinct species such as the prehistoric ancestor to the modern cow the Aurochs , received support from senior Nazis such as Hermann Goering . While the re-breeding of extinct species by mating animals of similar characteristics is regarded as impossible by modern science , the Nazis experimented with a program aimed at resurrecting prehistoric animals that reflected Nazi claims to racial purity . When the Nazis invaded Poland in 1939 , many of the horses in the breeding program of Vetulani were stolen and brought to Germany . The horses met a grisly end , most probably eaten by a hungry populace , along with many of the animals in Berlin and Munich zoos , in the closing stages of the Second World War . "  The best animals were taken to Germany and we do n't know exactly what happened to them . It was only after the Second World War we started from scratch again , " says Borkowski . "  The Nazis did n't take all the animals , " he says . "  They did n't know the war would end the way it ended so they only took the best specimens . Later , well of course , they were busy with other things so there were still some horses left . " Bison thrive in primeval Polish forests John Wilson , the nature warden for Blean Woods at Kent Wildlife Trust , says the Konik -- first introduced to Britain in 1995 -- has been an instant hit with ecologists and conservationists . "  We 've currently got them on the site of an old dairy ; land which we say has been ` agriculturally improved ' with herbicide or fertilizers , " he says . "  That lush green grass , however , makes it more difficult for the rarer , more specialized plants to flourish and eventually they disappear . " The Konik are perfectly adapted to a variety of harsh environments , from wetlands to open forests , requiring little veterinary care for problems such as hoof rot that might afflict other horse breeds in similarly wet conditions . The grazing is introduced to take the nutrients out of the ground to take it back to a state where it 's unimproved , " says Wilson . "  That takes a lot of time and a lot of grazing . " Green hay from sites where indigenous plants grow is then spread on the site after grazing in the hope that some of the native species will establish themselves in the soil . The horses breed well and flourish without the need for the kind of intervention that so fascinated Nazi scientists , says Wilson . "  The Nazis were very interested in the whole idea of racial purity , " he adds . "  It seems it did n't just extend to human being , but to beasts as well . "	Rare konik breed of pony revived in Poland and exported across Europe Related to the Tarpan , a prehistoric horse that once roamed the continent Nazis were interested in the Polish horse because of purity of breed Konik ponies thought to be hardy and help ecosystems return to natural state
The last Paris Motor Show was marked by tear gas and workers ' violent protests against job cuts . Now , the mood is different and industry bosses are back doing what they prefer : Showing off the latest luxury models , supercars and hybrid motors . Among the most anticipated cars at this week 's event -- one of the biggest dates in the car enthusiast 's diary -- will be a plug-in hybrid Lamborghini , Ferrari 458 Speciale , Mercedes AMG GT , and a five-door MINI . Manufacturers will unveil around 100 new models and designs , three times more than at the last show two years ago . Europe , while still fragile , has shaken off the financial crisis and the auto industry has seen a 6 % boost in car sales so far this year , to 8.3 million . It 's the largest increase since the crisis began in 2007 . Recovery faces hurdles European sales were badly damaged by the recession , as people who already owned a vehicle put off buying a new one to cut their spending . New car registrations plummeted throughout Europe , with its most troubled economies facing the biggest drops : Registrations declined 80 % in Greece , 57 % in Spain and 53 % in Portugal . But as sales have picked up , geopolitical pressures have put the industry under renewed strain . The West 's trade war with Russia has had a significant knock-on effect , and sales are expected to slow in the year 's final months . Before the Ukraine crisis , Russia was tracking to become Europe 's largest car market , expected to surpass the UK and Germany by 2016 . Instead , analysts expect that sales this year will decline between 8 % and 12 % this year . Latest monthly figures , from the Association of European Businesses , show sales in Russia plummeted 25.8 % in August compared to last year . Efficiency first While recent gains have lent an upbeat atmosphere to this year 's show , long-terms trends make for miserable reading . Car sales in Europe are nearly one fifth below the peak of late 2000s , and manufacturers are being forced to look for new growth areas . More efficient , hybrid and electric cars are seen as central to growth and a "  technology race " is underway between European brands , according to Felix Kuhnert , PWC 's head of European automotive industry division . New , "  greener " hybrid models are expected to be among the show 's most coveted creations . Lamborghini is unveiling its first ever plug-in hybrid supercar , the 910 horsepower Asterion , which boasts a V10 engine and three electric motors . Japanese luxury brand Infiniti will reveal plans for its flagship sedan , the hybrid Infiniti Q80 . Jaguar will premier its XE , the most fuel-efficient of its stable to date . And Porsche is bringing a new plug-in hybrid version of its premium SUV Cayenne . European manufacturers are plunging money into research and development initiatives towards alternative drivetrains , lightweight construction , and other efficiency technologies , as they bid to attract new customers , Kuhner said . According to Kuhnert , the "  old and inefficient " cars clogging up Europe 's highways will be replaced "  as soon as the economic outlook in each country becomes more positive . " Focus on Asia Industry focus has also turned to Asia , as the middle classes boom and spending power increases . China is proving an attractive market for car manufacturers , despite concerns around the introduction of quotas and restrictions on new car registrations to combat pollution . The numbers are impressive : BMW sales in China were up 23 % in the first half of 2014 , pushing the group 's sales in the period to 1 million . But the growth in Asia will not be driven by China alone . Sales in Indonesia and Thailand are increasing with Indonesia 's new car sales doubling between 2007 and 2012 and staying strong since . Many car makers have also moved parts of their production to Asia , in a bid to cut costs by producing where they sell .	Paris Motor Show kicks off as car giants take the stage to present new models Focus will be on greener and more efficient cars , as manufacturers try to capture new customers European car market shows signs of recovery , but Asia remains the growth center
CNN  -- One day last September , I stumbled upon an article about retired NFL linemen who were struggling with their weight . A study mentioned in the article showed the life expectancy for those former linemen was significantly shorter than their normal weight peers . It made sense : How many older people do you know who are 6-foot-3 and weigh more than 350 pounds ? People that size do n't really grow old . I had already decided that I needed to make some lifestyle changes regarding my own health . But as a former football player , reading that article hit me hard . My first course of action was to buy a scale ; I had n't been on an accurate one in years . The scale in my doctor 's office would only go up to 350 pounds . Just to be safe I looked for a scale that had a maximum of 400 pounds . I set the scale on my bathroom floor , and exhaled as much air as I could as I stood on it . The next few seconds were followed by a rush of emotions -- shock , disbelief , frustration and anger . I weighed 383 pounds . How did I get to this point ? As I looked back on the previous few years , I realized that I was not a happy person . Within a year 's time , I had turned 40 , become a single father and lost my biggest supporter : my mom . I was disappointed in the direction my personal and professional life was taking . And I was using food to cope . My name is Ron , and I am a food addict I used to read a poem to my student athletes that said , "  You ca n't fool the guy in the mirror . " But yet that is what I had been trying to do . I thought I was destined to be a large individual for the rest of my life , and I questioned my ability to lose a significant amount weight at my age . The self doubt was prevalent in my mind . The more I felt sorry for myself , the more I ate . It was a vicious cycle . I realized that this decision to change my life was about more than just losing weight . I had to lose my inner critic . I had to lose the ropes that were tying me to the past . More importantly , I had to lose this black cloud hanging over my head . I had only myself to blame , and I knew I was the only one who could fix it . Exercise quickly replaced food as my comfort in life . Where I once turned to fast food in times of stress and frustration , I instead found myself going to the gym . The more I exercised , the more weight started to drop off . From a minute to a mile : Learning to run It was a slow climb out of the personal hole I was in , but I found that eating right and exercising were the best remedies to change my outlook on life . When I got to the 50-pound milestone , I decided to look at my wardrobe . I had a closet full of bad memories and BIG clothes . For instance , I had a shirt that I wore to my 25th high school reunion . I hated it when I saw pictures of how heavy I looked in it . So why did I keep it ? I did n't have to think twice now about giving it away . It took at least two hours to finish cleaning out the closet . When I was done , I had five heaping garbage bags full of clothes . It was a gratifying experience to lose that much clutter from my life . The best part came when someone asked if they could take those clothes off my hands . I shared my story with that person when he picked them up . Maybe he 'll be giving them away again in the near future . I firmly believe that if I can make these lifestyle changes , that anyone can . We all have something to lose . More from Mike : Why I gave up soda	Mike Wilber knew he had to lose weight -- and self doubt Wilber has lost 50 pounds by exercising and throwing out some emotional baggage Follow Mike 's journey training for a triathlon on Twitter @TriHardMike
CNN  -- South African pair Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel put their Augusta disappointments behind them to impress in the opening round of the Malaysian Open Thursday . Schwartzel finished 18 shots off the pace in his defense of the U.S. Masters crown , handing over the Green Jacket to Bubba Watson , who beat Oosthuizen in a dramatic playoff Sunday . Shrugging off jet lag after a 30-hour journey from Georgia to Kuala Lumpur , Schwartzel powered to an eight-under 64 to claim the first day lead . Oosthuizen , so close to winning a second major title until denied by Watson 's brilliance , produced an excellent 66 to be tied for third . "  Louis and I got off to a good fast start at the beginning and it is always nice when there are a couple of you in the group playing well and pulling each other a long a bit , " Schwartzel told the official European Tour website . "  Louis is playing so well right that it is impressive to watch and helped me on , " he added . Oosthuizen conjured up six birdies and an eagle to continue the fine form he displayed in the first major of the season . "  It was a long haul getting here , " he said . "  I think me and Charl knew the first round , concentration levels wo n't be great , but we did well . "  I knew the swing was still good . It was just adapting to the weather and the green speed , but I putted beautifully again today and hope to keep it going for the week . " Schwartzel is seeking his first win since claiming the 2011 Masters title and has a one-shot lead over India 's Jeev Milka Singh . Oosthuizen is bracked with American Jason Knutzon and India 's Jyoti Randhawa . Defending champion Matteo Manassero of Italy and seventh-ranked Martin Kaymer of Germany both shot two under par rounds of 70 to stay in contention . On the PGA Tour , world number one Luke Donald made a poor start to The Heritage tournament at Harbour Town in Hilton Head , carding a four-over-par 75 . Chad Campbell , Vaughn Taylor and Colt Knost shared the lead on four-under 67 .	Charl Schwartzel leads Malaysian Open with first round eight-under 64 Fellow South African Louis Oosthuizen shoots 66 after Augusta heroics Pair had 30-hour journey from Georgia to Kuala Lumpur No. 1 Luke Donald cards four-over 75 in opening round of The Heritage
CNN  -- The storied British soccer team Manchester United said Tuesday that it plans to raise about $ 100 million in an initial public offering of its shares in the United States . News reports last year had linked the club , where the England star Wayne Rooney plays , with a possible listing in Singapore . But in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission published Tuesday , Manchester United said it aimed to sell shares in the homeland of its American owners , the Glazer family . The team has one of the most powerful brands in world sport and has won 60 trophies in its 134-year history . But since the Glazers , who also own the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , bought the team in 2005 , it has accrued a high level of debt . Manchester United to sign Dortmund 's Japan star Kagawa Manchester United said in the filing Tuesday that it had generated revenue of 331.4 million pounds  $ 519 million  in the financial year ended June 2011 . But at the end of March this year , its total indebtedness stood at 423.3 million pounds  $ 663 million  . The club said it would use the proceeds from the planned share offering to pay off some of its debt . On the field , the team had an ultimately frustrating 2011-12 season . It lost out on the English Premier League title to its local rival , Manchester City , on the last day of the season , and failed to qualify from the group stage of the European Champions League . The SEC filing did not specify when the planned listing would take place . The filing described the maximum offering size of $ 100 million as "  estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee , " suggesting it could change in the future . Manchester City win Premier League title in thrilling finale CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Scott Spoerry contributed to this report .	The team belongs to the Glazer family , who also own the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Manchester United has a powerful brand but also a high level of debt The share offering is intended to pay off some of its debt , the club says
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Scientists have found what they described this week as the earliest oil paintings ever discovered . Afghan murals show oil painting was going on for centuries earlier in Asia than Europe . Murals found on cave walls in Afghanistan prove that painting with oil had been going on in Asia for centuries before artists used the technique in Europe , scientists said this week . Until now , art historians believed that oil painting started in Europe in the 15th century . Scientists found the murals in a network of caves where monks lived and prayed in the Afghan region of Bamiyan , according to a statement on the Web site of the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility , where the ancient paintings were analyzed . Until 2001 , two colossal 6th-century statues of Buddhas stood at the mouth of the caves . Then the Taliban , which then ruled Afghanistan , blew up the statues on the grounds that they were un-Islamic . The action drew international condemnation . Inside the caves , scientists found murals painted in the 7th century . They show images of Buddha in vermilion robes sitting cross-legged amid palm leaves and mythical creatures . In 12 of 50 caves , the murals were painted using drying oils -- perhaps from walnuts and poppy seeds -- the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility said . Its findings on the age of the oil paintings were published this week in The Journal of Analytical Atomic Spectrometry . "  This is the earliest clear example of oil paintings in the world , " said Yoko Taniguchi , leader of the team of scientists . Bamiyan , about 130 kilometers  80 miles  northwest of Kabul , was once a thriving center of commerce and Buddhism . The paintings , scientists say , were probably the work of artists who traveled along the Silk Road , the ancient trade route between China , across Central Asia 's desert to the West . The Taliban used dozens of explosives to demolish the Buddha statues in Bamiyan . Museums and governments around the world had hoped to save the two Buddhas , the earliest of which is thought to have been carved into sandstone cliffs in the third century A.D. . At heights of 53 meters and 36 meters , the statues were the tallest standing Buddhas in the world . Later in 2001 , U.S.-led forces toppled the Taliban following the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States . Now , the United Nations cultural agency , UNESCO , is trying to restore the bigger of the two statues . The task could take years . E-mail to a friend	Afghan cave murals show Asia oil painting pre-dates European Art found in caves in Bamiyan , central Afghanistan Hardline Taliban regime blew up giant Buddha statues in Bamiyan
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military formally handed authority over Baghdad 's "  Green Zone " to Iraqis on Thursday as new pacts governing the mission of international troops replaced a U.N. mandate . An Iraqi honor guard parades outside the former palace of Saddam Hussein in Baghdad on Thursday . Iraqi troops took over checkpoints around the heavily protected district , formally known as the International Zone , which houses Iraqi government offices and the U.S. Embassy . Saddam Hussein 's Republican Palace , which served as U.S. headquarters in Baghdad after the 2003 invasion that ousted Iraq 's longtime strongman , was among the facilities handed over in Thursday 's ceremony . "  This day is a great day in the history of the Iraqi people , " Iraqi military spokesman Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta said . Maj. Gen. David Perkins , a U.S. military spokesman , noted the significance of turning over the former Republican Palace . Watch what goes on in the "  Green Zone " " "  The palace was handed back to the Iraqi people , significant as symbol of the head of the government and a sign for increased sovereignty , " he said at a news conference with Atta . Thursday marked the first day of a U.S.-Iraqi pact that allows U.S. forces to remain in the country until 2011 , under tighter restrictions . Similar agreements have been signed with other coalition countries that remain in Iraq . A U.N. mandate that authorized international forces in the country expired Wednesday . Perkins said American troops will continue to fight alongside Iraqis -- "  but the Iraqis will be in the lead . " "  When you come up to a checkpoint , the Iraqis will check your identification . They will make the decision if you come in or go out , " he said . "  We will continue to be there to provide some technical capacity , to provide some mentoring , but you will see less and less American forces and more and more Iraqi forces -- and they will have the majority of the responsibility for making those key decisions which determine the security of the capital . " Iraq 's three-member Presidency Council ratified the new pact in December . Under the deal , U.S. troops will withdraw from Iraqi cities and towns by June 30 , and all American troops will leave the country by the end of 2011 , more than eight years after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Hussein . The agreement authorizes the "  temporary assistance " of U.S. forces but severely restricts their role . It requires Iraqi approval for all military operations and gives Iraqi courts the right to try U.S. troops and contractors for "  grave premeditated felonies . "	U.N. mandate authorizing foreign troop presence expired Wednesday New bilateral pact covers U.S. presence until 2011 U.S. troops to leave Iraqi cities by end of June
CNN  -- For the first time in history , slavery can be brought to an end . What 's more , we already know how to do it . Even if the cost of ending slavery were astronomical , we should do it -- but in fact the cost is surprisingly low . A number of forces have come together to create a unique moment . On one side there has been a recent rapid growth in the number of slaves worldwide . The population explosion , coupled with natural disasters , epidemic disease , civil war , grinding poverty , and especially government corruption , made millions of people vulnerable to slavery . The result is some 27 million people in slavery today . These are real slaves , controlled by violence , paid nothing , unable to walk away , and making fat profits for criminal slaveholders . Slaves are concentrated in South and Southeast Asia , across North and West Africa , and in South America , but virtually every country has slavery , and the U.S. is estimated to have 40,000 hidden slaves . Around the world , slaves do dirty , dangerous work , everything from agriculture to prostitution , and their lives are brutal and short . The lives of slaves have changed little over the centuries , but the price of slaves has collapsed to an all-time low . For all of history , slaves have been expensive capital investments , costing an average $ 45,000 in today 's dollars . Today the average price of a slave is $ 90 . This means slaves are disposable , so cheap it is not worth giving them medical care when they are sick or injured , and it 's easy to just dump them when they are used up . It is an ugly problem , but at the same time , everything has clicked into place to make the end of slavery possible . The current number of slaves , 27 million , is the smallest percentage of the global population ever . The $ 40 billion they produce each year is the smallest fraction of the global economy ever represented by slave labor . Read more about Kevin Bales at TED.com Slavery is illegal in every country and denounced in United Nations conventions . There is no support for slavery from moral authorities , religious or political groups . And no industry or economy is dependent on slavery . In fact , if slavery ended tomorrow , consumers would n't see any price increases . Slavery has been pushed to the criminal edges of our global society and to the very edge of its own extinction . There is no silver bullet that kills slavery , but over the past ten years an arsenal of effective responses has shown that you can end slavery and make communities slave-proof . One powerful vaccination against slavery is to make sure freed slaves build lives of economic stability . This means education , skill training , micro-finance , and citizenship -- all the things denied American ex-slaves in 1865 . Americans are still paying the price for their botched emancipation . Meanwhile , freed slaves given opportunities today generate economic growth through a "  freedom dividend . " The modern anti-slavery movement is growing rapidly , and freedom is coming to an ever-increasing number of slaves . The end of slavery is possible , but three things have to happen . First , governments have to keep the promises they made when they passed laws against slavery . The laws are on the books , but police are untrained and budgets are woefully inadequate . Second , the public needs to be aware that slavery is all around us , and that it can be brought to an end . Third , resources have to flow to those areas of the world where slavery is rife -- resources from international aid , charities , World Bank and IMF , and businesses . More funding is needed to provide for more anti-slavery workers . When it is done right , the results are spectacular . Take the village of Azad Nagar in northern India . All the families there were hereditary slaves in a stone quarry . All children worked , there was no school , and all women risked regular sexual assault by the slaveholders . A Free the Slaves partner organization sent in a community organizer who helped the families to stand up to their masters and renounce slavery . It was a tense and dangerous tactic , and at one point the slaveholders burnt down many of the huts where the families lived . After a few months , the crisis passed and the villagers embarked on new lives , many of them now running their own quarry . The children went to school and some ex-slaves even ran for elected office . Now in stable lives , it would take an armed invasion to push them back to slavery . If you would like to know more , visit http://www.freetheslaves.net/Page.aspx?pid=183 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Bales .	For the first time in history , it 's possible to end slavery , says Kevin Bales Economic trends have reduced the value of slaves and limited their usefulness , he says Bales : Education and skills training for freed slaves is crucial
CNN  Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds : pepper-spraying drones . Yashasvi Yadav , Senior Superintendent of police in Lucknow , northern India , told CNN the city 's force has bought four drones and is in the process of purchasing one more . "  The drones have been tested in controlled conditions , " he said . "  They have been very successful and will be used by the Lucknow police whenever there are violent protests or mob attacks . " The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray ; each drone costs between $ 9,560 and $ 19,300 , Yadav added . Views on the new measure are mixed , with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech -- an already contentious issue in India . Last month , the country failed to enforce a law that would allow authorities to arrest people who post offensive material on social media . Others believe the country could learn from events further afield . Some say this method of crowd control needs regulation too . Questions have also been raised as to why the police are resorting to aggression . "  While I think it is bound to fail if not be another scam in the making , it also shows the mindset of the administration to not use dialogue and mediation to solve problems but use authoritarian and forceful methods , " photojournalist Chirag Wakaskar in Mumbai told CNN . "  What they could do is start by having video surveillance in sensitive areas and have swifter justice . " Protests are a common occurrence in India , a country with a population of 1.2 billion ; Lucknow , the capital of the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , also used drone cameras to monitor crowds at a recent religious festival . As well as being used as a security measure in other cities including Delhi and Mumbai , the unmanned , airborne vehicles have been used in tiger hunts , disaster relief and criminal investigations -- and even pizza deliveries . Reports suggest that the drone surveillance will be officially launched by the Chief Minister of Lucknow , Akhilesh Yadav , later this month . Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report .	Police in Lucknow , northern India , have bought four drones to help control crowds The unmanned aerial vehicles are being fitted with cameras and pepper spray to subdue angry protesters Some Indians have questioned why police are resorting to "  authoritarian and forceful methods "
CNN  -- As yet another presidential election cycle ends , it 's a good time not only to tally wins and losses , but to reflect on the nature of the American political system and why it so often disappoints voters and presidents alike . Think of the extravagant hopes and promises that attended Barack Obama 's election in 2008 . Obama surely had good historical grounds for thinking that the seismic financial upheaval of 2009 presented him with opportunities to transform America for the better . And so it did , to a degree his own reelection campaign somewhat mysteriously chose not to emphasize , by creating the political space for major legislative victories like the Affordable Care Act and the Dodd-Frank financial reforms . But those achievements fell measurably short of candidate Obama 's aspirations , and were matched by precious few other initiatives that met the expectations arising from the 2008 campaign . Opinion : Five things Obama must do This time around a chastened Obama notably failed to offer a grand vision for the American future and instead contented himself with delegitimizing Mitt Romney and dwelling for the most part on small-bore issues . What is it about the American presidency , anyway ? Every four years , Americans become besotted with presidential politics . Indeed , in the media-marinated age of the "  perpetual campaign " the besotting has no fixed cycle , quadrennial or otherwise . Though for more than a century near majorities of eligible voters have not bothered to cast ballots in presidential elections , none today can escape the saturation news coverage , ubiquitous advertising , and relentless prattle of the chattering classes that attend the contest for the White House . No other country spends so much of its time choosing its top-level political leadership . The British and the Australians usually get the job done in less than six weeks . The French , as a rule , take no more than three . Canada 's longest campaign ever , in 1926 , lasted just 74 days . And no other people pour such vast buckets of money into their electioneering as the Americans -- some $ 6 billion in the current round . Perpetual presidential politicking is as American as apple pie -- and a darn sight more expensive . And as for the candidates , what makes them run ? In a nation long schooled to believe that any child can grow up to be president , an astonishing number of men of outsized ambition  and at least a few women  have taken the lesson to heart . News : Romney only prepared a victory speech They have devoted virtually their entire adult lives to seeking the presidency . They have plotted , maneuvered , schemed , bargained , cajoled , begged , exalted and often humiliated themselves in pursuit of the prize . Once in hand , the long-coveted office has sometimes made but more frequently broken them . Abraham Lincoln and Franklin D. Roosevelt , two examples of the relatively few presidents who can be counted as successful , largely realized their grandest aims -- though in both cases the presidency cost them their lives , one by assassination , the other through catastrophic overwork and consequent self-neglect . More often , in the case of otherwise accomplished and respected men , the presidency has merely cost them their reputations . For the likes of Ulysses Grant , Herbert Hoover and Lyndon Johnson -- each of them celebrated masters of their pre-presidential domains -- the presidency proved a career-killing heart-breaker . Sixteen hundred Pennsylvania Avenue has been the scene of many bitter disappointments , as well as some tragedies of epic , Shakespearean proportions . In light of that dispiriting history , why would anyone wish the travails of the presidency upon himself ? As President James Garfield put it in 1881 , after just a few months in office : "  My God ! What is there in this place that a man should ever want to get into it ? " Yet men have wanted it , desperately , including Mitt Romney and Barack Obama . Both of them might answer Garfield 's question by saying , simply , that the Oval Office is a matchless place from which to serve one 's country . But as Garfield and other presidents -- including Obama -- learned , the American presidency is a truly peculiar institution , with less power in actuality than folklore has it . The president and vice president are but two of the 537 elected officials in Washington . Surrounding the White House is a political playing field mined with enough vetoes to stymie even the most ambitious of men . News : GOP expands majority in governor 's mansions Yes , modern presidents oversee a vast 21st-century machinery of state whose operations touch almost every corner of American life . But they share executive authority with 50 governors ; and many government entities , such as the Federal Reserve system , are formally independent of presidential control . The president has no official voice in the legislative process , save for his own veto , which can be overridden by congressional super-majorities . He can nominate federal judges and Supreme Court justices , but they must receive Senate confirmation , and in any case serve for life in a proudly independent judiciary . He is the commander in chief , but the Constitution reserves to Congress the right to declare war . It is not simply the lust for power , however constitutionally jacketed it might be , that fuels men 's and women 's appetites for the office ; it deserves to be acknowledged that love of country is among the reasons that so many good people , including Obama and Romney , have pined for the opportunity to serve . Yet contrary to the balladeer 's promises , in politics no less than in romance , love is not enough , and it rarely , if ever , conquers all . Opinion : Obama will get little time to celebrate This is the hard lesson that Obama has learned in the last four years as president . He is a devoted patriot who in his 2009 inaugural address praised the Founders , whose "  ideals still light the world . " He excited effusive affection among his countrymen on his way to winning the presidency in 2008 . But the last four years have seen no deepening love affair between the president and his people . On the contrary , the ardor of his supporters has measurably cooled , and some have jilted him altogether . His detractors have multiplied and hardened against him . And events have tempered even his extravagantly idealistic vision of his country . The president 's frustrations have derived not simply from the septic political climate of our times , but at least as much from a set of mechanisms carefully crafted by those same hallowed Founders more than two centuries ago . Generations of schoolchildren have been taught to reverence the "  checks and balances " the framers stitched so artfully into the Constitution . Less frequently noted are the liabilities that were integral to their design . They deliberately constructed the American governmental system so that it would be difficult to operate , the presidency in particular . What do you think of the election results ? Share your reaction . Their colonial experience with the British crown and royal governors made them especially wary of executive power , and though the presidency was one of their cleverest innovations in that long-ago Philadelphia summer , they hedged it about with constraints and counterbalances to ensure that no president would ever accrue anything remotely resembling monarchical authority . Small wonder that over the arc of American history only a handful of presidents can be said to have effected truly lasting transformational change -- Lincoln , FDR , Lyndon Johnson and perhaps Ronald Reagan make the short list , but few others do , and that 's no accident . Americans may yearn for strong leadership , but in their stubborn contrariness they do not want truly powerful leaders . They may want effective government , but they apparently like divided government even more , when neither party simultaneously controls House , Senate , and presidency -- the situation we 've been saddled with for 31 of the last 43 years . So it should not be surprising that Obama 's accomplishments marked the narrow limits of the achievable . They triggered a vicious political backlash in the 2010 election , ushered in yet another round of divided government , and may yet prove but short-lived reminders of the young president 's aspirations , not permanent features of the American landscape . We are a democracy , and can not escape the logic of the venerable maxim that we have the government we have chosen and that we deserve . Like it or not , Obama 's first term confirmed that our inherited governmental system worked according to its design specifications . The season of effective , vigorous presidential leadership had but the briefest half-life ; the wheels of the constitutional machinery designed to hem the president in began to turn almost from his first day in office , as did the gears of our often perversely contradictory political culture . Within two years we had stalemate , and the blame game began in earnest . Analysis : Obama won with a better ground game But in the last analysis we have no one to blame but ourselves , and our inherited political system -- and we have no plausible reason to expect anything substantially different in Obama 's second term . From all appearances we are most probably in for a repeat performance of the last two years : a remarkably disciplined and decidedly intransigent Republican party dominating the House , a paper-thin and fragile Democratic majority in the Senate , and a diminished , dispirited , and check-mated president with little or no room for maneuver -- and this in the face of perhaps the greatest fiscal challenge in the history of the republic , an increasingly volatile international environment , and a raft of unfinished business like devising coherent national energy and immigration policies . So why do we get so overheated about the presidency ? Why do n't we generate some heat about the antiquated system of which the president is but one , too often hapless , part ? What is it about divided government , anyway ? If even as committed a change agent as Obama is doomed to four more years of nothing more than Lilliputian , small-beer tinkering ; if the self-described greatest power in the world is so powerless to put its house in order , is n't it time for a thorough overhaul of our manifestly antiquated political machinery ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David M. Kennedy .	David Kennedy : Barack Obama 's achievements fell short of his aspirations Kennedy : American political system often disappoints voters and presidents He says the presidency has less power in actuality than folklore has it Kennedy : In a second term , Obama faces a divided , bickering government
CNN  -- Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong ' o has become a new critics ' darling after her breakout role in last year 's hit movie "  12 Years A Slave . " Since then , the award ceremonies and opportunities to dazzle photographers have been plentiful for Nyong ` o , whose mesmerizing performance as Patsey earned her numerous accolades and recognition , including an Oscar nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role . Though all this attention is new to Nyong ` o , who was born in Mexico to Kenyan parents , the young actress seems to enjoy all the hype around her . But there is much more to her story than how she captivates the cameras on the red carpet . CNN 's Stephanie Elam caught up with Nyong ' o to speak about her journey from Kenya to Hollywood . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : How did you end up being born in Mexico ? Lupita Nyong ` o : My father is a politician . At the time he was also a professor of political science and he was organizing for democracy in Kenya . We were under an autocratic regime and after a series of unfortunate events , including the disappearance of his brother , he went into political exile in Mexico . I was born in his last year there . Read more : 10 things to know about Lupita Nyong ' o CNN : So you were born in Mexico but grew up in Kenya . LN : Yes , all my conscious memories are in Kenya until when I was 16 my parents sent me back to Mexico to learn Spanish . I grew up in Nairobi , which is the capital of Kenya , so it 's hustle and bustle and there 's always something going on . I come from a very big family and we 're very close knit so I had lots of time with me family . My parents raised all of us to just pursue our hearts ' desires . They were like "  figure out what your purpose is on this world and then do it and do it to excellence ; no matter what it is , whether it 's being a janitor or a doctor , as long as you 're filling your life 's purpose then we 're good . " No pressure to pursue one thing or another , although I will say my father was very upset when I dropped physics though . Review : '12 Years A Slave ' agonizingly magnificent CNN : Not too long after you arrived to Mexico you decided to go to school in the United States . One of the things I read about was your discovery of race in America and how it 's treated . LN : I grew up in a world where the majority of people were black so that was n't the defining quality of anyone . When you 're describing someone , you do n't start out with "  he 's black , he 's white . " No , I was a girl , I was my ethnic group Luo , I was middle class , I was many things before I was black , so it was like a rearrangement when I came here and realized that in America that 's the first thing that people notice about me . You do n't hear that word , "  black , black " very often in Kenya to tell you the truth , so that was definitely jarring . CNN : "  12 years A Slave " is your first feature film . Where do you go inside yourself to play a role like that of Patsey with such generosity of spirit ? LN : I do n't believe that we are really as individual as we think we are and that 's what makes the profession of acting possible -- that we can empathize with things that are more than our personal , limited experience . And I think that you do work and like Oprah -LSB- Winfrey -RSB- said to me , "  you let God walk in the door . " I think it 's less about going into myself than opening myself ; just opening myself to the research , the script , the autobiography , the other things that I read , the other things I saw and just trying to immerse myself in a world that I personally do n't know -- but I know that my spirit does -- and can know if I allow myself to open up to it . There is something about acting that 's mysterious and magical because there is only so much I can do to prepare and then I have to just let go and breathe and believe that it will come through . Because I think if I had been required to play Patsey in any sort of methodical way where I go in and I never go out until we wrap the picture , I do n't think I would have survived emotionally because it 's heavy . But having those moments of lightness and separation from the work we were doing on set was very important , even to fortifying our trust for each other while we were doing the work . . Read more : Have you seen the year 's best film ? CNN : How do you feel about all the hype surrounding you since you since "  12 Years A Slave " ? LN : I did n't know how , and we all did n't know how the world would take this film . It 's not easy subject matter . It 's heavy but it 's beautiful and you hope that people would at least open their eyes to see it -- and then they did . So my first feeling was relief that it had been so well received and then they just kept receiving it and celebrating it and the conversation has been developing and shifting ; it 's been so exciting and for me to be part of that celebration and my work to be lauded in all these ways has been amazing . And I 've felt relief as well that people are registering Patsey 's loftiness -- in praising me I feel like her spirit is being uplifted , really , because what I met in those pages of Solomon Northup 's book was heartbreaking -- and it still breaks my heart -- and inspiring , and I had the privilege of bringing her back to life . I 'm just happy and filled with gratitude to have had the experience in the first place and for it to be so well received . READ THIS : The CNN 10 - The hottest rising stars	Lupita Nyong ' o has become one of Hollywood 's hottest "  It " girls Her performance in "  12 Years A Slave " has earned her several awards and nominations The film has been hailed as one of the best movies of the year "  I 'm just happy and filled with gratitude , " says Nyong ' o
Beijing , China  CNN  -- More than 1,000 people have been rescued from rushing flood waters in eastern China after a dike burst on the Fu river in Jiangxi province , the Xinhua news agency reported . About 35,000 people had to flee the area because of the rushing water , the news agency said . This new flooding comes as heavy rains have battered nine Chinese provinces -- including Fujian , Jiangxi , and Hunan provinces -- in the last two weeks . Devastating floods have already killed 199 people and left another 123 missing , Xinhua reported , quoting a Ministry of Civil Affairs statement . More than 29 million have been affected with almost 2.6 million evacuated from their homes , Xinhua said . Total economic losses could reach 42.12 billion yuan  $ 6.17 billion  with 1.6 million hectares of farmland flooded and 12.5 percent of crops destroyed . Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao called for an all-out effort to combat floods and rescue victims Tuesday , Xinhua reported . iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video The Ministry of Civil Affairs said Tuesday it had dispatched 5,000 tents and 20,000 cotton-padded quilts to Fujian province , 3,000 tents to Guangdong province and 10,000 tents to Jiangxi province . The ministry has already provided 3,500 disaster-relief tents to flood-stricken areas .	Dike bursts in river in China 's Jiangxi province More than 1,000 people were rescued ; 35,000 fled area Area already hit by deadly floods ; at least 199 dead , 123 missing Total economic losses could reach 42.12 billion yuan  $ 6.17 billion
CNN  -- It will cover 2.8 million square feet and have its own power plant inside its massive , gleaming circular design . It will be covered in solar panels and house up to 13,000 people on a daily basis -- not to mention 6,000 trees . It 's been compared to a spaceship . And now , as Apple looks to make its innovative new headquarters a reality , it 's checking with the neighbors . Due to be completed in 2015 , Apple 's new headquarters may be one of co-founder Steve Jobs ' final , longest-lasting legacies . This week , Apple reached out to residents of Cupertino , California , where its current headquarters resides  and will continue to after the new campus is built  . In a letter obtained by blog 9to5 Mac , the company seeks to allay some concerns that its neighbors have expressed since the plan was submitted to the city last summer . Former Apple employee explains ` upside-down ' logo According to the letter , the four-story building will be a research facility that will not replace the existing campus on 1 Infinite Loop . And it will not be open to the public , so there will be no museum or corporate store . The building will contain an auditorium that seats 1,000 and will be used for special events like product unveilings , though . The letter , from Apple Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer , says the company plans to break ground on the site as soon as Cupertino gives its approval , which is expected this year . Neighbors are invited to send Apple a letter or go to the city 's website to express any concerns . In the suburban city of roughly 58,000 people , the primary concerns have focused on additional traffic and environmental impact , both of which Apple says it is addressing in the design of the campus , which is expected to get LEED  Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design  certification as an environmentally friendly project . The new campus was one of the last major initiatives for Jobs , who died last year . In 2010 , when HP abandoned its Cupertino campus , Jobs quietly arranged to buy the site , according to Walter Isaacson 's biography , "  Steve Jobs . " "  I want to leave a signature campus that expresses the values of the company for generations , " Jobs told Isaacson . A team of 50 architects was hired , and Jobs , as was his habit , was intimately involved in the details , according to the book . Much of the campus sits on the former site of an apricot orchard , and Jobs required that 80 % of the campus be natural , with more than 6,000 trees . Apple hopes to raze 26 buildings on the site to make room for the "  spaceship , " which will be surrounded by grass and trees . A June 7 City Council meeting was one of Jobs ' last public appearances . At the meeting , he spent about 20 minutes introducing the project and answering questions . "  It 's a little like a spaceship landed , " he said as council members got their first look at the design . "  I think the overall feel of the place is going to be a zillion times better than it is now . "  I think we do have a shot of building the best office building in the world . I really do think architecture students will come here to see this . I think it could be that good . "	Apple is moving forward with "  spaceship " campus in Cupertino Circular building would house 13,000 employees , be surrounded by greenspace The campus was one of last major projects for late CEO Steve Jobs Apple plans to begin moving into the campus in 2015
CNN  -- An Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper was suspended Wednesday for five days without pay following a highly publicized scuffle with a paramedic in Okfuskee County in May , according to the Highway Patrol . This is an image from a video that captured an Oklahoma trooper 's scuffle with a paramedic in May . The incident , which was caught on dash-camera and cell-phone video , showed Trooper Daniel Martin pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance for a traffic-stop violation . During the incident , Martin is heard repeatedly using profanity and twice getting into a scuffle with one of the paramedics . Both paramedics and family members of the patient in the ambulance informed Martin several times by there was a patient inside , but he did not allow the paramedics to continue to the hospital while the video continued . In a news conference Wednesday , Oklahoma Highway Patrol Captain Chris West said Martin "  failed to recognize that it would have been more reasonable and appropriate to immediately allow the ambulance to continue to the hospital once he understood there was a patient onboard the ambulance . " Watch the confrontation " West also said Martin had "  probable cause to make the traffic stop and justification to arrest the paramedic for obstructing a police officer " but that the incident "  resulted in conduct unbecoming an officer . " Martin 's attorney , Gary James of Oklahoma City , did not immediately return a phone call from CNN . In a disciplinary letter sent to Martin , Oklahoma Public Safety Department Commissioner Kevin Ward , concluded that the "  disregard for the welfare of the patient -LSB- justified -RSB- severe discipline . " Martin will also be required to take an anger assessment , West said . The trooper had no previous discipline action in his record , according to West . On Tuesday , the paramedic involved in the scuffle , Maurice White , filed a lawsuit against Martin in federal court claiming his civil rights were violated . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario contributed to this report .	May incident was caught on dash-camera and cell-phone video Trooper Daniel Martin shown pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance During incident , Martin heard using profanity and getting physical with paramedic Martin continued to hold up ambulance despite being informed of patient inside
CNN  -- HTC-Highroad , the cycling team that top Tour de France sprinter Mark Cavendish races for , is to fold at the end of the season . Bob Stapleton , manager of the United States team , said Thursday that closing was the best option after a deal with a potential partner broke down over the weekend . HTC have racked up 93 victories between their male and female riders in 2011 , and are the sport 's most successful team in the past three years . In a statement Stapleton said : "  After an exhaustive search to secure long-term sponsorship we have concluded that it 's time to release our team members to pursue other options . "  Our team 's success has been based on our outstanding people . It 's in their best interest that we make this decision now . " Cavendish , has won 20 stages of the Tour de France for HTC-Highroad , and claimed the green jersey -- for the event 's best sprinter -- in the most recent installment that finished last month . In further quotes carried by AFP , Stapleton added : "  Our view was that if we could n't be close enough on financial firepower , we could n't consistently outperform with far less money . "  And if we could n't be in a leadership position in the sport , then we were n't going to be in a position to drive change and that was our fundamental mission coming in , and if we were n't going to succeed in that , then it was best to let people go and pursue their own interests . " Since launching in 2008 , HTC-Highroad has won 484 races including 54 grand tour stages .	Cycling team HTC-Highroad to fold at the end of 2011 season Deal with potential partner collapsed over the weekend Bob Stapleton , manager of the U.S. team , says closing is the best option
Ever wondered how to drive from the center of Pyongyang , the showcase capital of North Korea , to Yongbyon , the location of the secretive regime 's main nuclear complex ? Well , a recent update to Google Maps has the answer for you . It has filled in the big , largely blank space that previously lay north of the well-mapped South Korea with streets , towns and landmarks . Users curious to virtually explore one of the world 's most reclusive states can zoom into the heart of Pyongyang and pull up photographs of the Kumsusan Memorial Palace , which houses the bodies of the revered former leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il . The availability of photos quickly thins as users scroll into the North Korean countryside and dries up almost entirely around more controversial areas marked on the map , like the Yongbyon nuclear complex and what Google labels the Yodok and Hwasong gulags . Human rights groups say as many as 200,000 people may be being held in North Korea 's network of political prison camps . The Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Facility , where the regime may be about to carry out a new nuclear test in defiance of international pressure , does n't appear to be featured on the map at the moment . ' A community of citizen cartographers ' In a blog post Monday announcing the update , Google said that North Korea had been one of the largest places with limited map data in the world . Unsurprisingly , the details added to the map did n't come from the young North Korea leader Kim Jong Un 's regime . Google said "  a community of citizen cartographers " used the Internet search giant 's Google Map Maker software over a period of years to pinpoint road and place names . Google Map Maker works in a similar way to Wikipedia , allowing users to add , edit and review information . The company encouraged people to keep working on the maps , saying , "  Creating maps is a crucial first step towards helping people access more information about parts of the world that are unfamiliar to them . " It said the North Korean maps could be particularly useful to South Korean citizens , "  who have ancestral connections or still have family living there . " Restrictions inside But people inside North Korea , where the Internet is extremely restricted , are unlikely to be able to see the mapping information Google is making available . The company 's executive chairman , Eric Schmidt , visited North Korea earlier this month along with former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson in a trip that left many observers puzzled . Schmidt , who has in the past written at length about the Web 's ability to empower citizens oppressed by autocratic governments , urged North Korea to embrace the Internet or face further decline in its impoverished economy . Schmidt 's daughter Sophie , who accompanied him on the trip , said in blog post about the visit that they had been able to take a look at North Korea 's national intranet , which she described as "  a walled garden of scrubbed content taken from the real Internet . "	Google publishes detailed maps of North Korea for the first time It says "  citizen cartographers " used map making software to add the data The maps show the reclusive regime 's main nuclear complex and gulags Google 's executive chairman , Eric Schmidt , visited North Korea this month
CNN  -- U.S. fans of Michael Jackson are pouring out their grief through music and dance , impromptu shrines at symbolic locations and heartfelt remembrances online . Valerie Rojas Pruitt , 12 , lights a candle Friday at Michael Jackson 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Jackson 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was surrounded hours before dawn Friday by candles , flowers , posters and balloons . As the sun rose , a man crouched on the sidewalk and painted a portrait of the pop star , who died suddenly on Thursday . "  This is a very sad day here in Hollywood , California , " sobbed Melissa Fazli , a CNN iReporter . "  This is very , very sad . I ca n't believe it . " The star emblem had been covered until almost 3 a.m. by a red carpet for the premiere of the Sasha Baron Cohen film "  Bruno " at Grauman 's Chinese Theater , but fans started leaving mementos as soon as the carpet was removed . The film 's producers reportedly cut a scene referencing Jackson , at least for the premiere . Watch the Walk of Fame shrine grow " "  He was an innovator , " a fan named Delores said outside the theater . "  He 's basically an icon in his own time -- legendary . It 's going to take years -LSB- to sink in -RSB- that he 's gone , because he 's always with me . ... I 'm just trying to assess it all right now . I 'm still mourning , and at the same time missing him . It 's a little bit much to bear . " See what celebrities had to say " Fans gathered near the gates of the Los Angeles home where the King of Pop collapsed Thursday , and hundreds more assembled outside the UCLA Medical Center , where Jackson was pronounced dead . The U.S. fans ' reaction was part of a worldwide outpouring of grief over Jackson 's death and celebration of his life and art . See how people reacted in other countries People stopped in their tracks Thursday in New York 's Times Square , staring up at the giant TV screens bearing news of Jackson 's death . Some people set up lawn chairs in the evening . Watch the reaction on Times Square " Hundreds of people gathered in front of the Motown Historical Museum in Detroit , Michigan , a two-story house where the Jackson 5 's recording career began in 1969 , according to CNN affiliate WDIV-TV . Fans built a makeshift shrine to Jackson , whose hits could be heard booming from passing cars , the station reported . View a timeline of Jackson 's career " Fans frequently broke into song and dance around Jackson 's childhood home on Jackson Street , renamed in honor of the family , in Gary , Indiana , CNN affiliate WRTV-TV reported . Watch fans gather at the home " "  I knew Michael . I only lived three blocks from him myself , " Gary resident John Moore told WRTV-TV . "  It 's a really sad day . I 'm very hurt and disappointed right now . He was a great guy . " CNN iReporter Egberto Willies of Kingwood , Texas , summed up the conflicting feelings Jackson engendered among his admirers : "  I grew up on Michael Jackson , " Willies said in a video post on iReport.com . "  I loved Michael Jackson . I hated Michael Jackson . I admired Michael Jackson . I was ashamed of Michael Jackson . I was sorry for Michael Jackson . I was proud of Michael Jackson . iReport : Share your thoughts about Michael Jackson "  Michael Jackson was a complicated human being who was -LSB- denied -RSB- a childhood in order to provide us with great musical and dancing entertainment , " Willies went on . "  But with all his wealth and success he never seemed happy with himself . He never viewed himself as we viewed him : simply the best entertainer alive . May he rest in peace , his demons left behind . " CNN 's Kara Finnstrom and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Admirers gather at symbolic locations to salute the late "  King of Pop " Candles , flowers , posters , balloons surround star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Fans sing and dance outside Detroit house where Jackson 5 first recorded Neighbors remember Jackson at childhood home in Gary , Indiana
EW.com  -- The film industry was devastated by two recent deaths that have led to a movement to alter this Sunday 's "  in memoriam " segment of the Oscars telecast : One was the natural causes passing of comedy filmmaker Harold Ramis , 69 , and the other was the accidental death of camera assistant Sarah Jones , 27 , who was struck by a train in Georgia while working on a biopic of rock musician Gregg Allman . Ramis , the star of "  Ghostbusters " and "  Stripes , " and director of "  Vacation , " "  Caddyshack " and "  Groundhog Day , " died on Monday at his home in Chicago , while Jones , whose credits include "  Midnight Rider "  the film that led to her death  and the TV series "  The Vampire Diaries , " was killed last Thursday while filming on a bridge that authorities said was supposed to be off-limits to the production . Due to the questions surrounding her death , her name has become a rallying cry for behind-the-scenes workers calling for more scrutiny of on-set safety , and it has also led to a movement . Many are signing petitions and making telephone calls asking the producers of the Oscars to include her in the telecast 's tribute . But ... that effort misunderstands how that part of the show is created . Film crew worker 's tragic death prompts Hollywood movement Under most circumstances , a film worker in Jones ' position would not be included in the telecast 's tribute . That 's not meant as a dismissal of her , or her job , but there are many thousands of people employed by the entertainment industry , and -- for better or worse -- the Oscars tend to focus only on the deaths of those who are familiar to the public at large . If not , you could expect the "  in memoriam " segment to take up the entire 3-and-a-half-hour running time of the telecast . But yes , there certainly have been times when exceptions were made . At the 83rd annual ceremony , publicist Ronni Chasen was included after being gunned down while driving home from a movie premiere , even though her name was only well-known within the film industry . There 's no question the Academy could make a change if it wanted -- particularly if it was a matter of sending a message about on-set safety . But the decision is not up to the producers -- this year , Craig Zadan and Neil Meron -- so efforts to flood their offices with letters , emails , phone calls , and a bombardment of tweets is simply taking the argument to the wrong people .  The producers themselves did not immediately return a call for comment . While they control much of the content of the telecast , there are two elements of the Oscars over which they have no say : the "  in memoriam " reel and tickets to the show . This is partly designed to protect whomever is producing the show -- a way of preventing them from getting deluged by requests for either . Oscars 2014 : A Vegas oddsmaker ranks the races So who decides ? That would be a committee made up from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , who sift through a list of about 300 submissions and decide yea or nay on who makes the cut , depending on their contribution to filmmaking . Roughly 40 end up being included in the film , which is created weeks in advance of the Oscars . The producers are given the list , and then commission the film . And almost every year , the names of those left out tend to cause an uproar . The film can be re-edited at the last minute , and that is very likely going to be the case with Ramis -- a decades-long presence in the TV and film business , responsible for some of the most memorable and thoughtful comedies of the past 30 years . But if he does make the cut , it is those achievements that are being commemorated , not just his demise . And his last-minute addition will come at the behest of the Academy , not the producers . In the case of Sarah Jones , it 's very possible that all the film crews who are galvanized to action by her death could make a compelling case for her inclusion in the broadcast . But that case has to be made to the Academy , and not the producers , who can do nothing but refer such requests to AMPAS .  All while trying to put a show on this Sunday . Those who hope the Oscars will take a stand on this issue should be sure to make their request in the right direction . It may be too late for this year , but those who believe in this cause could also benefit from making sure it 's remembered a year from now . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Two deaths are being petitioned for inclusion in this year 's Oscars "  in memoriam " The process of listing actors in this segment takes place weeks in advance A list of roughly 300 submissions often gets whittled down to around 40 The producers do n't get to decide , but rather an Academy committee
CNN  -- Swiss police were scrambling Monday in search of three masked men who stole four Impressionist paintings worth about $ 163 million  180 million Swiss francs  Sunday in a heist police characterized as "  spectacular . " Claude Monet 's "  Poppies near Vetheuil " was one of the famous paintings stolen by the armed robbers . The three men entered the E.G. Buehrle Collection -- among the finest collections of Impressionist and post-Impressionist art in the world -- in Zurich , Switzerland , at around 4:30 p.m. CET  8:30 a.m. ET  , police said . One of the men threatened personnel at the museum 's front door with a pistol and forced them to the ground , police said , while the other two men went into an exhibition room and stole four oil paintings by Paul Cezanne , Edgar Degas , Claude Monet and Vincent van Gogh . Afterward , the three men loaded the paintings -- Monet 's "  Poppies near Vetheuil , " Degas ' "  Count Lepic and his Daughters , " Van Gogh 's "  Blossoming Chestnut Branches " and Cezanne 's "  Boy in a Red Vest " -- into a white car parked in front of the museum and then drove off , police said . Police said the men were wearing dark clothes and hoods , and one of them spoke German with a Slavic accent . They were all of average height , police said . There is a reward of $ 91,000  100,00 Swiss francs  for information leading to the return of the paintings , police said . The Swiss art heist follows the recent theft in Switzerland of two paintings by Pablo Picasso , Bjoern Quellenberg , a spokesman for the Kunsthaus , a major art museum in Zurich , said . The ` dumbest ' form of art crime " The director of the Kunsthaus serves on the E.G. Buhrle private art foundation 's council , Quellenberg said . In that theft , thieves stole the paintings , the 1962 "  Tete de Cheval "  "  Horse 's Head "  and the 1944 "  Verre et Pichet "  "  Glass and Pitcher "  by Picasso . They were on loan from a German museum and valued at $ 4.5 million when they were stolen February 6 , according to news reports . E-mail to a friend	Artworks worth $ 163M stolen in Zurich art heist Haul includes pieces by Cezanne , Van Gogh , Degas and Monet Heist follows recent thefts in Switzerland of artworks by Picasso
CNN  -- The Internet is captivated by the news that Amazon is considering a future system that uses unmanned aerial vehicles , or drones , to deliver packages . Some people spent hours examining the feasibility of such a plan and earnestly pondering the effects of weather , thieves and other factors . Others , of course , just cracked jokes . Twitter , as usual , had a field day with the idea . Here are some of the funniest comments , memes and parody "  drone " accounts . .	Jokesters flock to Twitter to make fun of Amazon 's drone-delivery plan The online retailer wants to use unmanned aerial vehicles to deliver packages
CNN  -- One Australian gold prospector has hit pay dirt . The man , described as an amateur explorer who wants to remain anonymous , unearthed a 5.5 kilogram golden nugget 60 centimeters in the ground outside Ballarat , a city about an hour and a half drive west of Melbourne . Experts say the value of the find is at least $ 300,000 . "  He came in to my shop at 12:30 p.m. on Wednesday and had a grin from ear to ear , " Cordell Kent , owner of The Mining Exchange Gold Shop , told CNN . "  His eyes were sparkling . " The 47-year resident of Ballarat says that gold has been continuously found in the region since 1851 , but technology has recently become an essential aid for modern prospectors . "  In the last 10 years it 's gotten very , very hard to find nuggets over a kilo , so this  5.5 kilogram  one is extremely rare , " says Kent . "  In the old days miners could only see or feel gold - but now with detectors they can hear it . " A Minelab GPX Model 5000 metal detector was used to find the nugget , Kent says . In Australia , the machine retails for nearly $ 7,000 , according to Gary Shmith , Minelab 's General Manager for the Asia Pacific . Shmith expects collectors may already be eyeing a potential purchase of the Ballarat nugget because of its rarity . "  My guess is that it would sell at 20 % or 30 % above its weight in gold . A nice , small nugget would already sell for 10 % to 15 % above its weight in gold . " Kent says the lucky prospector is back at work , "  detecting right as we speak . " "  He does n't want anyone to know his bit of ground . There are only four people who know that he found it -- he and his wife and me and my wife . And he 's hoping the one he found this week is a small piece and that there are bigger ones still out there . " While many people in the region have been searching for gold for decades , Kent 's friend only started last year . Other prospectors - old and new - will hope that they will be as lucky .	Amateur Australian prospector unearths 5.5 kilogram golden nugget Experts say value of gold nugget at least $ 300,000 Gold first found around city of Ballarat in 1851
Fire up the salt trucks . Shutter schools . Position the National Guard . Two weeks after a few inches of snow paralyzed Atlanta and embarrassed the state , government leaders are tackling the latest round of bad weather with gusto . "  I think we 're certainly ahead of the game this time and that 's important . We 're trying to be ready and prepared and react as quickly as possible , " Gov. Nathan Deal told reporters Monday . The storm could still turn out to be another ugly mess , but it wo n't be for lack of trying by state officials . . Deal declared a weather-related state of emergency for 45 counties in the state Monday , well before snow , sleet and rain were expected to hit . Atlanta Public Schools announced the system would be closed Tuesday and Wednesday . And Georgia Power 's top emergency official said he 'd already started calling in crews from other states to help fix downed power lines -- just in case . Their biggest worry ? The threat of a major ice storm Tuesday night . "  When you 're talking about the amount of ice we 're looking at , it 's catastrophic , " Aaron Strickland , the utility 's storm center manager , told reporters . "  What will happen is that the ice will build up on trees , trees will come down and take down the power lines . ... So It is an event that we are extremely fearful of , but we 're preparing  by  bringing in outside help at this time . " Snow , sleet and rain are in the forecast from Monday night through Wednesday morning as temperatures plunge to the 30s . By Wednesday , ice on the roads could make driving "  hazardous or impossible , " forecasters from the National Weather Service warned . The city 's northern suburbs could get 1 to 3 inches of snow , with up to 6 inches blanketing the northeast Georgia mountains . A winter storm watch is in effect Monday through Wednesday morning for Atlanta and the watch stretches west to Birmingham , Alabama ; Memphis , Tennessee and Little Rock , Arkansas . This storm will be the first test for a 32-member severe weather task force created in Georgia after last month 's debacle when 2.6 inches of snow shut down Atlanta 's metropolitan area . The governor apologized to the public -- "  I 'm the governor , the buck stops with me " -- and promised to handle things differently next time . Well , it 's next time . Governor advises ` extreme caution ' Deal told reporters Monday that the state was doing everything it could . "  We are making every effort to be prepared for these events , and I would simply say that we should all individually use extreme caution , " he said . The Georgia Department of Transportation has said it plans to start treating roads with sand and salt after the Monday evening rush hour . Supplies from southern Georgia are being brought to the Atlanta metro area , said transportation department spokeswoman Natalie Dale . Deal also gave the National Guard a warning order , an advance notice to personnel of the possibility of a "  call up " for a state mission . Schools also began announcing their plans to cancel evening activities beginning Monday . The city of Atlanta , which got hammered for its lackluster performance the last go-round , is on the storm preps bandwagon , too . Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed told reporters that deals with contractors had allowed the city to double the size of its fleet dedicated to pre-treating roads . Priority roads and bridges will be treated Monday night with a combination of sand and salt , and more supplies are being ordered , City Hall spokesman Carlos Campos said . The city urged people to take precautions such as filling cars with gas and stocking up on food . Officials have their fingers crossed that the more coordinated effort will produce better results . When the storm struck January 28 , traffic gridlock occurred almost instantaneously as commuters fled Atlanta en masse . Thousands of school children across northern Georgia spent the night in schools , and countless motorists endured 20-plus hour commutes , if they were lucky enough to get home at all . The new plan of attack Deal and emergency officials took plenty of heat for being slow to respond to or just plain oblivious to storm developments the last time around . The governor and his staff huddled with emergency management , transportation , power company and health officials Monday morning . "  We 've included health officials and power companies in our preparations because heavy downfalls of ice can knock out power supply , " Deal said . "  I want to make sure we 're reaching out to health care facilities so they can have backup plans in place . " At a press conference later in the day , the governor urged the driving public to be careful . He spoke at a state Department of Transportation facility that was gearing up for inclement weather . "  It appears that tomorrow is one of those ` iffy ' days , " Deal said . "  But the following day and tomorrow night , going into Wednesday , appears to be the time that we 're going to be in most jeopardy of ice forming , either from freezing rain or from sleet itself . " Stocking up SnowedOutAtlanta , the Facebook group where Georgia residents asked for and offered help during the last storm , was ramping back up Monday . The forum posted alerts about school closings and the possibility of power outages , and tips about how to prepare for the storm . The looming storm brought a mix of shrugs and concern at local supermarkets . "  I got some pasta , some salad fixings and some wine , " Katie Derrick told CNN affiliate WGCL . "  You know , in case I 'm stuck at home , I 'll be well prepared . " Bob Simmons grabbed a few items too . "  I got some can goods and fruit , veggies and a frozen pizza , " he said . "  I 'm a Yankee so I 'm used to this stuff , but I 'm getting nervous now . They keep talking about it . " But is the talk just that , talk ? Not everyone is optimistic that Georgia has learned its lesson . "  We do n't learn , " said one shopper . "  It happened before in 2011 and nothing happened . So , 2014 , the same thing . 2017 , it 's going to happen again and we 're going to be stuck at home . "	Georgia 's governor says officials are "  ahead of the game this time " He declares a state of emergency for 45 counties Atlanta says school will be closed Tuesday and Wednesday A winter storm is expected to hit the Southeast Monday night
At Chi-Med 's labs in Shanghai , a group of 70 chemists has been working for a decade to try and crack the mysteries of Chinese medicine . The company 's scientists are attempting to break 1,300 medicinal herbs into their component parts and then test them for global use against diseases . It 's an ambitious effort and one that looks close to paying off . Chi-Med , in partnership with Nestle , has started the first worldwide phase III clinical testing trials -- the final step before approval for sale -- for a botanical drug based on Chinese Traditional Medicine . If Chi-Med and Nestle succeed in winning U.S. Food and Drug Administration  FDA  approval , the companies will be at the forefront of efforts to export Chinese medicine beyond its loyal following at home . They 'll also have tackled the central problem in taking Chinese medicine global : how do you get a centuries-old remedy through the rigors of modern government regulation ? "  The simpler the product , the better at this stage , " says Chi-Med CEO Christian Hogg . "  The more similar it is to conventional drugs , the better from the FDA standpoint . " That 's why the company has started with a drug called HMPL-004 , which treats inflammatory bowel disease  IBD  including ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease . The testing was made possible by a change in the FDA policies and procedures in 2004 regarding botanical drug products . The new guidelines removed some of the obstacles involved in getting an investigational new drug application  IND  , the first step in getting a drug developed and marketed in the U.S. . Since the guidelines were introduced , the FDA has only approved two botanical drugs , according to the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services . Fulyzaq , an antidiarrheal drug used for HIV/AIDS patients and derived from the red sap of the Croton lechleri plant , was approved in December 2012 . Veregen , a treatment for warts based on green tea extract , was given the green light in 2006 . By Chinese medicine standards , HMPL-004 is a simple drug . It 's a single extract from a single herb , called andrographis , which has a long history of use in Asia for stomach problems . Contrast that with She Xiang Bao Xin Wan , one of Chi-Med 's primary products in China . It 's a prescription cardiovascular drug with over 100 different chemical components , which Hogg explains makes it nearly impossible to get through the current U.S. approval system . "  If you are working with the FDA to register that , you are going to have to explain to them exactly where each of those compounds comes from and you are going to have to guarantee every step that exactly the same amount of the compound is in that product , " he says . There are currently 2,800 patients in the phase III clinical trials to determine if HMPL-004 is both safe and effective . If FDA agrees with the results , the drug will then enter the $ 7 billion global market to treat IBD . Chi-Med is not alone in its efforts to take Chinese botanical drugs beyond China . Dr. Yibin Feng at Hong Kong University 's School of Chinese Medicine is studying the effectiveness of Chinese medicine treatments for cancer and liver disease . He says the lack of advanced science and technology has meant in the past that traditional Chinese medical doctors did not understand how the treatments worked . "  We know this works for some disease , but I do n't know what the scientific basis is , " he says . "  Why does it work for this disease ? " Dr. Feng believes all of that is changing now . Both he and Hogg think the slowing pace of conventional drug development is driving more people to look to Chinese medicine . "  Now new drug discovery from natural products and other material is more difficult that many years ago , people notice the wisdom in Chinese medicine , " says Dr. Feng . He 's particularly hopeful people outside China will begin to see the value in China 's more complicated , multi-ingredient treatments . In fact , he sees these multi-faceted remedies as one of the major assets of Chinese medicine . Dr. Hogg believes gradually the foreign regulators will become more open to the range of Chinese drugs . "  It is in the best interest for the public health to be bringing these therapies to the market , " he says .	Chi-Med and Nestle working to get FDA approval for some Chinese medicine Phase III trials have started on HMPL-004 -- used to treat stomach problems It 's final round of trials before FDA approval to enter the $ 7B IBD market
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  A coalition of Middle Eastern forces continued pounding rebel targets in Yemen from the air on Friday , the second day of a campaign aimed at the Houthi group . While it was hard to immediately determine the extent of the damage and destruction , the resounding sounds of huge explosions heard around Sanaa on Friday night suggested that the Saudi-led strikes were taking a toll . The strikes ' target is Houthi rebels , a Shiite Muslim minority group that has taken over the capital and , on Wednesday , captured key parts of the Yemeni port city of Aden . Aden was where President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi had moved because of the rebel advance . Hadi has since left Yemen , and on Friday he 'd arrived in Egypt for a summit of Arab League representatives . Many nations in the Arab League are now participating in the armed effort against the Houthis and presumably to return Hadi to Yemen as its leader . While he 's not in Yemen , the fierce fighting there continues . Not surprisingly , the Houthis are bearing the brunt of the bloodshed -- and not just in Sanaa . That includes at least 10 killed in the northwestern province of Saada , home to the Houthi 's leader Abdul Malik Al Houthi , Houthi commanders said . More than a dozen more people were wounded , as 15 locations saw airstrikes . Five Houthis died were hurt in an attack by fighters loyal to Hadi on a Houthi post about 6 miles  10 kilometers  outside Al Anad airbase , two security officials in Lahj province said . That 's where U.S. Special Operations Forces involved in fighting al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula had been based as recently as this month . Hadi has also ordered the closure of all Houthi-controlled media -- including Yemen TV and Saba TV . The Houthis , though , responded by raiding two TV channels and the prominent Al Masdar newspaper . Al Jazeera 's office in Sanaa was also targeted , with Houthis looting security cameras and damaging equipment , the Qatar-based network said . The nations stepping into Yemen 's civil war are predominantly Sunni Muslim , and they are working to rescue a government that has strong Sunni support . The Houthis are allied with majority Shiite Iran . Saudi Arabia , the largest contingent in the intervention dubbed al-Hazm Storm , considers the Houthis to be proxies for the Shiite government of Iran and fear another Shiite-dominated state in the region . "  What they do not want is an Iranian-run state on their southern border , " CNN military analyst Lt. Col. Rick Francona said of the Saudis . The kingdom says Hadi , who is out of the country , pleaded for military intervention in a letter . "  I ask you , based on the principle of self-defense in Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations , and on the basis of the Charter of the Arab League and the treaty of joint Arab defense , to provide instant support by all necessary means , including military intervention to protect Yemen and its people from continuous Houthi aggression , " read the letter , which was posted by Saudi Arabia 's Foreign Ministry . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday that the United States commends the military action and is supporting it through intelligence sharing , targeting assistance and logistical support , a senior State Department official said . The other nations participating in the military action are the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , Bahrain , Qatar , Jordan , Morocco , Sudan and Egypt , a Saudi adviser has said . The adviser also included Pakistan , saying its military was offering naval support . But on Friday , that country 's Defense Ministry said it had only vowed to defend Saudi Arabia , according to a local media report . Saudi Arabia and Egypt have spoken about the possibility of sending ground troops . Saudi Arabia has blockaded the Houthis , effectively cutting off their supply lines . By Thursday afternoon , the Saudis controlled Yemeni airspace , the adviser said , and the military threatened to destroy any naval ships trying to enter Yemeni ports . Supreme leader Al Houthi spoke live Thursday night in Yemen on al-Masirah TV , saying , "  If any army tries to invade our country , we will prove that Yemen will be a grave for those who invade us . " Iran denounced the military intervention . Marzieh Afkham , a spokeswoman for the country 's Foreign Ministry , said the operation will throw an already complicated situation into further turmoil and disrupt chances at a peaceful resolution to Yemen 's months-long internal strife . It also wo n't help a region already facing terrorist threats from groups like ISIS and al Qaeda , she said . "  This is a dangerous action against international responsibilities to respect countries ' national sovereignty , " Afkham said , according to a report in Iran 's state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . At least one major player in Yemen besides the Houthis -- the General People 's Congress , which is the party of longtime leader Ali Abdullah Saleh -- thinks the Saudis and their partners should stay out . The GPC says the airstrikes have already led to civilian casualties . The best way to stop the bloodshed is to bring everyone to the negotiating table , the group said . Opinion : Why Yemen has come undone Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Yemen , and CNN 's Greg Botelho and Ben Brumfield wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Samira Said , Becky Anderson , Nick Paton Walsh , Anas Hamdan , Salma Abdelaziz and Mustafa al-Arab contributed to this report .	Yemeni President Hadi arrives in Egypt for Arab League summit Airstrikes pound Sanaa on Friday night The strikes target the Houthis , who are Shiite Muslims backed by Iran
CNN  -- The first world records of the London 2012 Olympics have been set by a blind South Korean archer -- hours before Friday 's much-anticipated opening ceremony was due to begin . Im Dong Hyun is legally classified as blind and can not see out of his right eye , but it did not stop the two-time gold medalist bettering his own leading 72-arrow score in the qualification competition at Lord 's cricket ground in the British capital . London 2012 : Results and Schedule The 26-year-old , who struggles to read a newspaper , scored 699 , which put him top of the standings ahead of compatriots Kim Bubmin and Oh Jin Hyek . The efforts of the trio also delivered a second world record , as South Korea registered a landmark combined total of 2,087 for the team event -- a discipline the Asian nation has won gold in at the last two Games . The event at the home of English cricket was held behind closed doors , but it did not stop fans queuing in an attempt to gain entry to the stadium . "  Tickets have not been advertised or sold by  Olympic organizers  LOCOG for the archery ranking event , " read a statement from the venue . We have always made it clear that the preliminary rounds are not open for spectators . "  There are a number of unofficial websites claiming to sell tickets , we therefore advise people to be extremely cautious and vigilant when attempting to buy tickets and only purchase from an official source . " A non-ticketed event that people can attend is the cycling road race , which is a 250-kilometer trek from Box Hill in the English county of Surrey to the Buckingham Palace in the heart of London . Spectators will be able to line certain areas of the route free of charge to cheer on British hopefuls such as Tour de France winner Bradley Wiggins and sprint star Mark Cavendish in Saturday 's men 's race , while the women compete on Sunday . London welcomes world for Olympics opening ceremony London Olympics by the numbers Protests on opening day of Olympics	South Korea 's archery team break first world records of 2012 Games Im Dong Hyun betters his own 72-arrow mark , while team record also tumbles The 26-year-old is competing at the Games despite being legally blind Dong Hyun won gold medals at both the Athens and Beijing Olympic Games
RIVERDALE , Georgia  CNN  -- In his darkest moment , Kenneth Brown lost it all . His wife and kids , the housebroken dog , the vacation home on Cape Cod all vanished when he was sent to prison for an arson in 1996 . Kenneth Brown , a former inmate , learned to meditate during his nine years in prison . Trapped in his gloomy cell and serving a 20-year sentence that felt like an eternity , Brown , then 49 , found himself stretched out on the floor . He was silent . His eyes were shut . His body did not move . Brown , a man raised as a Baptist and taught to praise the Lord and fear the devil , was meditating . "  I try to focus on the space between two thoughts , because it prevents me from getting lost , " said Brown , who discovered meditation , yoga and Buddhist teachings three months into his sentence . "  This helped me stay on track and get me through prison , " he said . Eastern religions encompassing meditation techniques have captivated hippies , 20-somethings and celebrities like actor Richard Gere . But since the 1960s , the art of meditation also has found a growing number of unlikely followers behind prison bars . The inmates say meditation -- an ancient practice that develops mental awareness and fosters relaxation -- is teaching them how to cope in prison . "  Mostly , the people in Buddhist community are going into the prisons , providing programs , and word of mouth gets from one inmate to another , " explained Gary Friedman , communications chairman for the American Correctional Chaplains Association . "  It 's a break from all the hustle and noise of the prison environment . " There is no group tracking the number of inmates converting to Buddhism or engaging in meditation practices . But programs and workshops educating inmates about meditation and yoga are sprouting up across the country . Meditation can help the convicts find calmness in a prison culture ripe with violence and chaos . The practice provides them a chance to reflect on their crimes , wrestle through feelings of guilt and transform themselves during their rehabilitative journey , Buddhist experts say . In the past five years , books like the "  Prison Chaplaincy Guidelines for Zen Buddhism " and "  Razor-Wire Dharma : A Buddhist Life in Prison " have emerged . "  This is transformative justice , as opposed to punitive , " said Fleet Maull , founder of the Prison Dharma Network , one of the largest support networks helping inmates learn meditation and Buddhist teachings . Since its inception in 1989 , Prison Dharma Network has grown from one person -- Maull -- teaching Buddhist principles to more than 75 member organizations corresponding with 2,500 individuals , many of them inmates . For the past seven years , Maull 's group has taught a weekly meditation class in Boulder County Jail in Colorado . Some inmates follow Zen Buddhism , a practice that originated in China , and meet weekly to focus their minds . Others practice Vipassana , a Buddhist practice founded in India , which consists of completing hundreds of hours of meditation in a short period of time . Buddhism has gained momentum in the United States over the past 25 years , becoming the third most popular religion in America behind Christianity and Judaism , according to the 2008 report from the the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . About 1.7 million Americans call themselves Buddhists , and many of them are converts , the study said . According to the American Religious Identification Survey in 2008 , there were 1.2 million self-identified Buddhists . Some inmates , like Brown , may not label themselves official Buddhists , but they meditate , practice yoga and follow Buddhist principles on truth , responsibility and suffering . The practice of meditation seeped into the heart of the Bible Belt in 2002 . The Donaldson Correctional Facility , a maximum-security prison in Alabama , was notorious for violence . But a group of male inmates , including several murderers , completed a Vipassana meditation retreat that required more than 100 hours of meditation in 10 days . One inmate , who was featured in the 2007 documentary "  The Dhamma Brothers , " said Vipassana was harder than the 8 1/2 years he had spent on death row . More than 120 men in Donaldson have gone through Vipassana at least once . Watch a clip of "  The Dhamma Brothers " " "  They do n't feel so close to exploding , " said Jenny Phillips , director of the film . "  They are n't afraid to have conversations with people and to express themselves . They are n't always on edge . " Critics , including some prison officials , doubt that meditation works . They worry that it may be a tactic to convince parole boards to lighten a sentence . In areas that are heavily Christian , some wardens are uncomfortable with introducing Eastern religions . Alabama prison authorities were initially skeptical about meditation but next year will designate an open dormitory for inmates going through Vipassana , said Ron Cavanaugh , director of treatment for the Alabama Department of Corrections . He said corrections officers have seen lower levels of violence among Donaldson inmates who meditate . In California , a state where the swollen prison population has resulted in dangerously overcrowded prisons , teaching conflict management is critical , said Anne Seisen Saunders , a Zen Buddhist instructor who was raised Christian . Her Prison Meditation Project , based near San Diego , began a decade ago in one prison yard . Today , the program has expanded to five prisons , with an average of 20 inmates participating in each location . Last week , the autumn sky transformed from a deep purple to light blue outside Kenneth Brown 's meager studio apartment . Inside , Brown sat on his bed , barefoot and deep in concentration , in front of a makeshift altar holding books a photo of the Buddha . Traces of incense billowed in the air . Brown , now 62 , resides in Georgia to be near his family . He says he was wrongfully convicted of arson . In 2005 , a Massachusetts appeals judge reduced his sentence from 20 years to nine . His body was motionless , his eyes closed and the palms of his hands facing upward . These days , Brown 's practice of mediation helps him tackle the challenges of being unemployed with a felony record . The college graduate has been rejected from jobs catching stray dogs and cleaning hotel rooms . But he 's got a lot to be thankful for : His daughters , his grandchildren -- and meditation , he said . "  I finally feel at peace . "	Programs across the country educate inmates about meditation and yoga Meditation has helped reduce violence in Alabama prison , official says "  They do n't feel so close to exploding , " documentary director says Buddhism is third most popular religion in United States
President Barack Obama took an evening away from politicking Sunday to honor top artists -- and crack some jokes . Obama received the five Kennedy Center honorees at the White House before the annual gala that honored this year Tom Hanks , Sting , Al Green , Lily Tomlin and ballerina Patricia McBride . Sting got a presidential mention not just for his chart-topping music career , but also for his stage name . "  Now , not everybody can pull off a name like Sting , but this guy can . His wife , Trudie , calls him Sting . Apparently his kids call him Sting , " Obama said to laughs at the White House reception . " ` POTUS ' is a pretty good nickname -- but let 's face it , it 's not as cool as Sting . I kind of wish I was called Sting . " But , Obama conceded , "  I 'm stuck with ` POTUS , ' " which stands for President of the United States . Sting , however , later said on the red carpet he was "  not so sure " his name is cooler than the President 's moniker . Comedy Central show host Stephen Colbert , who emceed the Kennedy Center event , made sure he spotlighted the high profile guests at last night 's events , especially whom he called the "  most powerful and influential person in the world " : First lady Michelle Obama . "  Madam First Lady , lovely to see you , good evening . There she is , looking radiant , next to the President , which I assume means she has no future plans to run for office , " Colbert quipped . "  There are a lot of Democrats who do n't have that courage . " Democratic candidates locked in tight races in the 2014 midterms largely distanced themselves from Obama , and he stayed away from the campaign trail in the tightest Senate races . Colbert also noted the nonpartisan nature of the soire , which he credited to Tom Hanks . "  Tonight , Washington puts the arts above politics , because no matter what party you belong to , everyone wants a selfie with Tom Hanks , " Colbert joked . Earlier in the evening Obama also honored Hanks and his cult roles in movies like "  Big " -- which Obama said he watched Saturday night -- "  Apollo 13 " and "  Forrest Gump , " in which Hanks ' character gives another U.S. President , Lyndon B. Johnson , a look at his wounded behind in the movie . "  I 'm glad he got that last one out of his system before this evening , " Obama said . The entire Kennedy Center reception will air on CBS on Dec. 30 . But before then , Colbert 's interview with Obama will air Monday night on "  The Colbert Report . "	Obama 's nickname-of-choice ? Apparently , it 's "  Sting " President Obama may have dished out jokes Sunday , but Michelle Obama is apparently "  the most powerful and influential " "  There she is ... next to the President , which I assume means she has no future plans to run for office " Stephen Colbert joked
Rolling Stone  -- Sinead O'Connor has gotten back together with husband Barry Herridge , only days after announcing plans to end their marriage of less than a month . O'Connor said they had split last week due to a conflict with Herridge 's family . "  Spent a beautiful evening of love making with none other than my husband , " the Irish rocker wrote on her website . "  We decided to be boyfriend and girlfriend again and stay married , but we did rush -LSB- into marriage -RSB- . " O'Connor predicts they will be "  sickeningly happy " together and says she plans to meet with a marriage counselor . She also hopes to move in with her husband "  in like a year , like regular people . " O'Connor married Herridge , her fourth husband , after a whirlwind romance . They wed on her 45th birthday at the Little White Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas . Earlier this year , the singer went about a public search for a new man on her website , wrote a series of suicidal tweets that alarmed her fans and revealed plans to release a new album next year . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Sinead O'Connor said they had split last week due to a conflict with Barry Herridge 's family "  Spent a beautiful evening of love making with none other than my husband , " the rocker wrote "  We decided to be boyfriend and girlfriend again and stay married , " she said
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When Nina Temple was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 2000 , then aged 44 , she quickly became depressed , barely venturing out of her house as she struggled to come to terms with living with the chronic condition . Sing for Joy is a choir made up of sufferers of neurological conditions plus friends , family and carers . "  I was thinking of all the things which I wished I 'd done with my life and I would n't be able to do . And then I started thinking about all the things that I still actually could do and singing was one of those , " Temple told CNN . Along with a fellow Parkinson 's sufferer , Temple decided , on a whim , to form a choir . The pair placed notices in doctor 's surgeries inviting others to join them and advertised for a singing teacher . By 2003 , with the help of funding from the Parkinson 's Disease Society , the resulting ensemble "  Sing For Joy " was up and running , rehearsing weekly and soon graduating to public performances . The group now consists of around two dozen singers , including sufferers of Parkinson 's and multiple sclerosis , others recovering from conditions including stroke or cancer , plus their carers , family and friends . Led by acclaimed jazz performer Carol Grimes , the group 's genre-defying repertoire ranges from Cole Porter classics to ethnic punk . Watch Sing for Joy perform " "  It 's quite easy to get overwhelmed by the disease and having something that you do every week that makes you forget all your troubles and keeps you from feeling isolated is a great pleasure , " says Temple . But singing also has physical and neurological benefits for the choir 's members . A common symptom of Parkinson 's disease and similar conditions is voice loss and each week the group begins its rehearsals with vocal exercises worked out with speech therapists . "  All neurological conditions affect the throat because it has so many muscles , " says Sarah Benton , another choir member with multiple sclerosis . "  So singing , which makes you lift up your body and expand your lungs , is perfect for neurological diseases . " While "  Sing for Joy 's " DIY-style music therapy has provided obvious social , mental and physical benefits for its members , there is a growing body of clinical evidence suggesting that music can play a key role in aiding recovery or helping sufferers cope with a broad range of brain-based conditions . Does music affect your mood or have particular physical or mental benefits ? Sound Off below Doctor Wendy Magee , International Fellow in Music Therapy at London 's Institute of Neuropalliative Rehabilitation , describes music as a "  mega-vitamin for the brain , " capable of influencing and improving motor function , communication and even cognition . "  When neural pathways are damaged for one particular function such as language , musical neural pathways are actually much more complex and much more widespread within the brain , " Magee told CNN . "  Music seems to find re-routed paths and that is why it is such a useful tool in terms of helping people with different kinds of brain damage because it can help to find new pathways in terms of brain functioning . " Researchers in Finland have demonstrated that listening to music for several hours a day can enhance the rehabilitation of stroke patients . In another study , stroke patients who were taught to play the piano or drums made speedier progress in their general recovery than patients who received only traditional therapy . At Colorado State University , researchers have used musical and rhythmic cues as an effective tool to improve the movement and balance of Parkinson 's disease sufferers and those with other degenerative diseases . Melodic Intonation Therapy , in which musical exercises are used to improve speech , has proved an effective treatment for patients with aphasia , a disorder that results from damage to portions of the brain responsible for language . Musical memories also seem to be more resilient to neural degenerative conditions such as Alzheimer 's and dementia , enabling therapists to use familiar tunes to cue memories which might otherwise have been lost . One American World War II veteran whose dementia was so severe he could n't remember his own name and would barely acknowledge his own wife was brought alive through ballroom dancing and the music of Frank Sinatra , the sufferer still able to lead his wife through the foxtrot as if it was the 1940s . The power of music to enhance moods and emotions has long been harnessed by psychologists , but , as Dr. Lauren Stewart , director of a recently established course in Music , Mind and Brain at Goldsmiths University of London told CNN , "  recent advances in neuroscience and brain imaging technology are now radically transforming conventional music therapy into a more rigorous and research-based clinical practice . " Professor Michael Thaut of Colorado State University 's Center for Biomedical Research in Music , who has helped pioneer a new research-based approach known as Neurologic Music Therapy  NMT  , says recent developments amount to a "  paradigm shift . " "  Therapists in all fields have been doing things for decades ; now they 're trying to figure out the research to support their work , " Thaut told CNN . "  NMT started as a science and now it 's turning into a clinical field . And that 's very exciting . " For now NMT remains on the fringes of standard neurological rehabilitation . But Magee believes its application and a general move away from psychoanalytical approaches dominant in the past , could bring music therapy towards the mainstream and make it an ever more effective tool . "  We are now starting to see the evidence for why we see things work . That also means we can fine tune what we do because we understand more about the neurological processing behind it , " she said . "  But we 're still at the point where we need to build the evidence base and translate that evidence base into practice so we can convince funders that music therapy is an important part of rehab practice . " For the members of Sing For Joy however , the proof of the therapeutic power of music is already self-evident . "  There is something about coming together and making a communal sound , " said Sarah Benton . "  There is nothing like it and it 's wonderful . "	London choir is made up of sufferers of neurological conditions , friends and carers Growing evidence that music has neurological , physical , psychological benefits Music used to boost rehabilitation of stroke patients , improve motor function New approaches to music therapy could bring field into mainstream rehab practice
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen holds a presidential election Tuesday with only one candidate on the ballot to replace longtime ruler Ali Abdullah Saleh . Vice President Abdurabu Mansur Hadi took over Yemen 's government in November , when Saleh handed over power after months of protests . Though Hadi will be the only name on the ballot on Tuesday , he has insisted on standing for election to make his presidency official . Posters of Hadi with slogans such as "  A new president for a new Yemen " have gradually replaced images of his predecessor . But some of those who took part in the protests that drove Saleh from power after 33 years say they 're not particularly excited about Tuesday 's vote . "  Maybe you can call them elections , " said Nadia Abdullah , an activist in Change Square , the epicenter of the anti-Saleh movement . "  But for me , elections should have more than one candidate . " The 65-year-old Hadi is a British - , Egyptian - and Soviet-trained army officer , recently promoted to the rank of field marshal . He has served as vice president since 1994 and is running for a two-year term as president on pledges of improving security and creating more jobs . But he 's never had much of a power base of his own , and Yemen 's problems will take much longer to fix than the two-year mandate he 's expected to receive . It 's the poorest country in the Middle East , with a severe shortage of water and rising levels of malnutrition among its population of about 25 million . Even before last year 's upheaval , Saleh faced a separatist movement in the south , sectarian tensions in its north and the growing presence of what Western officials describe as al Qaeda 's most dangerous affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . For some , particularly in the once-independent south , Hadi is too closely tied to Saleh 's rule to represent any change . "  Why do people expect southerners to celebrate that Saleh is gone ? " Mohammed Mosed Okla , a prominent separatist leader in the southern port of Aden , told CNN . "  His regime is still in control , and his family still control all the major security factions in the country . We will not be tricked again , and southerners will not celebrate until complete change takes place in south Yemen . " There was heavy security in Aden for the vote , with at least 10 new checkpoints had been set up around the city . Explosions rocked four separate neighborhoods late Monday , with gunfire reported in one following the blast , but security officials told CNN that no injuries had been reported . Explosions reported ahead of Yemen vote Hussein al-Aqil , a professor at Aden University and another separatist leader , said Hadi watched as Saleh "  oppressed us for more than two decades . " "  I was imprisoned for three years because I expressed my opinion and rejected the corruption that Ali Saleh stood behind , " al-Aqil said . "  The old regime tortured me and made me suffer for years . Hadi is part of the old regime , and will not be recognized as a southern leader . " But in Sanaa , Abdullah says Yemen 's people are looking to Hadi to start the political reforms needed to save the country . "  If he goes through with it , we will stand hand-in-hand with him , " she said . "  If he does n't , or if we see a lot of game-playing between him and the government , I believe the youth will remain in the squares . They would say , ` Leave , ' as they did to Ali Abdullah Saleh . " Saleh handed over power to Hadi as part of a deal brokered by Persian Gulf states and will formally relinquish his office after Tuesday 's vote . He is now now seeking medical treatment in the United States for wounds suffered in a June assassination attempt at his presidential palace during weeks of street battles between government troops and tribal fighters . The United States , meanwhile , has been backing Yemeni efforts against al Qaeda and has periodically struck targets inside Yemen , as in the September drone strike that killed American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki . Gerald Feierstein , the U.S. ambassador to Yemen , told CNN that the transition laid out in the Gulf plan as well as efforts to boost the economy and deliver basic services will be critical "  in terms of our ability to defeat al Qaeda and other violent extremist organizations in the country . "  All of these elements are going to help us defeat al Qaeda and eliminate them as a threat here in Yemen , to the region and to the world , " Feierstein said . But for patrons in one Sanaa cafe , a bit of normalcy would be welcome . One man said Hadi 's first objective should be to "  repair all the damage that was caused by the recent upheavals -- like the electricity crisis , like the gas crisis and all the crises in the country in general . " Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report for CNN .	Longtime leader Saleh 's vice president is the sole candidate on the ballot Saleh handed over power to Hadi in November after months of protests Activists say they 're looking to Hadi to start promised reforms Separatist leaders in south Yemen say they expect little change
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States on Saturday removed North Korea from its list of states that sponsor terrorism , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . "  Based upon the cooperation agreement North Korea has recently provided ... the secretary of state this morning rescinded the designation of the DPRK -LSB- Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -RSB- as a state sponsor of terrorism , and that was effective as of her signature , " McCormack said . McCormack said the United States and North Korea had reached agreement "  on an number of important verification measures " of North Korea 's nuclear program . These include participation by all members of the Six Party Talks , the role of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency , access to all of North Korea 's nuclear facilities and what procedures would be used in the verification process . "  Every element of verification that we sought is included in this package , " McCormack said at a news conference . A senior State Department official said earlier that President Bush made the decision Friday night to remove North Korea from the terrorism list . Watch how North Korea escaped the terror list " The official said verification of North Korea 's statements about its nuclear program will start right away , and the North Koreans will immediately reverse actions they have taken in recent weeks to restart their reactor and reprocessing facilities that produce plutonium for nuclear weapons . The North Koreans are expected to make a separate announcement Saturday , McCormack said . McCormack said Japan had agreed to formalizing the agreement at the Six-Party level , although the issue of North Korea 's abduction of Japanese citizens in the 1970s and 1980s has not yet been addressed . See why North Korea was on the terror list " President Bush spoke Saturday morning with Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso , telling him that the United States "  will never forget the abduction of Japanese citizens by the North Koreans , " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said . "  We will continue to strongly support Japan 's position on the abduction issue and will urge North Korea to take immediate steps to implement the commitments it made this summer as part the agreement reached with Japan , " he said . North Korea was added to the list of state sponsors of terrorism in 1988 , the fourth country to be added . Cuba , Syria , Sudan and Iran remain on the list . View details about the countries on the list " Countries designated as state sponsors of terrorism are subject to limitations on foreign aid , a ban on defense exports and sales , restrictions on exports of "  dual use " items -- those that could be used for defense or non-defense purposes -- and a variety of financial and other restrictions . In recent weeks , North Korea objected to the way the United States and its allies were proposing to verify that North Korea was revealing all its nuclear secrets . The question of removing North Korea from the terror list had been under intense deliberations in the Bush administration over the past several days , since the U.S. point man in the negotiations , Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill , had returned from talks in North Korea . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had talked by phone to her counterparts in China , Japan and South Korea , and according to a spokesman on Friday , she expected to talk to Russia 's foreign minister in coming days . Speculation had been rising in Washington that the Bush administration would decide to "  de-list " North Korea , despite fierce opposition from some of Bush 's fellow Republicans . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , the ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee , issued a strongly critical statement after Saturday 's announcement . "  While I am not surprised by today 's decision , I am profoundly disappointed , " she said . "  Given the regime 's decision to restart its plutonium reactor at Yongbyon and actions barring access to the site by inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency , it is clear that North Korea has no intention of meeting its commitment to end its nuclear program . " Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain put out a statement Friday opposing taking North Korea off the terrorism list . "  I have previously said that I would not support the easing of sanctions -LSB- against -RSB- North Korea unless the United States is able to fully verify the nuclear declaration Pyongyang submitted on June 26 , " McCain said . "  It is not clear that the latest verification arrangement will enable us to do so . " McCain 's Democratic rival , Sen. Barack Obama , had a more positive view , calling North Korea 's agreement to the verification measures "  a modest step forward . " But , he said , any failure on Pyongyang 's part to follow through with its side of the agreement must be met with swift action . "  President Bush 's decision to remove North Korea from the list of state sponsors of terrorism is an appropriate response , as long as there is a clear understanding that if North Korea fails to follow through there will be immediate consequences , " Obama said . "  If North Korea refuses to permit robust verification , we should lead all members of the Six-Party Talks in suspending energy assistance , re-imposing sanctions that have recently been waived , and considering new restrictions . " Participants in the Six-Party Talks , besides the United States and North Korea , are South Korea , China , Japan and Russia .	N. Korea agrees to halt nuclear activities that produce plutonium , allow inspections Bush made decision Friday night , Rice signed order Saturday morning North Korea recently had taken steps to restart nuclear reactor Republican in Congress says she 's disappointed by decision
CNN  -- Chinese language media often refer to Jay Chou as the "  small heavenly king , " but the Taiwan born pop idol is more down-to-earth than the many accolades he receives suggest . At 29 , Jay Chou is already a household name in many Asian countries . "  I think I tend to believe in myself . I do n't know ... maybe I was born to believe in myself rather than in others . That 's why I like to complete my work on my own , " the solo singer-songwriter and actor told CNN 's Talk Asia . The 29-year-old has ridden his wave of inner belief to become one of Asia 's biggest pop stars , and fostered an image of being something of an anti-hero , neither boastful nor too brash . His music mixes ballads with urban R&B beats , while he has also taken a march on Asian cinema , writing his own screenplays , directing and appearing in a number of hit films . Music remains his first love , having found success despite being naturally shy . He released his first album in 2000 , and eight years and seven albums later he still believes he has plenty of material for songs left in him , breaking from the usual Mando - and Canto-pop themes of boy-meets-girl . In the past his lyrics have ventured into more considered and darker territory with a song about an abusive father and have taken on a variety of themes and genres . "  I think my music is quite different from the Western rap music culture . You wo n't find bad language in my music . I have this sense of responsibility to add an educational element in my music . That 's why I would never write anything about suicide or whatever , because I think we all need the courage to deal with our lives , " he said . Chou was brought up by his mother , a school teacher in Linkou in Taiwan . His parents divorced while he was at a young age . He began playing the piano as a 3-year-old , continuing to practice daily throughout his school days where despite being a diligent pupil he was academically average . While a so-so student he developed a way to express himself by focusing on playing the piano , and from it developed a self-reliant streak . "  I think my confidence belongs to the stage or when I 'm standing in front of the screen . I 'm like two different people on-stage and off-stage , " he told CNN 's Talk Asia . Chou 's career was given a boost when he was spotted by Taiwanese entertainer Jacky Wu while backstage before a TV talent contest . Wu liked what he saw and introduced Chou to the music industry , at first as a songwriter for others . "  I never aimed to be a pop icon or whatever . My first album was actually a collection of songs that I wrote for other people . They did n't want them , so I made the album myself . The only aim I had was to be a singer-songwriter , not an idol , " said Chou . Despite modest beginnings then he has reached idol status in many Asian countries , having appeared in front of crowds of tens of thousands of people across Asia and on the silver screen to millions . His huge exposure also ensures he 's the sources of constant speculation from the media about his private life . "  I think showbiz in Taiwan , or even in the Chinese-speaking region , is quite different from showbiz in the U.S. . The more low-profile and tight-lipped you are , the more the paparazzi runs after you . And I happen to belong in this category , " he said .	Multi-million album selling Taiwanese pop idol still lives with his mother Has turned hand to acting and directing recently working with Chow Yun-Fat Career began when spotted at a talent competition
CNN  -- Small arms fire targeted U.N. monitors in Syria as they tried to get to the scene of another massacre , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on Thursday . No one was hit , said a spokeswoman for Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , head of the U.N. Supervision Mission in Syria . The incident came as Ban , international envoy Kofi Annan and others implored the U.N. General Assembly to stop the violence in Syria , which started 15 months ago when a tough Syrian crackdown against peaceful protesters developed into an uprising . The latest massacre occurred on Wednesday in the village of Qubeir , west of Hama , and included reports that dozens of civilians , including women and children , were killed . Massacre details are eerily familiar Ban said the U.N. monitors had been denied access to the area but were working to get to the scene . "  I just learned a few minutes ago that while trying to do so , the U.N. monitors were shot at by small arms , " he said . Mood said observers heading to the village to verify reports of the killings had been blocked by soldiers and civilians . Residents told observers they would be at risk if they were to enter the village . "  Despite these challenges , the observers are still working to get into the village to try to establish the facts on the ground , " Mood said . "  UNSMIS is concerned about the restriction imposed on its movement as it will impede our ability to monitor , observe and report . " Annan , the joint U.N.-Arab League special envoy tasked with forging peace in Syria , told assembly members Thursday that Syrians could face worse troubles if peace is n't made . Speaking before the U.N. General Assembly , Annan said his six-point plan is n't working and the "  crisis is escalating . " "  If things do not change , the future is likely to be one of brutal repression , massacres , sectarian violence and even all-out civil war , " Annan said . "  All Syrians will lose . " The violence is worsening and the country is becoming more polarized and radicalized , he said . "  Despite the acceptance of the six-point plan and the deployment of a courageous mission of United Nations observers to Syria , I must be frank and confirm that the plan is not being implemented , " he added . Annan said Arab League ministers he addressed Saturday had "  offered concrete ideas on how to increase pressure for compliance . " "  Clearly , the time has come to determine what more can be done to secure implementation of the plan and/or what other options exist to address the crisis , " he said . He spoke in the wake of the killings in Qubeir and , two weeks ago , in Houla . More than 100 people , including women and children , were killed in Houla . Opposition activists blamed government forces and allied militia , an assertion denied by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  Those responsible for perpetrating these crimes must be held to account , " Annan said . "  We can not allow mass killing to become part of everyday reality in Syria . " Militia does regime 's ` dirty work , " analysts say He said he urged al-Assad nine days ago to "  change his military posture and honor his commitments to the six-point plan . " But Assad "  believed the main obstacle was the actions of militants , " Annan said . "  Clearly , all parties must cease violence . But equally clearly , the first responsibility lies with the government . " Though Syria has released some detainees and there has been agreement "  on modalities for humanitarian assistance , " more is required , Annan said . Since he and Assad spoke , "  shelling of cities has intensified " and "  government-backed militia has free rein with appalling consequences . " Annan said armed opposition forces have n't seen a "  reason to respect cessation of hostilities " and "  have intensified their attacks . " Referring to bombings in Damascus and Aleppo , he said the situation is "  made more complex " by attacks that are "  indicative of the presence of a third actor . " Some analysts say jihadist groups are responsible for those acts . Annan called for "  consequences if compliance is not forthcoming , " and said "  a clearer course for a peaceful transition " must be charted to resolve the crisis . Annan was to address the Security Council in New York . Syrian Ambassador to the U.N. Bashar Jaafari reiterated that anti-government terrorists , and not the regime , are responsible for the bloodshed . The government said terrorists timed the latest massacre to coincide with the U.N. meetings in order to make the regime look bad . He added that Syria "  is ready to receive an investigation committee from neutral countries that respect the U.N. charter and reject any intervention in the Syrian affairs , " according to the government 's Syrian Arab News Agency . Jaafari said Syria is open to reform and to dialogue , and that it has no problem with the opposition . However , he said , some opposition forces composed of outside elements are taking up arms and have no desire for reconciliation . Opposition activists accuse forces loyal to al-Assad of the killings at Qubeir , and they placed the number of dead at 78 . Regime forces shelled Qubeir before militias used knives , guns and AK-47 rifles to kill residents , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . About 40 victims of the attack were buried in a mass grave Thursday , according to a youth activist whom CNN is not naming for safety reasons . Shabiha -- or pro-government gangs -- took other bodies to neighboring villages , the activist said . More than half of those killed were women and children , said a local activist who reported having carried bodies . CNN can not independently confirm reports from within Syria because the government limits access by international journalists . The recent violence has revived calls to isolate the regime and toughen sanctions . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , meeting Thursday in Istanbul with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , called the latest violence "  simply unconscionable . " She reiterated the U.S. stance that al-Assad must go and the international community must unite around a plan for Syria after al-Assad . Clinton said it is important to give Annan 's peace initiative "  the last amount of support we can muster . " Davutoglu , whose country has been critical of the al-Assad regime 's actions , said all members of the U.N. Security Council must work together to stop the regime 's actions . China and Russia , regime allies , have stressed their opposition to outside interference in Syria while continuing to back Annan 's plan . As permanent Security Council members , the two nations have used their veto powers to block draft resolutions against the regime . Meeting Thursday in Shanghai , leaders of Russia , China and four Central Asian nations signed a statement opposing outside intervention in Syria . The statement calls for "  dialogues that respect Syria 's sovereignty , independence and territorial integrity . " China , Russia call for non-intervention The United States plans to send a delegation to Russia this week to press for tough action against the Syrian regime , a senior State Department official said . At least 15 people were killed Thursday in Syria , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The United Nations for months has said more than 9,000 people have died in Syria . But death counts from opposition groups range from more than 12,000 to more than 14,000 . Tens of thousands of people have been displaced . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	U.N. observers visiting village of Qubeir , west of Hama , are shot at by small arms Dozens of people , including women and children , reportedly were killed in Qubeir U.S. secretary of state says the world community must unite around a transition plan Russia , China and four allies sign a statement opposing outside intervention in Syria
ACCRA , Ghana  CNN  -- Ghanaians clad in the national colors of red , gold and green celebrated long into the night on Friday as excitement over the national team 's penalty shootout victory over Brazil in the final of the Under-20 World Cup in Egypt brought the West African nation to a standstill . Ghana 's players celebrate their victory over Brazil . Ghana 's victory , 4-3 on penalties after a goalless draw which they had survived since the 37th minute with 10 men , was the first ever by an African side in the tournament . Earlier , many football fans had converged in churches hours before the game to pray for divine intervention . But the triumph , coupled with Nigeria 's disappointing performance in the tournament , may be the clearest signal yet that the balance of power in West Africa may have tilted from Nigeria to Ghana once again . Last month Ghana 's Black Stars , featuring players like Chelsea midfielder Michael Essien and Inter Milan 's Sulley Muntari , became the first African side to qualify for South Africa 2010 World Cup . Nigeria are in danger of missing the World Cup for the second time running . The Super Eagles trail Tunisia by two points in Group B ahead of their last group qualifying matches on November 11 when both countries face tricky away fixtures . Until 2006 , Ghana was regarded as the continent 's sleeping giants , having dominated African football in the years after it became the first independent sub-Saharan African country over five decades ago . By contrast , it took Nigeria -- Africa 's most populous country -- another three decades to establish itself among the continent 's top national sides . It was not until Ghana 's first appearance at the FIFA World Cup in Germany in 2006 that the four-times winners of the African Cup of Nations regained some of their lost glory . It signaled not only Ghana 's long-awaited arrival at football biggest global gathering but also a fulfillment of a prediction in 1990 by Cameroon legend Roger Milla that the world had not seen the best of African football until the Black Stars made it to the World Cup . As continental champions in 1963 , 1965 , 1978 and 1982 and with Ghanaian legends including three-times African footballer of the year Abedi Pele and former Eintracht Frankfurt and Leeds United star Anthony Yeboah both rated in their time among the world 's best players , Milla knew Ghana had the qualities to match some of the world 's best . Youth success at the FIFA under-17 championship in 1991 and 1995 , two appearances in the final of the under-20 championship in 1993 and 2001 and an Olympic bronze medal in Barcelona in 1992 emphasized Ghana 's abundance of talent and unfulfilled promise at the highest level . At Germany 2006 , Ghana became the only African survivor after the preliminary round , surprising the bookmakers with victories over the Czech Republic and the U.S. before losing 3-0 to Brazil in a match that was closer than the scoreline suggested . Ghana 's squad for next year 's World Cup in South Africa will likely include the cream of the team that impressed in Germany , including Essien and Muntari , as well as some of the brilliant youngsters who sparkled this month World Youth Championship in Egypt ; notably Golden Ball and Golden Shoe winner Dominic Adiyiah , Ransford Osei and Andre Ayew , the son of Abedi Pele . Following the side 's masterful display in Egypt and relatively easy World Cup qualifying campaign , the Black Stars will carry both Ghanaian and African expectations on their shoulders as they bid to improve on the quarterfinal places achieved by Cameroon and Senegal in 1990 and 2002 respectively . With a population of around 140 million and a reputation for producing stars such as Austin Okocha , Nwankwo Kanu and Chelsea 's John Obi Mikel , the outstanding qualities of Nigerian football are beyond question . But African football observers believe poor administration by the Nigerian Football Federation and the resultant instability in the technical direction of the team has undermined the development of Nigerian football and resulted in its dwindling fortunes at the world stage . Nigeria emerged as West Africa 's leading side in 1980 by wining the African Cup of Nations , a feat they repeated 14 years later in Tunisia . The Super Eagles made their World Cup debut in the U.S. in 1994 and qualified for both France 1998 and Japan/South Korea 2002 . Like Ghana , Nigeria has shown promise at youth level , winning U-17 World Cup titles in 1985 , 1993 and 2007 , and winning Olympic gold at the 1996 Atlanta Games . As host of this year 's FIFA Under-17 championship , Nigeria will be hoping to draw inspiration from Ghana 's performance in Egypt to retain the title on home soil next month . At continental level , the once powerful Super Eagles are anything but super . Since reaching the final of the 2000 African Nations Cup , Nigeria has failed make any meaningful impact despite parading highly-talented squads . For three successive tournaments Nigeria finished in third place before crashing out at the quarterfinal stage of the 2008 edition in a 2-1 defeat by Ghana . Kwesi Nyantakyi , the 39-year-old president of the Ghana Football Association  GFA  , believes the country is reaping the dividends of a professional approach through the implementation of a five-year business plan , which has attracted massive injection of cash through corporate sponsorship from kit sponsor Puma and mining , banking , brewery and telecommunication firms . "  When we took over in 2005 we realized that one of the biggest problems we faced was the availability of timelines of funds needed to prepare the teams adequately , provide the necessary incentives for the players and numeration for the technical staff , " Nyantakyi says . "  The availability of funding timely and an autonomy for the federation has helped us execute our plans effectively and this is showing in our recent impressive performances . " Beyond monetary considerations and administrative stability , Ghana is also reaping the rewards of years of investment in youth football which has produced players like Essien and Muntari -- and now new kid on the block Adiyiah and others . For now , the country seem to have regained bragging rights as the superpower in West Africa .	Ghana becomes first African nation to win football 's Under-20 World Cup Result part of shift in balance of power in West Africa from Nigeria to Ghana Ghana has stars including Michael Essien , Sulley Muntari , Dominic Adiyiah Nigeria has star players but national team struggles with poor infrastructure
Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon , is author of the new book "  Cheating Death , " which will be published next month . This article originally appeared in the September 20 , 2009 , issue of Parade and Parade.com . Parade  -- I am going to let you in on a secret : When a person 's heart stops beating , it 's not the end . Contrary to what you may think , death is not a single event . Instead , it 's a process that can be interrupted . Sanjay Gupta says the latest CPR techniques can save the lives of vicitims of cardiac arrest . Mike Mertz knows this firsthand . On January 23 , 2008 , the 59-year-old Arizona man was driving home from work . The last thing he remembers is pulling into his complex 's driveway . Then his heart stopped . Corey Ash , a passing UPS driver , noticed a silver Saturn wedged between a palm tree and a wall , with the engine running and a person slumped at the wheel . Ash stopped to investigate . He switched off the car 's engine , pulled Mertz out , and laid him on the ground . Ash called 911 and started pumping the older man 's chest . The next few minutes would be absolutely critical for Mertz . If you had been there , standing over Mertz 's lifeless body , would you have known what to do ? A person 's life can slip away in a few minutes . Without a heartbeat , circulation slows to a halt . Blood no longer flows to the organs , and the brain is the first one to suffer . In normal times , the brain , which constitutes 2 percent of our body mass , consumes about 20 percent of the oxygen the body takes in . After 10 seconds without oxygen , the brain 's functions slow . Without oxygen or signals from the brain , other organs begin to break down . Diaphragm muscles no longer contract and release to bring in air . The kidneys stop filtering blood . At the same time , an elaborate chain reaction triggers a breakdown in cells throughout the body . Parade.com : 4 diseases you can fight with exercise Scientists and physicians are now learning that this process can be reversed . When it comes to cardiac arrest , however , the chances of surviving an episode outside a hospital are poor . Only 2 percent of victims pull through without long-term damage . The No. 1 thing that has been shown to make a difference is the action of a bystander . If a passerby jumps in and gives CPR , as Corey Ash did , the likelihood of survival rises significantly . But if onlookers do nothing , those chances drop -- fast . According to the American Heart Association , for every minute that goes by without someone attempting CPR , the survival rate decreases 7 to 10 percent . Studies have found that bystanders perform CPR in only 20 to 30 percent of cases . Researchers say it 's not because people do n't want to help -- it 's because they 're apprehensive about putting their mouths on someone else 's , especially if the person is dying . But what I 'm about to tell you may change your mind about what you can do in a situation like Mertz 's . More than 15 years ago , cardiologist Gordon Ewy and researchers at the University of Arizona 's Sarver Heart Center were puzzling over how to get more people to give CPR . To simplify the method , they wondered what would happen if they advocated performing compressions without mouth-to-mouth respiration . After running successful laboratory trials , Ewy spoke to emergency-services directors in Arizona , Wisconsin , and Missouri . They were intrigued by his findings and agreed to promote the use of compression-only CPR among people in their states . They also implemented a protocol for their paramedics and firefighters that emphasized giving chest compressions with minimal interruptions to keep the patient 's blood circulating . Parade.com : 8 ways to stay healthy The results were remarkable : Not only were survival rates for people who got only compressions just as good as those for people who got traditional CPR , they actually were better . Why was it so effective ? Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation supplies oxygen , which we need continuously . As it turns out , our bloodstreams contain plenty of oxygen at any moment . Even if we stop breathing , our oxygen levels remain normal for quite a while . If we do stop breathing , however , the sole way to make the oxygen circulate is by having someone pump our chests . In 2007 , Japanese researchers revealed the results of a massive study on bystander intervention . They looked at cases where a person  not in a hospital  suffered cardiac arrest in view of a bystander -- and with his or her heart in a rhythm that would respond to a defibrillator . The survival rate was 11 percent for those who got standard CPR -- mouth-to-mouth plus chest compressions -- before an ambulance arrived . The rate was 19 percent for those who got only compressions . The act of keeping oxygen circulating could increase a victim 's chances of surviving by as much as 70 percent . This is not a fancy technology born in a gleaming lab , yet it is one of the most significant recent breakthroughs in medicine . Because heart disease is the biggest killer in the United States , this simple act could save thousands of people 's lives every year . Like Mike Mertz 's . Shortly after Corey Ash began CPR , paramedics trained in the compression-only technique arrived . Thanks to them and to an alert bystander , Mertz survived . One day , the bystander could be you . Parade.com : 7 habits for a longer life Remember : As soon as you see someone suffer what you think may be cardiac arrest , call 911 , start giving chest compressions 100 times a minute , and do n't stop for anything . To get more information and to find classes in your area in emergency cardiovascular care , go to the American Heart Association Web site . Advances in saving hearts  Stem cells : Back when I was in medical school , I learned that any damage to the heart from a heart attack was permanent . This past summer , Mayo Clinic researchers working on mice converted adult scar cells into stem cells , which they injected into damaged hearts . The cells restored heart-muscle performance , stopped the progression of damage , and regenerated injured tissue . Scientists at Mayo tell me this will soon be tested on humans .  Drug-releasing stents : People at risk for heart disease who have a blockage in the vessels supplying blood to their hearts may undergo an angioplasty to open the vessel . Afterward , doctors often insert a stent  a mesh tube  to continue holding the artery open . The newest stents serve a dual role : They also release medication that prevents scar tissue from developing .  CRP testing : You should have your cholesterol levels checked regularly . But you might also ask your doctor about getting your C-reactive protein , or CRP , checked . It is a marker for inflammation , a powerful risk factor for heart disease . Changes in diet and exercise can usually reduce high CRP levels .	Gupta : Death is not a single event ; it 's a process that can be interrupted Without a heartbeat , circulation slows to a halt ; brain is first organ to suffer In CPR , compressions are more important than mouth-to-mouth breathing Compressions keep oxygen-rich blood circulating to brain , other organs
Raven-Symone , who played 3-year-old Olivia on the 1980s sitcom "  The Cosby Show , " indicated for the first time Friday that she is a lesbian . "  I am very happy that gay marriage is opening up around the country and is being accepted , " the actress said in a statement through her representatives . "  I was excited to hear today that more states legalized gay marriage . I , however am not currently getting married , but it is great to know I can now , should I wish to , " she said . Earlier Friday , Symone posted a tweet : "  I can finally get married ! Yay government ! So proud of you . " In response to media inquiries after that tweet , her representatives said that "  Raven is not getting married . She was just supporting the fact that she heard on NPR that more states legalized gay marriage today . " Symone then subsequently issued her official statement . In the past , she has said her sexual orientation was a private matter . "  My sexual orientation is mine , and the person I 'm datings to know . I 'm not one for a public display of my life , " she wrote on her Twitter page in May 2012 . After "  The Cosby Show , " Symone was featured with Eddie Murphy in his "  Dr. Dolittle " films and starred in Disney Channel 's "  That 's So Raven . "	Raven-Symone says "  It 's great to know " she can have a legal gay marriage "  I , however am not currently getting married , " she says In the past , she said her sexual orientation was a private matter She starred in "  The Cosby Show " in the 1980s and more recently on the Disney Channel
Beijing  CNN  -- Prominent human rights activist Hu Jia , who was released over the weekend after serving a 31/2 - year sentence , is promising his parents he will be "  careful " in the future . In a phone call to CNN affiliate iCable News in Hong Kong on Sunday , Hu said his parents had asked him to not clash with the system . "  Once I saw my family , I understood how much I owe them , especially my parents , my wife and my kid . I realize I 've done nothing for them . There is a Chinese saying that ` patriotism and filial piety do n't go hand in hand , ' " he said in the phone call . "  They told me to be a good citizen and do n't clash with the system . This system is very brutal . It uses government 's power to violate people 's dignity . I can only tell my parents , I will be careful . " Chinese authorities released Hu on Sunday , days after freeing renowned dissident artist Ai Weiwei . Hu , 37 , denounced China 's human rights record in a series of articles ahead of the 2008 Beijing Olympics and was later sentenced to 3.5 years in prison for "  inciting to subvert state power . " He also has been active on AIDS issues in China . Ai , the conceptual artist turned government critic , was released Wednesday on bail after authorities detained him for nearly three months for tax evasion , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . On Sunday , police guarded entrances to Hu 's apartment compound and patrolled surrounding streets . Zeng Jinyan , his wife , appeared unreachable via phone or the Internet . Zeng told CNN Friday that authorities started 24-hour surveillance on her several days before Hu 's expected return . In an interview last December , she predicted a virtual prisoner 's life for the couple in their housing complex , called Freedom City . "  Hu Jia told me that he wo n't change , and police told him they may put him under house arrest in that case , " she said . "  I 'm prepared for it . " "  As long as there 's no democracy or the rule of law in China , our situation wo n't change at all . " Last year 's Nobel peace laureate Liu Xiaobo , also a rights activist , was convicted of the same crime as Hu . Liu is still serving an 11-year jail term . Activists say the Chinese government , worried about potential uprisings inspired by the Arab Spring , has been increasingly tightening its grip on freedom of expression , targeting not only political dissidents but also intellectuals and artists . In his phone call to iCable , Hu talked further about his parents and his responsibility toward them and others like them . "  My parents are very old . How many parents are like my parents ? Others , too , are also in pain but not getting as much attention and help from you all as I did , " he said . "  These people are more isolated . I can only try my best to comfort my parents and comfort the others too . "	Hu : Patriotism and filial piety do n't go hand in hand The government uses its power to violate people 's dignity , he says He was released Sunday after serving a sentence for "  inciting to subvert state power "
The Occupy Wall Street protest may be the answer to a favorite question of social scientists ever since the bank bailouts of 2008 -- where is the social movement ? Americans are famously willing to tolerate a relatively large amount of income inequality  especially compared to our European counterparts  . Americans love meritocracy , and are typically quite happy to see hard work rewarded , even to the tune of millions of dollars , as is often the case on Wall Street . But there is a catch -- we want the rules of the game to be fair . Recent scandals involving Wall Street banks and financial institutions , headed by some of the world 's most well-paid managers , executives and analysts , have many Americans asking themselves whether this game is rigged . It is this sense of injustice , coupled with economic insecurity , that animates changes in Americans ' attitudes toward Wall Street . It 's not just a small number of Americans , those who are actually "  occupying " Wall Street , who feel such injustice . That 's just the tip of the iceberg . In a paper forthcoming in the journal Public Opinion Quarterly , I examine Americans ' attitudes toward banks , financial institutions and Wall Street over the last 40 years and look at historical trends in how Americans perceive the honesty and ethical practices of bankers . Animosity toward Wall Street is at its highest level in at least 40 years . Americans have never exactly loved Wall Street stockbrokers or bankers -- but we certainly did n't always hate them . Why this increasing hostility ? The answer is a "  perfect storm " of financial turmoil and a series of major scandals on Wall Street . The public has been down on big Wall Street banks and financial institutions for some time now . The General Social Survey , administered by the National Opinion Research Council , has asked Americans about their confidence in banks and financial institutions since 1973 . Between March of 2006 and March of 2010 , the percent of Americans with a great deal of confidence in banks and financial institutions plummeted 19 percentage points , from 30 percent to an all-time low of 11 percent . According to a similar trend from Harris Interactive , the percent of Americans with a great deal of confidence in the people running Wall Street had already reached an all-time low of just 4 percent by February of 2009 . These figures are not just a reflection of Americans ' dissatisfaction with the size of their bank accounts -- they also reflect the increasing belief that Wall Street is playing a game that only the bankers can win . Economic hard times , such as global recessions , do tend to bring about small , but noticeable drops in the public 's confidence in Wall Street , just as we might expect falling confidence in a military that is losing a war . But when economic downturns coincide with major scandals , as in the savings and loan crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s and our current dilemma , the biggest changes in public confidence result -- changes that may have contributed to the protests we are seeing on Wall Street today . In other words , Americans really begin to get angry when there is evidence of systematic foul play . To be sure , material hardships such as unemployment rates in the 9 percent range and the continuing high levels of foreclosures and bankruptcies undoubtedly set the stage for a public outcry . But this outcry has a distinctly moral tenor . The sentiments of the Occupy protestors holding signs reading "  Blame Wall Street Greed , " "  People not Profits " and "  Wall Street was the Real Weapons of Mass Destruction " certainly echo the wider American public 's sense of moral indignation . Just 26 percent of Americans in an April 2011 Harris poll thought the people working on Wall Street were "  as honest and moral as other people "  for a point of comparison , the percentage was 51 in 1997  . In that same poll , 67 percent of Americans agreed that "  most people on Wall Street would be willing to break the law if they believed they could make a lot of money and get away with it . " Ultimately , whether Occupy Wall Street is a watershed moment or a momentary disturbance remains to be seen . The key question , however , is whether the bubbling populist outrage evidenced in Occupy 's "  We are the 99 % " signs will translate into populist-friendly politics . The Buffett Rule , calling for millionaires to pay taxes at higher rates than their employees , is one , albeit timid  as the political scientist Larry Bartels has recently articulated  , indication that the new political calculus involves tapping into this brand of populism . Elizabeth Warren 's Senate campaign is another . At minimum , the visibility of the Occupy Wall Street 's movement should bring renewed attention to a political and economic issue the majority of Americans on Main Street agree upon -- something 's not quite right on Wall Street and something has got to be done about it .	Lindsay Owens : Polls show a spike in Americans ' lack of confidence in finance She says Americans react to scandals such as the 2007-8 financial crisis Financial turmoil is another factor that weakens confidence in Wall Street , she says Owens says key question is whether this disapproval translates into reforms
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice defended the Bush administration 's policies on the interrogation of terrorism suspects Sunday , saying former President George W. Bush would not have authorized anything illegal . Condoleeza Rice says George W. Bush was clear that interrogations during his presidency should break no law . "  He was also very clear that we would do nothing -- nothing -- that was against the law or against our obligations internationally , " Rice said during an appearance at a Washington school . A Senate Intelligence Committee report released in April showed Rice was among top Bush advisers who approved the CIA 's use of waterboarding -- a technique considered a form of torture for centuries -- on terrorism suspects in its custody . Recently released Bush administration memos showed Justice Department officials argued that waterboarding , sleep deprivation and other coercive practices did not violate U.S. laws against torture . The disclosures have led to calls for investigations of former Bush administration officials . But Rice said Bush "  was only willing to authorize policies that were legal in order to protect the country " after al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . "  I hope people understand that it was a struggle , it was a difficult time , " she said . "  We were all terrified of another attack on this country because September 11 was the worst day of my life in government -- watching 3,000 Americans die because these people attacked us . " But she added , "  Even under those most difficult circumstances , the president was not prepared to do something illegal . " President Obama has banned the use of techniques such as waterboarding , which he called torture . His administration released the Justice Department memos in response to a lawsuit from the American Civil Liberties Union , and he called the legal reasoning behind the memos "  a mistake . " Unlike former Vice President Dick Cheney , who criticized the release of the documents , Rice did not criticize the Obama administration 's decision . iReport.com : Share your take on interrogation techniques "  I have said many times that the Obama administration is now in power , and he 's my president , too , " she said . "  And , I owe him my loyalty . I will not agree with everything that they do . I will not agree with everything that they say . "	Bush "  was only willing to authorize " legal interrogations , ex-secretary of state says Senate report says top Bush officials gave CIA approval on waterboarding Bush administration memos argued waterboarding did not violate U.S. laws President Obama , calling waterboarding torture , has banned technique
CNN  -- The Commonwealth Games was hit by a fresh doping scandal Saturday after former world 400m champion Amantle Montsho of Botswana failed a drugs test . Montsho , who was the defending her Commonwealth title in Glasgow over her specialist distance , tested positive after Tuesday 's final for the banned stimulant methylhexaneamine . The 31-year-old had finished a disappointing fourth at Hampden Park behind a Jamaican clean sweep led by Stephanie McPherson . A statement from the Commonwealth Games Federation  CGF  said : "  In accordance with the CGF anti-doping standard for the Commonwealth Games , the CGF federation court conducted a provisional hearing this afternoon to consider an adverse analytical finding submitted by Amantle Montsho of Botswana , after the women 's 400 metres final on July 29 . "  The athlete 's A sample was found to contain methylhexaneamine , prohibited as a stimulant under class s6 of WADA 's Prohibited List . "  Ms Montsho was notified of her A sample result and has asked for her B sample to be tested , which will take place at the accredited laboratory in London on Monday August 4 . " Montsho was feted in Botswana after claiming the Commonwealth Games crown in Delhi in 2010 and she built on that success to take the world title in 2011 . She finished second to Britain 's Christine Ohuruogu in her defense of that title in Berlin last year and came into the Glasgow Games as one of the favorites . Montsho is by far the most high profile athlete to have failed a drugs test at the Games . Earlier this week , 16-year-old Nigerian weightlifter Chika Amalaha was stripped of her gold medal after giving positive tests for prohibited diuretics and masking agents . Welsh track and field competitors Rhys Williams and Gareth Warburton were withdrawn from their respective competitions before the start of the Games after failing doping controls . The track and field action at the Games concludes later Saturday , with six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt running the anchor leg for Jamaica in the 4x100m relay .	Botswana 's Amantle Montsho fails drugs test Montsho tests positive for banned stimulant at Commonweath Games Montsho is a former world 400m champion Usain Bolt to highlight final day of track and field at Games
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Four U.S. soldiers have been charged with cruelty and maltreatment of four subordinates in Iraq after a suicide investigation brought to light alleged wrongdoing , the military said Friday . There is no confirmed evidence that the suicide , which involved a fifth subordinate in the unit , was a result of any mistreatment , said Lt. Col. Kevin Olson , a spokesman for Multi-National Division-South , who said the military is looking into that possibility . Charges were brought Wednesday against three sergeants and a specialist with the 13th Cavalry Regiment out of Fort Bliss , Texas , accusing them of engaging in "  verbal abuse , physical punishment and ridicule of subordinates , " according to Olson . He described the physical punishment as falling into the category of "  undue calisthenics . " "  Accusations of cruelty and maltreatment are taken very seriously , and we will investigate this isolated incident thoroughly , " said Brig. Gen. David Elicerio , deputy commanding general for Multi-National Division-South . Olson said the Army does not believe the maltreatment of subordinates went beyond the soldiers ' unit . The four were identified as : All four soldiers have been removed from their unit . Olson said Army officials have spoken to the four subordinate soldiers and are offering them any help they need . The suicide investigation began on August 4 , Olson said . On that day , a Defense Department news release said that Pvt. Keiffer P. Wilhelm , 19 , of Plymouth , Ohio , died in Iraq of injuries sustained from a noncombat-related incident . He was assigned to a unit from the 1st Armored Division at Fort Bliss , the release said .	Suicide probe uncovers alleged wrongdoing in Iraq , U.S. military says Four soldiers charged with cruelty and maltreatment of four subordinates Spokesman says there 's no confirmed evidence alleged actions led to suicide Allegations include verbal abuse , physical punishment
CNN  -- Sony Computer Entertainment is making a big play in internet-connected hand-held gaming with a 3G-enabled PlayStation portable system and smartphone game platform unveiled Thursday . In addition to cell and Wi-Fi chips for accessing online services , the new PlayStation gadget looks like its predecessor but has a 5-inch touch-screen and a second analog stick , which is useful for controlling first-person shooters like "  Call of Duty . " Speaking of which , "  Call of Duty , " alongside other gun-play franchises like "  Killzone " and "  Resistance , " will have versions for the new system . Other games include "  Uncharted , " "  LittleBigPlanet " and "  Wipeout . " Games come on memory cards , and some can be downloaded directly to the device . Sony is doing away with the mini discs it pushed with the original PlayStation Portable . The new system is tentatively being called Next Generation Portable , or NGP , but that will likely change before it launches late this year . Weirdly , NGP also has a touch-sensitive pad on the back of the device , which game developers can consider when thinking up all kids of wacky applications . Motorola , another mobile hardware maker , tried something similar with the Backflip smartphone , but the concept did n't take off . The PlayStation system 's finger-friendly back is really the frosting on an array of sweetly stacked ingredients in this high-tech gadget . The system has a blazing fast , quad-core processor to help move those graphic-intensive games . It has cameras on the front and rear and a microphone . There are also sensors inside for detecting location and motion , like those found in top-of-the-line smartphones . With a holiday launch window still quite a long way off , Sony was mum on details such as a firm release date , price and , as you 've probably noticed , a definitive name for the thing . The announcement , made during a news conference in Tokyo , Japan , Thursday , did n't come as a surprise to gadget enthusiasts . Several images of different hardware concepts leaked to blogs . Peter Dille , a Sony executive , told CNN in October that the current PSP system is limited by not having cell connectivity . During the news conference , where Sony announced the system , the company also provided some tidbits on a smartphone-focused game platform . Called PlayStation Suite , the software will work on Android devices approved by Sony , which will probably include phones and tablets from Sony Ericsson . Details were scarce , but the platform would presumably provide phones with access to high-quality games and perhaps movie downloads . PlayStation phones and the upcoming PlayStation hand-held , with its built-in 3G service , will have a major focus on social networking features , Sony said .	Sony unveils a new PlayStation portable system to launch late this year The system has 3G cell service , a touch-screen and a touch control pad on the back For smartphones and tablets , Sony will launch PlayStation Suite for Android gaming
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Garbage dumps are generally not associated with thriving coral reefs , vast mangrove plantations and rare bird species . Yet on Pulau Semakau off Singapore , this is exactly what you will find : just beside a secluded ecological zone that harbors dozens of rare plant , bird and fish species lies the world 's first ecological offshore landfill . Located 8 kilometers south of Singapore and covering an area of 3.5 square kilometers , the Semakau Landfill was designed by engineers and environmentalists at Singapore 's National Environment Agency  NEA  . It consists of two small islands that have been connected by a rock embankment . The area inside the landfill is divided into 11 bays , known as ` cells ' , which are lined with thick plastic and clay to prevent any harmful material from seeping into the sea . Since the landfill was put into use in 1999 , four of the 11 cells have been filled , covered with earth and planted with grass . The landfill , which cost around $ 400 million , can hold up to 63 million cubic meters of rubbish , enough to satisfy Singapore 's waste disposal needs until 2040 . Clean and odor-free What distinguishes Semakau from other landfills is that it is clean and free of smell . Two thirds of the material that comes to Semakau has passed through one of the city 's four incinerators , reducing it to approximately ten percent of its original volume . Waste from construction material is also processed , while toxic waste like asbestos is packaged in such a way that it can not leak into the surrounding environment . Two mangrove groves that were destroyed when the embankment was built have been replanted near the landfill and today they serve as biological indicators for the local environment . If they were to start dying , it would be seen as a sign that harmful material had leaked from the landfill . Scientists expected that some of the mangroves would not survive the relocation , but today they cover 1.4 square kilometers around the island and even have to be cut back in places -- a sign that the landfill is indeed leak-proof . Flourishing wildlife Together with the island 's other ecosystems such as seagrass meadows , coral reefs and sandy shores , the mangroves serve as a habitat for a variety of birds , fish and plants . The decision to build a landfill off Semakau was taken in the 1990 's when the previous landfill on the main island had nearly reached capacity . "  As land is scarce in Singapore , it was decided from the outset that the new sanitary landfill in the smaller islands would be designed as an environmentally friendly facility which would be used to meet Singapore 's land use needs when it was eventually filled up and closed , " the NEA explained in an official statement . Every effort was made to minimize the impact on the local environment so that the area beside the landfill , which always had a rich flora and fauna , has remained intact . "  Great effort went into making sure that the impact of the landfill on Pulau Semakau 's biodiversity was minimized . In fact , biodiversity remains high and we have not lost a single species because of the landfill , " says Wang Luan Keng , an education and research officer at the Raffles Museum of Biodiversity Research  RMBR  in Singapore . New species She adds that as the island 's various ecosystems continue to flourish , scientists are still discovering new species on Semakau . In July 2005 , the government decided to open the western part of Semakau up to the public for recreational purposes . Today there are guided nature walks along the island 's coast , while sports fishing and bird watching associations also organize special excursions to the island . "  When we do the tours around the island , we have a powerful message , " says Ria Tan , an associate at the RMBR and owner of a popular Web site , wildsingapore.com . "  We tell people : ` Look how beautiful this is , and imagine what could be destroyed if the landfill had to be expanded . ' This makes them think and when they go home they are more careful about how they deal with waste . " Rich biodiversity Thus , the Semakau Landfill project has inadvertently turned into more than just a trash dump ; it is becoming an educational project and could serve as a model for sustainable urban development around the world . "  The rich biodiversity around the sanitary landfill shows that development and environmental protection can co-exist and need not be mutually exclusive , " says the NEA . "  It is of course a compromise , but in the context of urban living I think it is a good one . Some nature lovers criticize the project , but in the end we have to throw our rubbish somewhere and this is a good solution , " says Tan . Wang agrees . "  I see Semakau Landfill as a great way of striking a balance between the need of urban development and nature conservation . " ... . Are ecological landfill islands a viable solution for our waste ? Would you live on a landscaped landfill ? Share your stories and read what others have to say in the forum .	Singapore has built the world 's first ecological landfill island Birds , fish and plants have flocked to the island 's mangroves The island hosts nature walks , fishing and bird-watching excursions The landfill will eventually be used to meet Singapore 's land use needs
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The operators of two vessels involved in the "  duck boat " accident on the Delaware River two summers ago have reached a $ 17 million settlement with the victims and the families of the two Hungarian students who died that day . The families of the Dora Schwendter and Szabolcs Prem will split $ 15 million , and nearly 20 other victims who involved in the accident will split $ 2 million . Schwendter , 16 , and Prem , 20 , died on July 7 , 2010 , when a sludge barge towed by a tugboat plowed into the disabled , 33-foot "  Ride the Ducks " tour boat they were riding on the Delaware River , plunging the amphibious vessel and its 35 passengers and two crew members underwater . Their families filed wrongful death lawsuits against K-Sea Transportation of East Brunswick , New Jersey , which operated the tugboat guiding the barge along the river , and Ride the Ducks of Norcross , Georgia , which operated the tour boat . Ride the Ducks issued a statement saying it is "  glad to bring closure to this sad chapter " and expressing sympathy , noting that "  as parents ourselves , we are sorry for what they have experienced . " On the second day of a federal trial that began Monday , U.S. District Judge Thomas O'Neill , who presided in the nonjury trial , halted the proceedings and told the parties in the case to work out a settlement . The parties negotiated from noon Tuesday to late Wednesday afternoon . It was not disclosed how the payment of the settlement would be divided by the two companies . A lawyer representing the families of the two victims said the decision was a wake-up call for the transportation industry . "  To lose an only child is a parent 's worst nightmare , " said Robert Mongeluzzi from Saltz , Mongeluzzi , Barrett & Bendesky law firm . "  They still remain in search of closure , but they wanted us to find out what happened and make sure it did n't happen again . " During his opening statement , Mongeluzzi played a video clip of the accident that showed Schwendtner throwing a life preserver to Kyle Burkhardt , the duck boat  s first mate . "  Sixteen-year-old Dora Schwendtner throws her life preserver to Kyle Burkhard to save his life . And , because of the defendants ' failures , she lost hers , " Mongeluzzi said . In testimony Tuesday , Kevin Grace of Waterloo , Illinois , who was aboard the duck boat with his 9-year-old daughter when it was struck , described the chaos of that day as "  the most horrific thing " he had ever witnessed . "  The initial impact came with loud screams and cries from the rest of the people on the boat , " Grace said . "  As I got near the window , the boat turned and pitched , and the river rose up and just swallowed us . " He added that he was unable to secure a life jacket on himself and only managed to get one over his daughter 's head . "  The only thing I could do was reach up and grab a handful of hair and just hold on , " he said . "  Under no circumstances was I going to let go . Her lifeline was my hand on her hair . " "  It was like being a washing machine with a bunch of strange objects , shoes and clothes and people people flailing underwater , " he said . The distracted tugboat pilot who crashed the barge into the sightseeing craft is serving time in federal prison for his criminal conduct associated with his role in the accident , federal prosecutors said . Matthew R. Devlin , 35 , of Catskill , New York , pleaded guilty on August 1 , 2011 , to one count of misconduct of a ship operator causing death , and was sentenced to a year and a day . In addition to the prison time , he also will spend three years on supervised release . Devlin admitted that he was distracted by his cell phone and laptop for an extended period of time before the collision , that he piloted the tug , the Caribbean Sea , from its lower wheelhouse where he had significantly reduced visibility , and that he did not maintain a proper lookout or comply with other essential rules of seamanship , according to federal prosecutors . He also surrendered his Coast Guard-issued license as a mate , according to federal prosecutors . Based on federal sentencing guidelines , Devlin could have received up to four years in prison . CNN 's Michael Teng contributed to this report .	The families of two Hungarian students who died will split $ 15 million The disabled "  Ride the Ducks " tour boat was struck by a barge on July 7 , 2010 Survivors of crash receive $ 2 million in settlement for $ 17M total Pilot of the tugboat is serving prison time for causing the accident
CNN  Two bombs exploded at the entrance to a popular mall Sunday night in Bangkok , police said . There were no injuries , Lt.Gen . Prawut Thavornsiri , spokesman for Thai police , said on Twitter . Two IED-type bombs had been placed behind an electric converter booth , he said . The blasts took place at around 8 p.m. , when the mall , called the Siam Paragon , was crowded . The first explosion forced an elevated train to halt service for about 30 minutes . The immensely popular luxury shopping mall was the most Instagrammed location in the world in 2013 .	The blasts rocked the entrance to an immensely popular shopping mall There were no injuries , police said The mall was the most Instagrammed place in 2013
CNN  Jordan has executed two imprisoned jihadists in retaliation for the murder of its pilot , Lt Moaz al-Kassasbeh , by ISIS . The executions follow Jordan 's initial agreement to release one of the jihadists , Sajida al-Rishawi -- a demand made by the group through a video statement by one of its Japanese hostages -- in return for the pilot . The release of a gruesome video by ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , on February 4 , showing al-Kassasbeh being burnt alive triggered the Jordanian decision to carry out the executions few hours later . In doing so , Jordan has dragged itself deeper into the Syrian conflict and exposed further weaknesses in the strategy followed by the U.S.-led international coalition set up to fight ISIS . Neither of the jihadists executed by Jordan are connected with ISIS in its current incarnation , but with al Qaeda . For example , one of them is Ziad Karbuli , an Iraqi national linked with the late al Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and who had been detained in Jordan on death row since 2006 . Through their execution , therefore , Jordan has inadvertently strengthened the link between ISIS and al Qaeda . This is significant because the two groups have been engaged in a battle over resources and legitimacy since the start of the Syrian conflict . ISIS has been trying to present itself as the "  true " al Qaeda , causing the latter to increase its military activities worldwide as well as within Syria to affirm its influence . Despite initial condemnation of the brutality of ISIS , al Qaeda 's Syrian offshoot Jabhat al-Nusra has recently begun engaging in similar activities itself , such as beheadings and other forms of public violence . One reason behind this is that al-Nusra has felt upstaged by the Islamic State and has escalated its violent acts in order to assert its presence in the face of its rival . But another reason is that the actions of the international coalition set up to fight ISIS have pushed the two groups together . The coalition airstrikes in Syria have targeted both ISIS and Jabhat al-Nusra , thereby presenting the groups with a common enemy . The Syrian regime 's attacks on ISIS following the organization 's advance in Iraq in June 2014 also shifted the position of ISIS away from the regime , aligning the organization with Jabhat al-Nusra , which still regards fighting the Assad regime as its primary objective . In the Qalamoun area bordering Syria and Lebanon , ISIS and Jabhat al-Nusra have begun cooperating against the Syrian regime and Hezbollah . The coalition 's mediocre support for the moderate Syrian opposition in southern areas of Syria not only contributed to the Free Syrian Army 's vulnerability to attack by al-Nusra brigades but also pushed some members of the two entities to maintain a working relationship based on material necessity and backed by sharing the mutual goal of fighting the Assad regime . Today , several towns along Syria 's south-western border witness al-Nusra presence . In the north , a number of towns have shifted their alliance from al-Nusra to ISIS due to a number of reasons , from fear to coercion to seeking material gains . Now that ISIS and al-Nusra have been pushed towards one another even more as a result of the Jordanian executions , a similar shift of allegiance is likely in southern Syrian towns as well . If that were to happen , Jordan , which has borders with southern Syria , would find itself with ISIS on its doorstep overnight . This bears bad news for the coalition . The south is where the Free Syrian Army retains more control than anywhere else in Syria , and where the coalition is planning on empowering the moderate opposition through training and weapons provision . Being confronted with ISIS in the area derails this plan . The presence of ISIS in the south would also push Jordan to escalate the level of its engagement in the Syrian conflict . It will be forced to change from a supporter of its patrons , the United States and Saudi Arabia , in their fights against ISIS and into a participant in frontline warfare with the organization . This will in turn trigger further entrenchment by not just those two countries but also other members of the coalition in the war as they scramble to aid their Jordanian ally in its fight against ISIS . Such a development would heighten the reactive nature of the coalition 's strategy towards ISIS . Jordan 's executions have already demonstrated that countries within the coalition do not have a uniform strategy for dealing with hostage crises and act singularly and in haste . All this is playing into the hands of ISIS , which has been calculating its moves carefully -- the Jordanian pilot had been executed weeks before , Jordanian authorities believe , during which time it had been fooling the Jordanian government by demanding the release of Sajida al-Rishawi , in a build-up towards the final planned humiliation that came with the release of evidence of al-Kassasbeh 's murder . Jordan 's revenge , then , marks a major shift in the war against the Islamic State . It is a shift that is likely to change the nature of the actors in the Syrian conflict as ISIS and al-Nusra move closer to one another . It is also a shift that will trigger wider regional repercussions , and drag members of the anti-ISIS coalition into an open-ended confrontation on a wider scale than before . In the midst of all this , the moderate Syrian opposition risks becoming extinct . The international coalition therefore simply can not afford to continue to act in the Syrian conflict without having in place a harmonized , long-term , and proactive strategy that takes into account the urgent need to end the conflict through a political-military plan rather than a reactive one based on irrational retaliation and limited military activity .	Jordan 's execution of two jihadists will strengthen link between ISIS and al Qaeda , says Lina Khatib Khatib : Shift of allegiance in southern Syria could mean Jordan has ISIS on its doorstep overnight Move will drag members of anti-ISIS coalition into open-ended confrontation , she adds
CNN  -- Many people are wondering why there are so few clues about the fate of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , beginning with the lack of a distress call . This lack of a call , however , is not particularly perplexing . An aviator 's priorities are to maintain control of the airplane above all else . An emergency could easily consume 100 % of a crew 's efforts . To an airline pilot , the absence of radio calls to personnel on the ground that could do little to help the immediate situation is no surprise . This investigation may face many parallels to Air France 447 , an Airbus A330 that crashed in an area beyond radar coverage in the ocean north of Brazil in June 2009 . Like the Air France plane , the Malaysia Airlines aircraft was a state-of-the-art , fly-by-wire airplane  a Boeing 777  with an excellent safety record . The Air France flight 's string of events was precipitated by onboard faults that were automatically transmitted to the airline 's headquarters during its final minutes . While they lacked any flight parameters , these maintenance fault messages gave key clues , though not a definitive cause of that accident , before any wreckage was found . Flight data recorders are key The recovery of the Malaysia aircraft 's flight data and cockpit voice recorders would be important in determining the cause of the accident . Flight data recorders contain data from more than 1,000 aircraft parameters , including altitude , vertical speed , airspeed , heading , control positions and parameters of the engines and most of the aircraft 's onboard systems , captured several times per second . The cockpit voice recorder archives the last hours of not just cockpit voices and sounds but also all radio and onboard inter-airplane communications . A multinational team of expert investigators will be looking far beyond just the flight recorders . The detailed history of the flight crew and the airplane will be closely reviewed as well who was traveling on two reportedly stolen passports . Once the wreckage is located , an examination of the debris and its distribution will tell investigators if the airplane was intact upon impact and the angle at which it hit . Metallurgical and chemical analysis of the parts will determine the stresses and angles that caused the parts to fail , and if explosives were present . These findings of fact will drive the creation of theories by investigators about what caused the loss of the airplane and its passengers . As an example of investigators ' capabilities , we can look at the case of Pan Am 103 , a B-747 brought down over Scotland in December 1988 . Investigators were able to identify in amazing detail the sequence of events and even the individual suitcase and radio that held the explosives that destroyed the airplane . Opinion : When passenger jets mysteriously disappear Difficulty of the search Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 's route heading north from Kuala Lumpur was over sparsely populated and heavily forested mountainous areas of Malaysia and the Gulf of Thailand . Reports of a possible course reversal observed on radar could be the result of intentional crew actions but not necessarily . During Air France 447 's 3 1/2 - minute descent to the Atlantic Ocean , it too changed its heading by more than 180 degrees , but it was an unintentional side effect as the crew struggled to gain control of the airplane . The distance between the north shore of Malaysia and the southern shore of Vietnam of 250 miles is about equal to the distance between Philadelphia and Pittsburgh . The flight 's last telemetry data , as reported by flightaware.com , shows the airplane at 35,000 feet . Even with a dual engine failure , a Boeing 777 is capable of gliding about 120 miles from that altitude . This yields a search area roughly the size of Pennsylvania , with few clues within that area where remains of the aircraft might be . The visual search for any pieces of the airplane that may be floating or visible through dense jungle is under way and indeed a daunting task . In the case of the Air France plane , it was five days of intensive searching before the first floating wreckage was found . It took nearly two years to locate the remains of the aircraft on the ocean floor 12,000 feet below , broken into thousands of pieces by the impact with the water . Location of the wreckage may be aided by underwater locator beacons on the airplane 's flight recorders , if they have not been damaged in the impact like those on the French plane were . In contrast , the Gulf of Thailand has a maximum depth of only 260 feet , with the average being about 150 feet . If the aircraft is in the water , it should make recovery easier than the long and expensive effort to bring up key parts of the Air France plane from the 2 1/2 - mile deep ocean , where most of the airplane and many of its victims remain . The wreckage of the Air France flight was located in April 2011 , with the flight recorders recovered and analyzed that May . The cause of the crash was the crew 's loss of control of the airplane after the speed sensor probes became clogged while flying through a storm in the tropics . It caused the loss of reliable airspeed indications , the autopilot to disconnect and the flight controls to degrade . The investigation of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 will be sure to take many months , if not years . We will know the truth of what happened when the aircraft is found and the recorders and wreckage are analyzed . In the meantime , speculation is often inaccurate and unproductive . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Palmer .	Pilot Bill Palmer : It 's not surprising that there was no distress call from Flight 370 He says pilots are trained to focus on maintaining control of aircraft above all He says finding flight data recorders , wreckage key to understanding what happened Palmer : Based on plane 's last position , the search area is extremely large
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Thousands of people joined world leaders in the German capital Monday to remember the night 20 years ago when a euphoric wave of people power swept away the Berlin Wall and consigned the Cold War to history . In scenes calmly mirroring the events of November 9 , 1989 , crowds thronged through the center of the once-divided city , joining German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a symbolic re-enactment of the first crossing of the breached Wall . "  It was worth fighting for , " Merkel said , after crossing the Bsebrcker bridge on Bornholmer Strasse , the checkpoint where people first poured across the frontier . Merkel , the first former East German to lead the reunified country , was accompanied by Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and Polish ex-president Lech Walesa as she kicked off events to celebrate the demise of the iconic structure and remember the darker sides of the communist regimes behind it . "  It is not only a day of celebration for Germans . It is a day of celebration for the whole of Europe , " Merkel said . Merkel was joined by Britain 's Gordon Brown , France 's Nicolas Sarkozy and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev in a series of events , including solemn tributes and boisterous music concerts . At the climax , a line of 1,000 giant dominoes was knocked over along a 2-kilometer strip where the Wall once stood -- representing the domino effect the structure 's collapse had in ending communism across Eastern Europe . Memorials were to be held for the 136 lives lost of those who tried to eascape through the barrier that cut Berlin in two -- many in the so-called "  death strip " at the heart of the Wall 's fortifications . Read more in our Autumn of Change special report Thousands of people gathered at the Brandenburg Gate , the symbol of reunified Germany which once stood at the center of the no man 's land between East and West Berlin . Rock acts including Bon Jovi joined the festivities , echoing the popular music of the late 80s which soundtracked the cold night when rigid communist control gave way to an exhilarating tide of people clamoring for freedom . Testament to the powerful legacy of the Wall 's collapse have been the vivid memories recounted by many of the dramatic and emotional events before and after the fall . "  It was a circus-like atmosphere , people were enthused and exuberant and thrilled to see the Wall coming down , " said David Paul Noel of Maryland , who was working for the U.S. State Department in Germany at the time . Former CNN correspondent Richard Blystone , who watched the Wall collapse was struck by the difference in appearance of each side of the Wall "  On the west side , there was all this graffiti and dirty words , and names of rock groups and ` down with that ' -- all the chaos of a pluralistic society , " he said . "  On the eastern side , it was clean and white , just so sterile . " Though dominated by nostalgia , Monday was also an opportunity to assess progress in a reunified Germany and democratized Eastern Europe , with many airing concerns that the world still has lessons to learn from the events of 1989 . With many in Germany feeling the economic , social and psychological divisions once demarcated by the Wall , Merkel said Monday that the country had yet to fulfil promises made when East and West reunited in 1990 . "  Germany unity is not yet complete , " Merkel told public broadcaster ARD earlier . At an event in Berlin on Sunday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for renewed global action to liberate those still living under repressive regimes . "  Our history did not end the night the Wall came down , " Clinton said . "  It began anew . And this matters not only to tens of millions of Europeans , and to the United States , but to people everywhere . " She added : "  To expand freedom to more people , we can not accept that freedom does not belong to all people . We can not allow oppression , defined and justified by religion or tribe to replace that of ideology . "  We have a responsibility to address conditions everywhere that undermine the potential of boys and girls and men and women that sap human dignity and threaten global progress . " CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this story	Angela Merkel leads ceremonies to mark 20 years since collapse of Berlin Wall Thousands of people converged on symbolic Brandenburg Gate in center of Berlin Merkel says Germany still has far to go in its unification process
London , England  CNN  -- Eurostar is running tests to try to figure out what caused an "  unprecedented " six trains to break down , forcing the company to cancel all services this weekend , a spokeswoman said Sunday . The company announced later that Monday service will be halted as well to allow for more test runs . The cancellation of the England-to-France express train service stranded thousands of passengers on both sides of the English Channel on the weekend before Christmas . "  We sincerely regret having to take this decision and we understand how frustrated and disappointed travelers will be , " Eurostar said on its Web site Sunday . Five trains with about 2,000 passengers stopped running Friday night inside the Channel Tunnel , also called the Chunnel , which runs between Britain and France . A sixth train broke down Saturday after Eurostar tried to run four trains from London to the continental mainland to prepare for the resumption of normal service . About 700 people were aboard when that train stopped in the Ebbsfleet area of Kent . Eurostar is making an effort to get about 500 people in "  emergency situations " out of London , a spokesman said . They are being put on a regular train to the coastal town of Dover , England , taken across the English Channel by ferry and then by bus to Brussels or Paris , said the spokesman , who declined to be named . Eurostar is conducting a series of test trains Sunday "  to better understand the problems that have been occurring , " the company said . "  We are committed to restoring our services as soon as possible but our key priority is the safety and comfort of our customers , " the statement said . Those passengers affected by the breakdowns are being offered a full refund , another return ticket and 150 pounds in compensation . About 25,000 people should have been traveling on Saturday , Eurostar said . The company is not taking any new bookings until after Christmas , it announced , and is urging people not to come to the station Sunday . "  We strongly recommend that travelers whose journeys are not essential change their tickets for travel on a later date or have their tickets refunded , " Eurostar said on its Web site . The trains became stuck in the tunnel because the air inside was much warmer than the air outside the tunnel entrance in France , Eurostar spokeswoman Amelle Mouhaddib said . "  It 's a bit like taking a bottle of beer out of the fridge into a warm room -- within minutes it 's covered in condensation , " said Eurostar CEO Richard Brown . "  We think that was the principle cause of the electrical failures on the trains . " Brown called the number of breakdowns "  completely unprecedented . " Eurotunnel , which operates the Channel Tunnel , said it evacuated all 1,364 Eurostar passengers who were stuck Friday after the trains "  lost traction , " but one of the five trains remained in the tunnel and was blocking part of it , according to a Eurotunnel spokeswoman who asked not to be named , in line with policy . The train that broke down Saturday was being towed back to the tunnel entry so passengers could be removed and transferred , Eurostar said . The problems started after 9 p.m. Friday when the first of the five Eurostar trains became stuck . It was helped out of the tunnel by a Eurotunnel locomotive , which took it all the way to London with passengers still on board , the Eurotunnel spokeswoman said . Passengers on the second and third trains to fail were evacuated via the service tunnel to a Eurotunnel train , which brought them to the exit , she said . One of the failed trains was pulled out of the tunnel , but authorities were having difficulty removing the other , she said . The fourth and fifth trains were running close together when they failed , so Eurotunnel locomotives coupled them and either pushed or pulled them to the English side of the tunnel , the spokeswoman said . Passengers from the fifth train boarded the one in front , and Eurotunnel locomotives then towed that train to London , she said . The Chunnel is two tunnels separated by a third and smaller service tunnel , so the train that remained stuck inside did not mean the entire tunnel was blocked , the Eurotunnel spokeswoman said . The Chunnel is 50.5 kilometers  31.4 miles  long , 38 kilometers  23 miles  of which are underwater . Brown said keeping passengers on the trains is the quickest and safest evacuation method . "  Because there were five trains , it took us ... longer than we would wish to get those trains out and those passengers on their way home , " he said . Despite the stoppage of service Saturday , noncommercial vehicles , including cars , motorbikes , and camper vans , were still able to travel through the tunnel . CNN 's Paula Newton and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Eurostar trying to get about 500 people in "  emergency situations " out of London , spokesman says Tests Sunday are "  to better understand problems that have been occurring , " company says Eurostar not taking any new bookings until after Christmas , company announced Cancellation of England-to-France express train service stranded thousands
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A man who stored nearly 1,500 pounds of potassium nitrate and other chemicals in his Staten Island home and a nearby storage facility was charged with reckless endangerment Friday , according to the New York City Police Department . Police said Miguel Serrano , 57 , had bought the chemicals in bulk from an Ohio-based dealer and was intending to resell them in smaller quantities on the Internet . It was the dealer who tipped off the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives after Serrano had ordered 5,000 pounds of potassium nitrate , according to a police report . According to New York Police Sgt. Kevin Hayes , authorities found less than a thousand pounds of chemicals in the home , including potassium nitrate , sulfur , mercury , and peroxide . At the off-site storage facility , authorities found about 1,500 pounds of chemicals , mainly potassium nitrate . Late Thursday night , several residential blocks were cordoned off and a few dozen homes were evacuated in Staten Island as police searched Serrano 's home and a nearby commercial storage facility . The NYPD 's Paul Brown said there is no indication the chemicals were being used for bomb-making or anything terror-related . According to Brown , the man was buying the chemicals in bulk and reselling them on the Internet . Potassium nitrate can be used to make gunpowder and rocket fuel or to clean septic tanks . It can also be used to cure meats . Police said Serrano has been cooperating with investigators . ATF officials said no violations of federal explosives laws were discovered , but added that chemical-storage rules may have been violated . Small quantities of hydrogen peroxide , potassium permanganate , elemental mercury , iodine , sulfur , ammonium dichromate , and aluminum powder were also recovered during the raid , police said . E-mail to a friend	Potassium nitrate , other chemicals , intended to be sold in small quantities Potassium nitrate used in gunpowder but also has many legitimate uses No major laws broken or terror-related activities , man cooperating Area round his Staten Island home was cordoned off
CNN  -- It was a mother 's worst nightmare . On March 31 , 2014 , at 11 p.m. , I received a phone call from my 25-year-old son . "  Mom . I got lost , made a wrong turn and ended up at the Mexico border . I 've been surrounded by military , and I need you to know in case anything happens to me . " On April 1 , I received another phone call . "  Mom , I 've been arrested . Please get me an attorney , " Andrew said . It was the most frightening call of my life -- worse than the call from Afghanistan as my son explained , "  We have just been hit by an IED . " The call from La Mesa Prison in Tijuana , Mexico , three days later went this way : "  Mom , I am not going to make it through the night . Whatever you do , do not come down here and ask questions or do an investigation as you will be killed as well . " As Independence Day comes and goes this year , it is bittersweet to think about my son being bound by a felony arrest in a foreign country while we try to navigate a foreign judicial system . To think about my son , vibrant and ambitious , being held in the bondage of incarceration is inconceivable . This young man who valiantly fought for the freedom of others , willing to die to combat the evil of oppression and violence in two tours in Afghanistan , meritoriously promoted to sergeant on the battlefield in 2012 -- and now he is languishing in a Mexican penitentiary and experiencing captivity for the first time , as a result of one wrong turn . It is simply staggering . He has been incarcerated since April 1 , for inadvertently crossing the border with legally purchased firearms . This separation is by far more traumatic than the combat tours . Marine ` optimistic ' he 'll soon be released In Afghanistan , he had his Marine Corps brothers who always had his back . I feel like our executive branch has abandoned him , and it feels totally inhumane . The White House has not responded to us despite our petition on Whitehouse.gov , which has nearly 130,000 signatures . The White House says it will respond to petitions that get 100,000 signatures in 30 days . On a trip to Mexico in May , Secretary of State John Kerry "  raised the issue " with authorities there . I am outraged . Andrew 's situation should be considered a grave , serious and urgent concern . In the past years while reading scripture , I often paused at the directive to visit those in prison . Deep in my core was the question , mingled with fear : How , who , why ? Today I have learned to walk without shame , boldly and compassionately , through the corridors of bars and locks and have a newfound perspective for those imprisoned . Incarceration of a loved one is a heart-wrenching , soul-searching experience that can debilitate , consume and potentially destroy both the captive and his free loved ones . Marine tells of abuse in Mexican prison It is a difficult journey , but there is rest to be found in understanding that God 's timing is perfect . I take huge comfort in that , and this is what keeps me going and fortifies my strength and helps me to persevere when I ca n't see God 's plan . The saying , "  Trust his heart when you ca n't trace his hand " is something I really have had to implement . Through faith , I will continue choosing not to be crippled by the weight of the dismay , trauma , and disbelief associated with this , and I will be steadfast in my determination to overcome the barriers of this injustice . My strength , focus and vision come both from the Lord and from the solidarity and outreach of so many good folks on both sides of the border and around the world . I am not journeying alone as I have poured out my broken heart to so many . And it feels as if they symbolically cupped my tears and replenish me continuously with flowing waters of hope and support . I fear that my son 's plight is getting lost in current events happening on the ground in Mexico , but I know that through the collective strength of prayer and the unified focus of individual Americans standing together as advocates , there will be victory for Andrew .	Mother of Marine being held in Mexico says this separation is worse than his combat tours Jill Tahmooressi says her son expressed fear he would not make it He was arrested after crossing into Mexico with several guns in his car Jill Tahmooressi is relying on her faith to get her through this
CNN  -- These are tough times for idealistic revolutionaries . Pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong know that taking on the Chinese government has never been an easy task . Their chance of success gets worse by the day . There are signs that this could end badly . China 's Communist Party is sending clear messages that it has no intention of yielding to the protesters ' demands , warning of "  unimaginable consequences " if the protests do n't end soon . The worst case scenario is that these peaceful and highly disciplined protesters could end up crushed by the Chinese regime just as their predecessors were in 1989 at Tiananmen . Yes , the arc of history tends to bend toward justice , but the conditions and timing have to be right . Based on official statements , China is in no mood to be pressured to change . The international community is too worried about the instability in the Middle East and too busy to meddle with China 's political problems . Hong Kong 's activists , who were prepared well for this moment and are committed to avoiding violence , have the moral support of people beyond China 's borders , but not much more . And China believes it has little to fear from international reaction . When the United States issued mild statements in support of an "  open system " and the "  highest possible degree of autonomy " for Hong Kong , Beijing promptly shot back that this is China 's internal domestic affair and others should stay out . Sure , if China brings about a bloodbath in Hong Kong , investors may take their chips and go to Singapore or other competing regional hubs . It is not completely risk-free for Beijing to go on the offensive against peaceful protesters . But China is controlling the message at home , trying to inoculate the country from a pro-democracy contagion . It would rather avoid a nasty confrontation , but it may decide at some point that a prolonged standoff is riskier than a swift violent crackdown . China 's highly self-assured president , Xi Jinping , has three possible courses of action , and all the evidence is that he has ruled out the one leading to compromise . Instead , he has issued his response in language that signals complete inflexibility . The Communist Party newspaper presented Xi 's position almost as a doctrine , practically written for long-term use . They called it "  The Three Unwaverings , " a determination to continue on the current course of implementing the existing policies of "  one country , two systems , " in "  advancing democratic development according to the law , " and in "  safeguarding long-term prosperity and stability . " When China speaks of safeguarding stability , it means change will come -- if at all -- very slowly and under the complete control of the central government . The Hong Kong students , in contrast to the Tiananmen Square protesters , are not demanding that China become a democratic country . Their demands are much more modest . All they want is Beijing to keep its word . When Hong Kong stopped being a British colony to join China in 1997 , Beijing agreed voters there would choose their own leaders through universal suffrage by 2017 . Now China has said all voters in Hong Kong can participate in those elections , but they will have to choose between candidates approved by a committee loyal to Beijing 's leaders . That 's not true democracy , the protesters say , quite correctly . The man who helped negotiate the 1997 handover , the last British governor of Hong Kong , agrees that Beijing is in brazen violation of the agreement . But President Xi , who has been adding to his authority and may have already become the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao , is not going to let the masses of democracy-loving people in Hong Kong tell him what to do . More importantly , he will not allow them to give the rest of China any crazy ideas about choosing their own leaders or about pressuring the authorities to make concessions by holding protests . China 's Communist Party worries about three things over all others : social stability , economic growth and its hold on power . They view anything that threatens one of those goals as a challenge to be quashed . A mass protest demanding democracy in the most prosperous city in the country -- Hong Kong 's umbrella revolution -- threatens all three , even if the protesters are not trying to overthrow the Communist Party 's rule . Xi has already been trying to maneuver through an economic slowdown . Periods of economic uncertainty are the most dangerous times for a political system . Activists in the mainland say he has already tightened repression and surveillance against dissidents . And that was even before the umbrellas came out in Hong Kong and volleys of tear gas persuaded tens of thousands of people to come out in support of the young protesters . For now , Beijing is allowing the local government in Hong Kong to deal with the crisis . But its patience is wearing thin . The students are digging in , persuaded of the rightness of their cause . If Beijing does send out the troops -- the People 's Liberation Army forces already garrisoned close to where the "  umbrella revolution " demonstrators are holding their protests -- international reaction will prove even less determined and more ineffective than it did in Beijing after that tragic night in Tiananmen Square 25 years ago Beijing knows that if it crushes the protests , there will be little appetite in other countries for major economic sanctions against China . Both rich and poor economies have become reliant on Chinese markets . If it 's any consolation , this moment is not lost . The times are tough for democratic revolution , but history really is on the side of protesters . As Hegel said , history steadily brings the awareness of one 's freedom , followed by its realization . Hong Kong is gaining that awareness . But achieving true democracy will take longer .	Frida Ghitis : These are tough times for idealistic pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong Ghitis : Let 's hope there wo n't be a repeat of Tiananmen Square violence She says China appears unwilling to allow flexibility , so protesters have few options Ghitis : Even if the standoff leads to Chinese crackdown , other nations will unlikely to interfere
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A racially charged demonstration against the Israeli government 's handling of immigration from Africa turned violent Wednesday night as protesters attacked foreign workers , shattered car windows and vandalized a shop owned by a Sudanese migrant . Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said 17 men were arrested in the event and brought to a Tel Aviv court Thursday morning . They are charged with attacking residents and Israeli police and damaging property . The demonstrators carried signs with the slogans "  Infiltrators get out of our houses " and "  Tel Aviv -- a refugee camp . " They were accompanied by three members of the Knesset , Israel 's parliament . Miri Regev , a Knesset member from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud party , referred to illegal immigrants as "  a cancer in our society " and promised to do anything possible to send them back to their home countries . But Netanyahu denounced the attacks in a special statement Thursday . "  The problem of infiltrators must be resolved , and we will resolve it , " he said . "  We will complete the construction of the security fence in several months and soon will start the process of sending the migrants back to their home countries . "  Yet , I would like to stress that the expressions and acts that we have viewed last night are unacceptable , " he continued . "  We will solve the problem and will do so responsibly . " And Knesset speaker Reuven Rivlin criticized the members who took part in the march , saying politicians must help restrain public anger and come up with solutions rather than fan racially-charged flames . "  We must not be dragged into incitement and the language used by anti-Semites against Jewish people , " Rivlin said . The migrants and security problems in the Sinai Peninsula has prompted Israel to step up construction of a steel fence that will run the 260-kilometer  162-mile  border with Egypt . An estimated 60,000 Africans have crossed illegally into Israel thorough its southern border with Egypt in recent years -- about 700 a week , according to Israeli police . Tensions between local residents of Tel Aviv 's working class neighborhoods and illegal African immigrants have seen new highs this month following a couple of highly publicized cases in which Sudanese migrants were arrested on charges of sexual assault against young Israeli women . Sigal Rosen , a spokeswoman for a hotline for migrant workers , says she ca n't understand the demonstrators ' actions -- "  but I certainly understand their hysteria . " "  Objectively , they are right , " Rosen said . "  The load on the infrastructures is intolerable , and the city does nothing to improve their condition . " But Rosen blames a government that refuses to legalize their status and allow them to work freely across the country . "  The only way to prevent these immigrants from coming here is by physically shooting at them as they cross the border , as is done by the Egyptians , " she said . "  It is clear to me that Israel would not do such a thing and therefore nothing would prevent them from continuing to arrive . Even imprisonment is better than what they experience in their home country . "	Protesters smashed windows and attacked foreign workers during the protest Netanyahu condemned the attacks and said he 'd fight illegal immigration "  responsibly " Knesset speaker blasts members who took part in the demonstration
He calls himself Jah ` Keem Yisrael on Facebook . But he grew up as Alton Nolen , a good kid raised in a loving home , said a woman who identified herself as the mother of the Oklahoma beheading suspect in an online posting . Nolen , 30 , is expected to be formally charged in last week 's fatal attack at the Moore , Oklahoma , food processing plant from which he 'd just been fired . Police accuse him of beheading one woman and attacking another before being shot by the company CEO , also a reserve deputy . Nolen was in stable condition Monday . Charges will include first-degree murder and assault with a deadly weapon , according to Jeremy Lewis , spokesman for the Moore police . The spokesman said Nolen was cooperative and forthcoming with detectives . "  He was n't trying to hide anything , " Lewis told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Nolen allegedly told investigators that he felt oppressed at work -- particularly over not getting a raise , a law enforcement official said . While his Facebook page included images of Osama bin Laden and an apparent beheading , there 's no indication that Nolen was motivated by terrorism , a second law enforcement official said . Whatever the motivation , the violent image was at odds with the one offered by those who said they were his sister , mother and friends -- none of whom said violence was part of his personality . "  My son was raised up in a loving home , " the woman who identified herself as his mother said in a Facebook posting Sunday . "  My son was raised up believing in God . My son was a good kid . I know what they 're saying he done , but I 'm going to tell you this : That 's not my son . " The video was posted to the Facebook page of a woman named Megan Nolen , who said she was Alton Nolen 's sister . "  Alton , my brother , he 's always been a great person , a loving person , " Megan Nolen said in the post . "  He 's always been a people 's person , he 's never been a violent person , so for something like this to have happened , we 're all still in shock right now . " The brutal attack also seemed out of character to Karla Dunn , who was friends with Nolen 's younger siblings , according to CNN affiliate KOCO-TV in Oklahoma City . "  He was really just a normal person , " Dunn told the station . "  He was polite . If you asked him to do something , he did it . It was like no red flags actually that I could ever think of . " At some point , that no-red-flags life seems to have taken a turn . In 2006 , CNN affiliate KOKI-TV in Tulsa reported , Nolen was arrested after a police officer saw him throw bags of crack cocaine and marijuana out a car window as he was being pulled over for traffic violations . Out on probation in 2010 , he was stopped for an expired tag when a trooper learned he had outstanding arrest warrants , KOKI reported . He struggled with the trooper , then escaped only to be arrested 12 hours later , the station reported . In 2011 , he was convicted on drug , resisting arrest and escape charges and sent to prison . In online prison records related to that incident , authorities note that in addition to a "  Jesus Christ " tattoo on his chest and praying hands on his right arm , he had the Arabic words for "  peace be upon you " tattooed on his abdomen . The Facebook page where Nolen posted under the name Yisrael -- confirmed by police to be his -- features a cover photo of fighters holding a machine gun and a rocket propelled grenade launcher . U.S. beheading suspect to be charged It also features numerous messages related to Islam but offers no hint he was planning an attack or that it had anything to do with his religion . The law enforcement official who spoke to CNN on Monday said Nolen had watched beheading videos , but it was unclear if they were linked to ISIS . And another law enforcement official told CNN on Monday that there was no indication of a link to terror . Nolen 's problems at work including getting in trouble for his performance and for trying to convert co-workers to Islam , the second official said . While it 's unclear when Nolen himself converted , his Facebook page abruptly changed from posts featuring song lyrics , talk about football and other topics to posts almost exclusively related to Islam in April 2013 -- shortly after he was released from prison . Among the posts are screeds condemning the United States as "  wicked " for failing to help Palestinians during the recent hostilities with Israel . His last post condemned masturbation . Leaders at the mosque he sometimes attended said he was quiet , not outgoing , and that there was no sign of violent tendencies in his personality , according to KOCO and The Oklahoman newspaper . "  The only time I ever said anything to him was one time , " Saad Mohammed , spokesman for the Islamic Society of Greater Oklahoma City , told KOCO . "  He was in the mosque and he had his Quran and prayer rug on the floor . And I said , ` Hey , pick it up because I do n't want the Quran on the floor . ' And he picked it up and he sat down . That 's it . "	Suspect was forthcoming , cooperative , police say Charges will include first-degree murder , assault Suspect felt oppressed at work , law enforcement source tells CNN No indications of link to terror , another source says
New Delhi  CNN  -- An unspecified number of Indian sailors have died after an explosion and fire on a navy submarine at a dockyard in Mumbai , authorities said Wednesday . Rescue efforts are under way at the scene following the blast and "  major fire " early Wednesday on the INS Sindhurakshak , the defense ministry said in a statement . Defense Minister A.K. Antony later said that some officers had lost their lives , but he did n't give any details on how many had died . The Russian-built submarine has mostly sunk from the damage , the defense ministry said , and only a part of it is visible . About 18 people were on board the vessel at the time of the blast , it said . Images carried by CNN sister network IBN showed the night sky over the port area lighted up by the explosion and blaze , which began shortly after midnight . Navy and civilian firefighters were called into action at Mumbai 's naval dockyard to tackle the flames and rescue survivors . By Wednesday afternoon , the navy had taken sole responsibility for the rescue effort , Mumbai fire chief Suhas Joshi said . An inquiry has been ordered to determine the cause of the explosion , the defense ministry said . In 2011 : Probe , repairs ordered after Russian nuclear submarine fire Refitted in Russia The Sindhurakshak was commissioned in 1997 , according to the Indian Navy . It was refitted in a Russian shipyard between August 2010 and January of this year , Russian state new agency Itar Tass reported . The redesign included the installation of new missile , communication and cooling systems , as well as a new radar , the agency said . It reported that the upgrade also included other measures to improve the submarine 's combat quality and operational safety . The crisis at the Mumbai dockyard Wednesday comes after India launched a home-built aircraft carrier Monday in a bid to join a select group of nations capable of building such warships . In 2012 : Vacuum cleaner blamed for fire on nuclear submarine CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . Joseph Netto in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : The defense minister confirms some deaths but does n't say how many About 18 people were reportedly on board when the blast happened Rescue efforts are still under way The Russian-built submarine has mostly sunk following the explosion and blaze
CNN  -- Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to spend $ 50 million of his own money to build a state-by-state grass-roots network focused on stemming the tide of gun violence by expanding the background check system for gun buyers . His new organization , Everytown for Gun Safety , will bring together Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Moms Demand Actions for Gun Sense in America , two gun control groups he already funds . Everytown for Gun Safety will focus on 15 states because , Bloomberg says , we 've got to work at gun control "  piece by piece . " There 's no disputing that gun violence in America needs to be tackled . Bloomberg is making a sizable investment , $ 30 million more than what the NRA -- the largest U.S. lobby group for gun rights -- spent in the 2012 election cycle . But there are two problems . First , do we want mega-rich individuals to influence public policy or sway voters with their wealth ? And , second , just as we need a federal immigration policy instead of piecemeal state legislation , do n't we need a federal gun control policy ? I grew up in a family that owned guns . My father was a homicide detective and a member of the police department 's SWAT team . He was also a hunter , as was my maternal grandfather . My stepfather , as a member of the Air Force , was well-trained in firearms . As a child , I was taught the basics of gun safety , and I often accompanied one of these men when they honed their hunting skills through target practice or skeet shooting . Even though I was familiar with guns , they scared me , and I often worried that my father would be fatally shot by a criminal . This worry ended when he retired from the police force , but my fear of guns persisted . The recent fatal shootings at Fort Hood and the Jewish Center in Kansas City have again brought my gun fears to the surface . I do not welcome the fears , but I do appreciate how the shootings have renewed the debate about gun control in Washington . Perhaps Bloomberg 's new gun control group will fuel the debate further . Bloomberg is n't the only one who cares about this issue , but he may be the most prominent . We need more big voices to get involved in solving the problem of senseless gun violence in America . But we also need to get some basic facts straight . -- Guns kill . The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence reports that an average of 86 people are killed by guns every day in the United States . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that between 2000 and 2010 , more than 300,000 people died from guns . -- Guns are the most common weapon used in murders and manslaughters . Handguns comprised 72.5 % of the firearms used in murder and non-negligent manslaughter incidents in 2011 : 4.1 % were with shotguns , 3.8 % were with rifles ,18.5 % were with unspecified firearms . -- Children are often victims of gun violence . Eighty-two children under 5 years old died from firearms in 2010 , and half of all juveniles killed in the same year were killed with a gun . As reported by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention , nearly three times more children were injured by firearms in 2010 than the number of U.S. soldiers wounded in action the same year in the war in Afghanistan . -- Guns kill young African-American men more than anything else . In deaths of 15 - to 24-year-olds , firearms homicide rates in the United States are about 43 times higher than in other developed countries , and for young African-American men ages 15-24 , it 's the leading cause of death . For African-American male youth , firearms homicides surpass unintentional injuries , cancer , HIV and other diseases combined . Of course , gun rights advocates often point out that people do n't need guns to kill . They can use other weapons such as knives . This is true , but in practice people are nowhere near as likely to get killed with a knife . In America , of 14,022 homicides in 2011 , 11,101 were committed with firearms . The rate of fatality is nearly four times higher when someone uses a gun rather than a knife to assault another person . Stronger background screenings of potential gun owners would be a good start to curtailing firearm deaths . A study to be published in a forthcoming issue of Journal of Urban Health shows that when Missouri repealed a handgun law in 2007 that required all handgun purchasers to verify that they had passed a background check , the murder rate increased by 16 % , adding 55 to 63 murders per year . Even before the results of the study were released , many Americans -- including most gun owners -- supported universal background checks . That 's just one reason for Congress to pick up the issue of gun control again . Another is that since the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , which was the last time there was a serious debate about gun control , there have been 44 more school shootings and 28 deaths . Now that the debate has again been sparked , let 's try to find ways that would both preserve individual rights and make guns less responsible for deaths . A common sense approach is offered in the 2013 book "  Reducing Gun Violence in America : Informing Policy with Evidence and Analysis " by Daniel Webster and Jon Vernick , with a forward by Michael Bloomberg . We should strengthen background checks , ban assault weapons and magazines that fire more than 10 rounds , and fund research on what actually works to end gun violence . If you agree , please follow something my father , an avid gun lover , liked to say : We need to make it tough to get guns because too many careless people use them to end petty arguments and squabbles . Let 's not try to do it state by state . Let 's take a stance as a nation .	Michael Bloomberg is spending $ 50 million to stem the tide of gun violence Jill Koyama : We need a federal policy rather than piecemeal state legislation She says we need to strengthen background checks and ban assault weapons Koyama : We must find a way to preserve individual rights and reduce gun violence
CNN  -- Juventus moved to within a two points of a third straight Serie A title after coming from behind to beat lowly Sassuolo 3-1 Monday . The victory re-opened an eight-point cushion over chasing Roma with three rounds of the Scudetto still to be played . Roma have kept doggedly in pursuit of their rivals , with a fine win over Milan Friday . But this latest victory for Juve will allow Antonio Conte 's men to place one hand on the trophy . They were given an early fright at the Stadio Citta del Tricolore when the home side took a shock lead as Simone Zaza scored with a low shot past Gianluigi Buffon . Juventus took until the 34th minute to equalize as Carlos Tevez scored from outside the area with a fine shot after an assist by Claudio Marchisio . Andrea Pirlo put Marchisio clear to add the go-ahead goal in the 57th minute and Stephan Lichsteiner crossed for Fernando Llorente 's third to seal the three points on 76 minutes . Conte 's men are next in action Thursday at their own Juventus Stadium in Turin , looking to overcome a 2-1 deficit from the away leg of their Europa League semifinal with Benfica . He still fielded a strong team against Sassuolo , who were missing a number of players through injury and suspension and are involved in a relegation scrap in the lower reaches of Serie A. Meanwhile , Arsenal cemented a likely fourth place in the English Premier League and Champions League qualification for next season with a 3-0 home win over slumping Newcastle . Visiting manager Alan Pardew was allowed pitch side after his seven-game touchline ban but it made little difference to his under performing side . After an even opening , Arsenal took the lead through Laurent Koscielny after slack marking by the Newcastle defense following a free kick . German star Mesut Ozil added a second from close range just before halftime . Ozil set up Olivier Giroud for a clinching midway through the second half , his 15th league goal of the season and condemning Newcastle to a sixth straight defeat . Arsenal have moved four points clear of fifth-placed Everton with both having just two games left of the season in the EPL .	Juventus win 3-1 at lowly Sassuolo in Serie A Goals from Carlos Tevez , Claudio Marchisio and Fernando Llorente for Juve Arsenal beat Newcastle 3-0 in English Premier League Arsenal open four-point gap over fifth-placed Everton
The world 's largest flying aquatic insect , with huge , nightmarish pincers , has been discovered in China 's Sichuan province , experts say . According to the Insect Museum of West China , local villagers in the outskirts of Chengdu handed over "  weird insects that resemble giant dragonflies with long teeth " earlier this month . Several of these odd critters were examined by the museum and found to be unusually large specimens of the giant dobsonfly , which is native to China and Vietnam . The largest one measured 21 centimeters  8.27 inches  when its wings were open , according to the museum , busting the original record for largest aquatic insect held by a South American helicopter damselfly , which had a wingspan of 19.1 centimeters  7.5 inches  . Large enough to cover the face of a human adult , this scary-looking insect is also known among entomologists as an indicator of water quality , says the museum . The giant dobsonfly makes its home in bodies of clean water and is highly sensitive to any changes in the water 's pH as well as the presence of trace elements of pollutants . If the water is slightly contaminated , the giant dobsonfly will move on to seek cleaner waters . The insect can be found in other provinces in China , India 's Assam state , and in northern Vietnam . This is the first time it has appeared in Sichuan province . MORE : Asian giant hornets and other terrifying creatures MORE : Deadly giant hornets kill 42 people in China MORE : Attack of the giant African land snails	Giant dobsonfly with 21 centimeter  8.27 inch  wingspan found in Sichuan for the first time This may be the world 's largest aquatic flying insect The presence of the dobsonfly indicates clean water is nearby
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly seven decades after the attack on Pearl Harbor , thousands of Japanese-American World War II veterans were honored Wednesday at a Congressional Gold Medal ceremony held at the U.S Capitol . In a rare moment of unity , Democratic and Republican Senators and members of the House of Representatives praised Japanese-American soldiers of the 442nd Regiment Combat Team and the 100th Infantry Battalion and veterans of the Military Intelligence Service for their contribution to the war . "  Aloha and welcome , " said House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , at the start of the invitation-only event inside the Capitol 's Emancipation Hall . About 1,000 people witnessed the ceremony in person , including several aging Japanese-American honorees and their families who waited years for this day . When World War II began , Japanese-Americans were not invited to serve . Two years into the war , the U.S. military created an all-volunteer Japanese-American combat team who soon adopted the slogan "  Go for Broke . " Most of its roughly 20,000 members were born in the United States to Japanese-born parents . They went on to become one of the most decorated American units in the war , yet when they returned home , many faced discrimination . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said Wednesday 's "  long-overdue honor " is now "  bestowed on American heroes . " "  You fought not only the enemy , you fought prejudice , and you won , " Pelosi said . Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , said the ceremony "  demonstrates the greatest of America , a nation that recognized that it made mistakes , corrected them and moved on to become a stronger country and we are proud to defend the freedoms and ideals that this country represents . " Read a profile of one of the veterans , Susumu Ito President Barack Obama signed legislation last year approving the creation of a Congressional Gold Medal for Japanese-American veterans . The medal states in part , "  The United States remains forever indebted to the bravery , valor , and dedication to country that these men faced while fighting a two-front battle of discrimination at home and fascism abroad . Their commitment demonstrates a highly uncommon and commendable sense of patriotism and honor . " One recipient , Sen. Daniel Inouye , D-Hawaii , received a standing ovation when he rose to speak at the event . He said the road to recognizing Japanese-American World War II veterans "  has been a long journey , but a glorious one . I 'm certain those who are resting in cemeteries are pleased with this day . " Inouye , who lost his right arm while leading his men of the 2nd Battalion , 442nd Combat Team in an attack against German machine gun nests in Italy , received the Medal of Honor 55 years later , in 1999 . George Otsuki , now almost 92 , who was a sergeant serving in the 442nd , called the recognition "  wonderful . " "  The public found out what we did , " he told CNN , "  and that 's the main thing . " Frank Mizufuka , who was born in Los Angeles and served as a sergeant in the same unit , said "  it was a once-in-a-lifetime , extraordinary event . " Mizufuka , 89 , said he spent a year in a hospital recovering from a chest wound he received in combat . "  I did n't believe I 'd live to see this day , " he said .	More than 20,000 Japanese-Americans served in World War II They were honored in an event Wednesday in the U.S. Capitol Rep. Adam Schiff : The event "  demonstrates the greatest of America " Sen. Daniel Inouye : Recognition "  a long journey , but a glorious one "
TIME.com  -- Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  is the most common neurobehavioral disorder among children , and as incidence of the condition continue to rise , parents and patients are asking what happens next . How does ADHD affect children as they become teens and adults and start to form relationships , find jobs and establish families of their own ? Does the condition put them at a disadvantage for coping with life 's inevitable challenges ? With 5.4 million children ever diagnosed with ADHD in the U.S. , and 3 % to 7 % of school-aged children currently struggling with the condition , it 's worth considering how ADHD affects their adult lives . TIME.com : Why youngest kids in class most likely to be diagnosed Rachel Klein of the Child Study Center at New York University Langone Medical Center and her colleagues studied the potentially long-term effects of ADHD among men who were diagnosed as kids . In their 33-year follow-up study , Klein and her team looked at 135 middle-aged men with childhood ADHD who were referred to the study by their teachers when they were between six to 12 years old . The researchers compared this group to 136 men without ADHD and found that men with ADHD struggled more in occupational , educational , economic and social arenas later in life compared to men without the diagnosis . TIME.com : New definition may make ADHD easier to spot in adults At the 33-year follow-up , when the men were in their forties , those with childhood-diagnosed ADHD without conduct disorders had about 2.5 years fewer years of education compared to the other men ; only 3.7 % had higher degrees compared to nearly 30 % of the control group . The majority  84 %  were holding jobs , but at significantly lower positions than peers without ADHD and were therefore at a financial disadvantage . On average , the researchers say , the ADHD group earned $ 40,000 less in salary than their unaffected counterparts . Socially , men with ADHD also struggled with higher divorce rates , more antisocial personality disorders and substance abuse . On the positive side , however , they did not have higher rates of mood and anxiety disorders , like depression . TIME.com : 25 % of adults who seek treatment do n't have ADHD Overall , the ADHD adults showed higher rates of psychiatric hospitalizations and incarcerations , which the authors conclude supports a continued need for monitoring and treatment of kids with ADHD , even when a conduct disorder is not present . Dr. Klein says even when children with ADHD are not disruptive , they may still be at a higher risk for developing antisocial behaviors later on , like lying , stealing and cheating . But addressing the needs of children with ADHD , by providing academic support in school to help them overcome their frustrations and challenges in paying attention and retaining what they learn , and by giving them emotional support from the family , can given these students the coping skills they need to meet their adult challenges  $ " in the workplace , in relationships and in social interactions  $ " as well . "  One of the very important messages -LSB- from our findings -RSB- is that most kids -LSB- with ADHD -RSB- do OK , and some do very well . As a group they did well , " says Klein . While ADHD 's effect can linger into adulthood , it does n't have to be either debilitating or inevitable . "  It does affect their lives , but not to the point that they 're very badly off , " she says . The study was published online in the journal Archives of General Psychiatry . This story was originally published on TIME.com Men Diagnosed With Childhood ADHD Struggle More with Jobs , Relationships	Three to 7 % of school-aged children currently struggle with ADHD Study followed 135 middle-aged men who were diagnosed with ADHD as children Men with ADHD struggle with higher divorce rates , substance abuse
CNN  Serena Williams has won 19 grand slam singles tennis titles , including six U.S. Opens and five Wimbledons . She has four Olympic gold medals . For years , she 's had a reputation as one of her sport 's top players . Yet for all her myriad accomplishments , Williams says one of her "  biggest ... and proudest moments " came Friday night -- in the second round of a tournament in Indian Wells , California . It 's not who she was playing , but where . The Indian Wells Tennis Garden is where Williams was booed during the 2001 finale . Her older sister , Venus , got similar treatment in the stands , and her father Richard told USA Today he was subjected to racial abuse . Afterward , Serena Williams vowed she 'd never go back . She kept true to that promise for 14 years , a time when she often dominated her sport . On Friday , Williams was back . And instead of jeers , there were cheers . And tears , shed by Williams during the crowd 's loud , boisterous , more than minute-long ovation . "  I knew that I really wanted to do it , " Williams said afterward of her return to Indian Wells . "  But up until that moment , I did n't really know if it was the right thing for me to do . "  And I feel like that 's when I felt it was the right thing , " she said of her welcome . " ... Receiving the love from the crowd here , it really meant a lot to me . " The BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells , just east of Palm Desert , California , is n't a grand slam but is one of the top tournaments in tennis . As such , top players go there to battle the best and prove their mettle . That 's what brought Serena Williams to Indian Wells in 2001 . The then-19-year-old got to the finals after her scheduled semifinal foe -- sister Venus -- pulled out minutes before the matching , citing a knee injury . Amid whispers he 'd predetermined the outcome , Richard Williams told USA Today that he "  had trouble holding back tears " given the treatment he got in the stands . According to him , one man said , "  I wish it was ' 75 , we 'd skin you alive . "  Charlie Pasarell , the tournament director at the time , denied any racial abuse in the same story ; CNN did n't hear back from him after requesting an interview . Serena Williams scored a three-set win over Kim Clijsters . But she did n't celebrate . She spent hours crying in the locker room . "  I drove  back to Los Angeles feeling as if I had lost the biggest game ever -- not a mere tennis game but a bigger fight for equality , " Serena Williams wrote in TIME magazine in February . "  Emotionally it seemed easier to stay away . " Serena speaks about nerves before 1st match back at Indian Wells The roller-coaster ride back to Indian Wells started when Williams accepted a wild-card invitation to play in this year 's tournament , a difficult decision she recounted in TIME . Her father and sister , Venus , still stayed away . While she 's been on her sport 's biggest stage for well over a decade , the world 's No. 1-ranked played admitted being nervous in the weeks , days and hours leading to her opening match . Those feelings broke out in the open as she walked onto the court , a response she called "  overwhelming " and said she "  was n't really prepared for . " The match itself was n't easy , either . Romanian-born Monica Niculescu , the world 's 68th-ranked player , challenged her for more than two hours . Still , Williams managed to overcome her competitor and her emotions to win in straight sets , 7-5 , 7-5 . Declining to reflect on the past , Williams simply said afterward , "  Today was a wonderful day for me , for women 's tennis , ... for tennis in general , and for everyone . " The 33-year-old still has a lot of matches ahead of her . That includes more at Indian Wells , whose talented field includes Maria Sharapova and Caroline Wozniacki . Still , for all her competitive fire , Williams is n't feeling much pressure to win . She feels like she has already won . "  I do n't feel like I actually have to hold the trophy at the end of this , " she said . "  I feel like I 'm already holding the trophy . And I 've never felt this way . ' I feel like just being here is a huge win , not only for me but for so many people . And it 's a wonderful feeling . " CNN 's Ravi Ubha contributed to this report .	Serena Williams ' father claimed he was racially abused at Indian Wells in 2001 She returned to the event Friday night , being met with raucous cheers -- not jeers
Columbiana , Alabama  CNN  -- Shelby County is booming . The Birmingham suburb is lined with strip malls , subdivisions , and small factories , in what was once sleepy farmland . The population has grown fivefold since 1970 to about 200,000 . Change is afoot in this bedroom community , at least on the surface . But the federal government thinks an underlying threat of discrimination remains throughout Alabama and other parts of the country in perhaps the most hard-fought franchise in the Constitution : the right to vote . Competing voices in this county , echoes of decades-long debates over equal access to the polls , now spill out in a 21st century fight , one that has reached the U.S. Supreme Court . Veterans of forgotten voting war count the cost "  I think they are looking at this situation through rose-colored glasses , " says the Rev. Dr. Harry Jones , a local civil rights leader , about the current majority white power structure in Shelby . "  I think they have painted a picture to make the outside world believe that racism is no more . But if you dig beneath the surface I think you 'll find what you are looking for . " A longtime county leader , however , says things truly have changed for the better . "  Here , now , in this decade , we have black registered voters at a percentage that is equal , and at some occasions exceeding , the voting of the white population , " says County Attorney Frank "  Butch " Ellis Jr. "  It 's hard to find that there 's any discrimination here , and certainly there 's nothing in the congressional record . " Major case for court this term Now the nine-member high court is poised to rule in coming days on whether the key enforcement provision of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965 should be scrapped , as a constitutionally unnecessary vestige of the civil rights era . Known as Section 5 , it gives the federal government open-ended oversight of states and localities like Shelby County with a history of voter discrimination . Any changes in voting laws and procedures in the covered states must be "  precleared " with Washington . That could include something as simple as moving a polling place temporarily across the street . The provision was reauthorized by Congress in 2006 for another 25 years . Shelby officials subsequently filed suit , saying the monitoring is overly burdensome and unwarranted . This case is one of the biggest the justices tackle this term , offering a social , political , and legal barometer on the progress of civil rights in the United States and the level of national vigilance still needed to ensure minorities have an unburdened path to the election process . High court poised for high-stakes rulings Test of federal authority Civil rights groups say Section 5 has proven an important tool to protect minority voters from local governments that would set unfair , shifting barriers to the polls . If it is ruled unconstitutional , they warn , the very power and effect of the entire Voting Rights Act would crumble . But the provision 's opponents counter it should not be enforced in areas where it can be argued racial discrimination no longer exists . The appeal presents the court and its shaky conservative majority with two of the most hotly debated issues in politics as well as constitutional law -- race and federalism . It will be a major test of Washington 's authority , and the extent to which the central government may consider vestiges of voting discrimination that may still linger , potentially keeping some minority voters disenfranchised . The Voting Rights Act was a monumental political achievement during the Civil Rights era . It banned such things as poll taxes and literacy tests that had long suppressed black voter turnout . States like California and Texas also have a history of discrimination against Hispanic voters . In upholding the coverage requirements , the high court in 1966 succinctly summarized the law 's purpose : "  Congress felt itself confronted by an insidious and pervasive evil which had been perpetuated in certain parts of our country through unremitting and ingenious defiance of the Constitution , " said the justices . "  Congress concluded that the unsuccessful remedies which it had prescribed in the past would have to be replaced by sterner and more elaborate measures in order to satisfy the clear commands of the Fifteenth Amendment . " The act was to expire in 2007 but was extended by Congress to 2032 . It places all or parts of 15 states with a record of past discrimination -- mostly in the South -- under strict requirements on election procedures . The Justice Department has defended continuing use of the preclearance provision in court , but the NAACP has led the charge to raise public awareness of the case . "  Closing off the paths to the polls and by trying to deter people from voting is too often practiced and trained and focused on minority communities , " said Debo Adegbile , special counsel with the group 's Legal Defense and Educational Fund , who argued before the justices in February . "  It does n't happen everywhere but it happens too much . " Shelby County is 11 % African-American , compared with 28 % statewide . Frank Ellis and his family have deep roots there . He is a former state senator and the county attorney for a half-century . His son , Corley , serves on the nine-member , all-white county commission . From his comfortable law offices , Ellis was persuaded to bring this legal fight because of what he says is a fundamental question of inequality in the Section 5 regulatory scheme . "  Over the years we realized that this burden was unfair and unjustified , " he said . "  We just elected a black member of the board of education , with a 90 % white population . We 've elected a black mayor over a white incumbent , we 've elected black city council members . " Many neighborhoods , he says , are integrated . Fast facts : Top U.S. Supreme Court decisions The dispute in Calera Ellis acknowledges a voting dispute in the city of Calera was not handled well by local officials , but chafes at the assumption things are irreparably bad in Shelby County . He says it is especially hard to disprove a negative . He is convinced that no pervasive racial bias currently exists in the county power structure . "  The South has changed , it is not the same it was in 1964 , " Ellis said . "  The whole country has changed . We are a dynamic society , not just in Alabama but everywhere . " Some have called the preclearance requirement a Scarlet Letter or badge of shame Southern states , mostly , must perpetually endure . Racism , in the minds of many African-Americans and Hispanics in the county , is subtle and deep-rooted -- a "  good ol' boy " system , as the Rev. Jones puts it . He and other civil rights activists point to the 2008 election in Calera , where only one African-American was serving , Ernest Montgomery . The city , over the objections of the Justice Department under its Section 5 authority , changed the voting boundaries , costing Montgomery his seat . He believes it was an effort to weaken minority voting strength . "  Some sub-developments were added to my district and diluted the African-American district from a 67 % district down to about 28 % , " Montgomery told CNN . "  I think of the possibility of what could happen if Section 5 could go away -- that some of the old mindsets would kind of fall back into place . " After the feds intervened , a new election was held and Montgomery got his seat back . He holds it today . The government points out that some areas have gotten out of Section 5 . In recent years , 31 cities and counties in Virginia successfully petitioned to be exempt from the preclearance requirements , though the rest of the state remains under federal oversight . New Hampshire was removed from federal oversight in March . Shelby County has not made such a request ; it opposes Section 5 on its face . Opinion : Bring voting into the digital age ` Serious constitutional questions ' The Justice Department also said the Supreme Court had , in recent years , narrowed the scope of some aspects of the Voting Rights Act . Justice Anthony Kennedy , who could prove a swing vote in the Alabama dispute , noted in an earlier unrelated case involving Section 5 that "  racial discrimination and racially polarized voting are not ancient history . " But it may be Chief Justice John Roberts who is exercising the power to lead the tricky but crucial opinion-writing exercise . That is because he authored that 2009 high court ruling , suggesting Section 5 's days were numbered . He said the preclearance provision raises "  serious constitutional questions , " and added it "  represents an intrusion into areas of state and local responsibility that is unfamiliar to our federal system . " "  Things have changed in the South . Voter turnout and registration rates now approach parity , " Roberts said at the time , echoing the views Shelby County now makes in its appeal . "  Past success alone ... is not adequate justification to retain the preclearance requirements . " The court for four years avoided the key question of the law 's constitutionality . Civil rights supporters worry the court 's five conservative members will strike down this and another pending appeal over affirmative action in public college admissions . Any dispute about voting slips inevitably into politics and efforts by both Republicans and Democrats to preserve their power bases . Section 5 lawsuits have been acute in the past two years . They involve challenges to constitutionally mandated boundary changes in state and congressional districts based on the 2010 census ; new , stricter voter identification requirements ; and reductions in early voting periods . Those fights are now clogging the federal courts . Some conservative groups have argued that "  ancient formulas " are being applied today , not to erase discrimination , but to benefit a particular political party . Some liberal activists counter Section 5 and federal oversight are being demonized by many on the right for purely partisan gain , and to divide Americans again over race . In Shelby , both sides know the nation is watching and know the stakes will ripple widely . "  I 'm not saying everything 's perfect , " Ellis tells CNN . "  But I 'm saying , very few of the non-covered jurisdictions can give you a success story like I 've just given you out here in Shelby County . " "  I agree that things have changed in the South and they are better , " says Jones , senior pastor at New Mount Moriah Missionary Baptist Church in Calera , "  but they have n't reached the point where we could do away with Section 5 yet . "  It 's a lot better , but it still lives , discrimination still lives , and I 'm not willing to trust  voting enforcement  into the hands of people whose motives are not pure . " The case is Shelby County v. Holder  12-96  . CNN 's Joe Johns and Stacey Samuel contributed to this report .	The leaders of Shelby County , Alabama , say preclearance is no longer needed Preclearance by the federal government is required for changes in voting procedures The Supreme Court is poised to rule on the question The case offers a social , political , and legal barometer on the progress of civil rights
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson "  had a real monkey on his back " with a longtime drug addiction , his family kept it secret from the world and it led to his overdose death , a lawyer for AEG Live said . The concert promoter 's defense against the Jackson family 's wrongful death lawsuit began Tuesday and will include testimony from "  all of the many , many doctors " who treated Jackson over the past decades , AEG Live attorney Marvin Putnam said . AEG Live executive John Meglin , who is the CEO of the Concerts West division , returns to the stand Wednesday after testifying Tuesday that Dr. Conrad Murray 's request for $ 5 million to work as Jackson 's personal physician was a topic at a meeting of the company 's executive committee . Jackson lawyer Brian Panish said that was an important revelation that would help his case . Panish pressed Meglin on the question of if he agreed with his boss , AEG Live President Randy Phillips , who testified that he thought Jackson was the greatest artist of all time . "  I think that Michael 's very big in the pop world , but the Rolling Stones are bigger , or Led Zeppelin , " Megline said . "  I 'm a rocker . " Defense witnesses will also include a parade of Jackson family members , including a return appearance by matriarch Katherine Jackson , who just concluded two days of testimony as her lawyers presented their case . "  They kept his private world private as best they could and now they would like to blame somebody else for things that only they knew privately , " Putnam said . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live , which was producing and promoting his comeback concerts , is liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray . Jackson 's mom faces cross examination in death trial Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death , which the coroner ruled was caused by an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . The doctor told investigators he was using the drug to treat Jackson 's insomnia as he prepared for his "  This Is It " debut in London . Jackson , not AEG Live , chose and controlled Murray , Putnam argued . He said in his opening statements at the start of the trial 12 weeks ago he would show jurors "  ugly stuff " about Jackson to prove that AEG Live executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments the doctor was giving in the privacy of Jackson 's bedroom . Michael 's mom speaks The appearance of Katherine Jackson , Michael Jackson 's 83-year-old mother , as a concluding witness in her case gave Putnam a chance to probe what family members knew about Jackson 's drug abuse history . "  There are a lot of enormous inconsistencies in what is being said and what the truth is , " Putnam told reporters Monday after he finished his cross-examination of Katherine Jackson . She "  reported to the world and to the press that he never had a problem with prescription drugs , " that he never entered drug rehab and that the family never attempted an intervention to stop his drug use , he said . "  As we now know , Michael Jackson had a longtime problem with prescription drugs , so what had been told to the world during his lifetime was n't true . " The Jackson family 's lawyer , Brian Panish , said AEG Live executives were "  in the best position to help Michael Jackson " when they saw his health deteriorating in the last two months of his life . Show director Kenny Ortega sent a series of e-mails to top AEG Live executives warning them that Jackson showed "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " at a rehearsal . "  I think the very best thing we can do is get a top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP , " Ortega wrote . "  It 's like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not waiting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state . " Production manager John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl sent an e-mail to producers saying he "  watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now . " "  They knew he was having a problem , " Panish said . "  He needed them for this concert . They could have easily told him , ` Look , until you go see the appropriate doctor and come back , we 're not going on with the rehearsal . ' They 're the only ones that really had the ability to do something about it and they chose not to . " Ortega testified this month that he thought AEG Live should have halted production on the show until Jackson was well . Mother : ' I want to know what really happened ' Despite the e-mail evidence and testimony , Putnam insisted Monday that AEG Live executives knew nothing about Jackson 's failing health . "  They had little interaction with Michael Jackson in terms of the production and promotion of that , " Putnam said , adding that the executives "  certainly " did not know "  that he was having any problems . " But Panish said the executives should have known : "  He was deteriorating in front of their own eyes . " "  They watched him waste away , " Katherine Jackson testified . Jackson testified in her first day on the stand Friday that she filed the lawsuit "  because I want to know what really happened to my son . " During cross-examination , the AEG Live lawyer played a clip from an interview she gave to NBC a year after her son 's death in which she said Michael Jackson had hired the doctor . In response , her lawyer argued she made the statement before seeing AEG e-mails indicating that the company hired him . Putnam questioned her about a statement she and several of her children signed in 2007 accusing People Magazine of publishing "  untrue and inaccurate information " about Michael Jackson 's drug use . "  We categorically deny ever planning , participating in , or having knowledge of any kind of intervention , whatsoever , " the statement read . Katherine Jackson acknowledged , however , that she participated in an attempted intervention with her son at his Neverland Ranch in 2002 . "  I wanted them to stop lying , " she testified , referring to the magazine . "  I was worried about all the lies they were telling about the family . " "  Was it a lie to say your son had a problem with prescription drugs ? " Putnam asked . "  He did not have a problem , " she insisted . Putnam later asked Jackson 's mother if she liked to "  shut your ears to bad things . " "  I do n't like to hear bad news , " she said . Jackson appeared combative at times when Putnam cross-examined her , punching back at his questions . "  What does this have to do with my son dying ? " she replied at one point . "  I think she was badgered , but that was n't the first time , " Panish told reporters later . "  In her deposition , she was asked questions like , "  Does your husband ever beat you ? ' " Doctor : Promoter knew about Jackson 's drug dependency For the pretrial deposition , she was questioned for about 12 hours over three days . Putnam denied he was being overly aggressive in his questioning of her . "  I just wanted to know the facts from her and there was no reason to be aggressive with her , " he said . "  She was combative , but you ca n't blame Mrs. Jackson for that . None of us want to find ourselves in a situation where we 're having to confront the very public death of our child . " Putnam refused to discuss why he asked Katherine Jackson in the deposition if her husband , Joe Jackson , ever beat her . "  What occurred in those depositions was confidential at Mrs. Jackson 's request , therefore I am not at liberty to go into to the private matters that we went into in that deposition , " Putnam told CNN . However , Katherine Jackson and her lawyer both brought up the question in court Monday . "  I am not going to go into what we went into about the very tragic history Michael Jackson had with his parents and father over the period of his life , " Putnam said . "  That is something we did not go into on the stand because it is not relevant . I 'm not bringing that up . " Testimony is expected to last into September , the judge told the jury .	AEG Live will question "  all of the many , many doctors " who treated Jackson , lawyer says AEG lawyer : The Jacksons want "  to blame somebody else for things that only they knew " The lawyer "  badgered " Michael Jackson 's mom during cross-examination , her attorney says AEG 's lawyer wo n't comment on questioning Katherine Jackson about beatings by husband
CNN  -- I hate public speaking . Or to be more precise , I do n't like speaking to an audience sitting in front of me that I can see in real life . I do n't mind once I am going , but waiting in the wings to go on is dreadful . For someone who has spent the best part of three decades broadcasting in some shape or form , you might have thought this would be something of a handicap . My career involves speaking to large numbers of people , but here is the point : On television and radio , I ca n't see you . PART TWO : Quest : ` On the edge of the precipice , and about to fall ' If you do n't like what I am saying , well , I am sorry but at least I do n't have to witness the grimace , the yawn or the shake of the head before you switch off . It sounds so obvious but it makes a huge difference . MORE QUEST : Scandal hit Strauss-Kahn 's struggle with public life So when I saw the poster on the London tube advertising the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts  RADA  course on public speaking for business leaders I thought to myself : "  This is for me . " I did wonder what they would be able to teach me . After all , I have been doing this sort of stuff for quite some time . I was quite skeptical that they had any tricks which this old dog could use . What I was not prepared for was the wholesale rethinking of how I go about my breathing , thinking , and ultimately delivery . It can be described in one phrase : "  Diaphragmatic breathing ! " Most broadcasters speak and breathe from the throat . We have a microphone to help us . So we never learn the art of the actor or opera singer which is to : Project to the Audience in the Upper Balcony . MORE QUEST : What makes the world 's best airline In the world of seemingly unlimited broadcasting it puts our throats under terrible strain because we do n't do it properly . Ask any of my colleagues doing hour after hour of breaking news . Eventually our voices become hoarse and give out . RADA was going to put that right . I started off with a whole load of exercises , the purpose of which seemed obscure . Wiggling hips , shrugging the shoulders , stretching the neck , running my tongue around my teeth and then saying the months of the year with a cork in my mouth . Apparently it 's all designed to open up the throat and allow the sound to flow from the vocal chords . Then the breathing . From deep down below , right to the bottom of the belly , to allow the air to carry the sound out of my mouth . It seemed to work . According to those who listened , my voice sounded richer and more rounded , less raspy and desperate . I did n't gasp for air . I was delighted . PART THREE : Greatest fear -- the job comes to the classroom Then we moved onto presentation style and content . I have been told I sound like gargling with broken glass , although I ca n't hear that . I know I am loud when I speak -- probably 8 on a scale of ten . Tactfully I was told I was too "  full on , " and that "  less is more . " I needed to be more aware in my style , less thrusting into the audience 's face . And suddenly I felt truly out of my comfort zone . This was feeding my insecurities . So I rebelled . I had tried it out a few times while presenting Quest Means Business and the results were uncomfortably bad . I was so busy trying to remember what I was supposed to be doing , I would forget what I was supposed to be saying and what came next . Of course , I was trying to run before I could walk . Claire , my RADA guide , gently reminded me that it takes time to get this right and that I should not expect changes so quickly . So , what did I learn from my RADA course ? Fifteen minutes of movement and breathing before I do a presentation works wonders . It both relaxes those parts of the body that are about to be used and prepares them for the onslaught ahead . And when it works it is wonderful . Psychologically I am much more relaxed before I speak because I feel I am ready . I will never really like standing in front of a large audience , hoping they will like me  a therapist would have a field day with that comment  but at least I am no longer nervous to the point of going to the bathroom multiple times just to get away . RADA -- My throat thanks you for giving it the rest it deserves . Are you afraid of public speaking ? Or was it something you overcame ? Share your experiences with CNN in the comments below the story .	CNN 's Richard Quest hates public speaking , despite three decades in broadcasting He decided to face his fear through a RADA course on public speaking After so many years broadcasting Quest was skeptical he could learn much Quest was tactfully told he was too "  full on " and "  less is more " -- and he listened
CNN  -- In the wake of another round of national protests against police killings of unarmed black men , many Republicans seem unable to identify with protesters or give credence to the goals of the #ICantBreathe movement . I empathize with the vast majority of cops who keep the peace on our streets and enjoy majority support from their communities across the country . These protests are n't about them . These protests are about citizens ' rattled faith in the fair delivery of justice . In any civil society , there 's a serious problem when confidence in the rule of law is shaken . Republicans who are committed to the stability of our society must acknowledge that these protests reflect real doubts in the equity of our criminal justice system . We all have a moral obligation to constantly improve it to the benefit of everyone . Whether you agree that the decision not to indict former Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting of Michael Brown was correct  as I do  , or if you think the slogan "  hands up do n't shoot " has been discredited because of witness testimony from the grand jury  I do  , Republicans ought to accept that there 's a broader problem . Look at the case of Tamir Rice in Cleveland , Ohio , or Eric Garner in Staten Island , New York , and at least a half dozen others . As a reform Republican who works for the GOP to broaden its base and reach new constituencies , I see no contradiction between supporting law enforcement and the policy solutions highlighted by these protestors . More Republicans should champion the implementation of body-worn cameras on police officers , requested by Michael Brown 's family and supported by Republican law enforcement proponent Rudy Giuliani . According to one study , body-worn cameras yielded a 50 % reduction in use-of-force incidents , and complaints against police officers dropped precipitously . We should be advocating these technologies to help protect the innocent and convict the guilty . Consider that if Wilson had worn a camera , there could be remarkably less dispute over the details of that tragedy . Republicans should also champion "  community policing " practices such as those employed by Camden , New Jersey , Police Chief Scott Thomson where creative engagement with community partners has reduced homicides by 50 % and violent crime by 20 % . Pragmatic and nonpartisan solutions will increase confidence in law enforcement and support good police while offering more transparency and accountability to citizens who have lost confidence in the justice system . Among the 2016 GOP presidential hopefuls , Sen. Rand Paul stands out on the issue of criminal justice reform because he 's consistently reached out beyond the base to communities of color . More Republicans should follow his lead on policies ranging from reforming mandatory minimum sentencing and giving felons who have already served time the right to vote . On a recent Saturday afternoon , I co-hosted an opinion panel on CNN with my friends Sally Kohn , Sunny Hostin and Mel Robbins . While we usually represent contrasting perspectives on the week 's top issues , we strive to disagree agreeably and forge common ground . That was the case this past weekend , when we jointly agreed to end the show with a salute to the ongoing #ICantBreathe protests . The photo of us four raising our hands was celebrated on social media by creative icons such as Shonda Rhimes , who tweeted , "  Inspired to see @CNN opinion voices speaking out on left and right , " and Russell Simmons , "  Glad to see diverse and bold voices on @cnn . Beautiful statement of support for humanity . " It was also condemned by conservatives who wondered why I , as a Republican , was supporting a discredited narrative . First of all , facts matter . I 've made my support for the grand jury 's nonincitement in the Ferguson case clear . But right or wrong , "  hands up " has now fused with a larger movement -- bigger than Darren Wilson and Michael Brown . I believe we all have an obligation , especially Republicans , to engage the debate and propose solutions for improving our criminal justice system . CNN is and always should be the place that breaks through left/right , black/white divides and forges common ground on contentious debates . That 's what we aspire to in our opinion panel . Our common ground broke through the tired divisions that too often dominate cable TV debates -- it sparked attention for the right reasons . It should be the beginning of a refreshing conversation about how we can come together and improve our criminal justice system .	Margaret Hoover : In the protests against police killings , GOP seems disengaged Hoover : Republicans , these protests reflect doubts about criminal justice system She says GOP should support reforming law enforcement and policing polices She and her co-hosts on CNN raised hands to support #ICantBreathe movement
China has evacuated more than 3,000 of its citizens from Vietnam and is sending ships to retrieve more of them after deadly anti-Chinese violence erupted last week over a territorial dispute between the two countries . Five Chinese ships will travel to Vietnam to help with the evacuation , the official Chinese news agency Xinhua reported Sunday , citing the Ministry of Transport . One of the ships has already set off from the southern island province of Hainan , the ministry said . Sixteen critically injured Chinese citizens were flown out of Vietnam on Sunday morning on a chartered medical plane organized by Chinese authorities , Xinhua said . Two Chinese citizens were killed and more than 100 others were injured in the violence that hit parts of Vietnam last week , according to the news agency . Some of the worst violence appeared to have taken place in the central coastal province of Ha Tinh . Foreign factories , particularly those run by companies from China and Taiwan , were burned and looted by rioters outraged over Beijing 's decision to send an oil rig into waters of the South China Sea that both countries claim as sovereign territory . Protests spin out of control Vietnamese authorities initially allowed protests , which are usually forbidden in the country , to take place over the Chinese move . But after the unrest spiraled lethally out of control , the government tried to rein in its angry citizens . On Saturday , the government sent out a series of text messages to cell-phone users saying Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung was urging people "  not to participate in illegal protests that cause public disorder and harm social safety . " Chinese officials have repeatedly called on Vietnam to take action over the riots , protect Chinese citizens and help victims . Vietnamese authorities have arrested hundreds of suspects and started legal proceedings against several of them , Vietnam 's state-run news agency VNA reported Saturday , citing Minister of Public Security Tran Dai Quang . He described the attacks as regrettable , saying dozens of police officers were injured as they tried to bring the situation under control . Ships clash at sea But out in the South China Sea , neither side appears to be showing any sign of backing down over the territorial dispute that sparked the violence . VNA on Saturday accused China of continuing to show "  its aggressiveness by sending more military ships " to the area around the oil rig . Vietnam has demanded that China immediately withdraw the rig from the disputed waters . The news agency cited Nguyen Van Trung , an official at the Vietnam Fisheries Surveillance Department , as saying that China had 119 ships in the area on Saturday morning , including warships , coast guard vessels and fishing boats . Some of the ships were provoking the Vietnamese vessels by ramming them and firing water cannons at them , he said . ` We are not afraid of trouble ' China , for its part , has continued to accuse Vietnamese ships of similar acts , saying they are trying to disrupt the oil rig 's drilling operation . It has declared a three-mile exclusion zone around the rig , which is operated by the state-owned oil and gas company CNOOC . "  We do not make trouble , but we are not afraid of trouble , " Gen. Fang Fenghui , the chief of the general staff of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army  PLA  , said Thursday during a visit to the United States . "  In matters of territory , our attitude is firm . We wo n't give an inch , " Fang said after meeting U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey . U.S. concerns Relations between China and Vietnam soured earlier this month , when the Chinese platform began drilling for oil near the Paracel Islands , which are claimed by both countries . At the time , the U.S. State Department called the move "  provocative , " saying it "  raises tensions . " Beijing has laid claim to most of the South China Sea , putting it at odds with several of its neighbors in the region , including the Philippines and Malaysia . China is also locked in a bitter dispute with Japan over a group of tiny islands in the East China Sea . "  We have to acknowledge there are territorial disputes , " including "  what exactly is the status quo and who is seeking to change it , " Dempsey said Thursday at the news conference with Fang of the PLA . His comments were a veiled reference to Washington 's view that Beijing is attempting to change the status quo by more aggressively seeking to establish control over disputed areas . Protestors torch factories in southern Vietnam as China protests escalate	China has evacuated more than 3,000 citizens from Vietnam , Xinhua reports Anti-Chinese protests in Vietnam descended into deadly violence last week The unrest was provoked by Chinese oil drilling in disputed waters Vietnamese authorities have arrested hundreds and are calling for protests to stop
CNN  -- A new Lebanese government was announced Saturday by Suhail Bawji , secretary general of Lebanon 's Council of Ministers . He announced the formation of the new Cabinet and named the new ministers in a televised news conference . The new government brings months of political infighting to an end following Prime Minister Najib Mikati 's resignation in March 2013 . Tammam Salam was named in a presidential decree as the head of the new government , the state news agency NNA reported . Another presidential decree accepted Salam 's suggested Cabinet and named the new ministers , while a third formally accepted Mikati 's resignation . There have been increased tensions in Lebanon in recent months , where sectarian divisions reflect those in neighboring war-torn Syria , and a number of explosions have rocked the capital . Mikati urged the Lebanese people last month to overcome their differences and engage in dialogue or see the situation worsen .	A new government is announced , bringing to an end 10 months of uncertainty Tammam Salam is named as the new head of government The president formally accepts Najib Mikati 's resignation as prime minister Lebanon has witnessed increasing tensions in recent months
London  CNN  -- One of England 's biggest soccer stars went on trial Monday , accused of hurling racist abuse at another player during a match last year . The normally staid chambers of Westminster Magistrates ' Court in London got an earful of shockingly foul language as lawyers and witnesses detailed what Chelsea captain John Terry said to Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand in the match . A lip reader watching a video of the incident told the court what Terry said , including two extremely obscene words . Terry did not deny directing a barrage of foul language at Ferdinand and referring to him as "  black , " but he denied engaging in racist abuse . The highly unusual criminal prosecution over words uttered on a soccer field comes as English soccer officials fight to stamp racism out of the sport , with mixed results . Liverpool player Luis Suarez was banned for eight matches when the Football Association , the English sport 's governing body , found he had racially abused Manchester United defender Patrice Evra . The chanting of racist abuse by fans also remains a sporadic problem in soccer across Europe . The Crown Prosecution Service is pressing charges against Terry for a "  racially aggravated public order offense " because of the comments during an October 23 match between Chelsea and Queens Park Rangers . Prosecutors played a video of the incident , without sound , as the case opened Monday morning . The alleged abuse came after Ferdinand knocked Terry down during the game , the jury heard . When he got up , Terry made a gesture as if Ferdinand 's breath smelled , and he called Ferdinand a "  c -- , " prosecutor Duncan Penny told the court . Ferdinand responded with the same word , saying it described Terry , not him , because Terry had had sex with a teammate 's wife , the prosecutor said . Ferdinand also made an obscene gesture related to sex as Terry ran back into position , Penny said . Ferdinand testified that he did not hear the comments Terry made at him , but that he would have been "  hurt and disappointed " if he had heard Terry call him a "  black c -- " "  When someone brings your color into it , it takes it to another level and it 's very hurtful , " Ferdinand said . Terry maintains that Ferdinand knocked him down before the incident and that the two then exchanged "  normal football verbals . " He told Football Association officials that he then repeated to Ferdinand words he thought the opposing player had said to him , Penny told the court Monday . The maximum penalty for the offense is  # 2,500  about $ 3,900  . That would be a drop in the bucket for a player worth millions , but a criminal conviction could lead to action against him by his team or England 's Football Association . Terry was captain of England 's national team at the time of the incident but was stripped of his captaincy after a preliminary court hearing on the racism charge in February . He remained captain of Chelsea , which went on to win the prestigious Europe-wide Champions League this year . The trial could last up to five days , court officials say .	NEW : A lip reader tells the court what John Terry said , including two extremely obscene words Ferdinand says he did not hear the alleged racist abuse , but would have been hurt Terry , one of England 's biggest stars , faces a potential fine of about $ 3,900 if convicted English soccer officials are struggling to stamp racism out of the sport
CNN  -- A federal judge will hear arguments Monday on a temporary restraining order against an Oklahoma referendum that would ban the use of Islamic religious law in state courts . Oklahoma voters approved the amendment during the November elections by a 7-3 ratio . But the Council on American-Islamic Relations challenged the measure as a violation of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , and U.S. District Judge Vicki Miles-LaGrange issued a temporary restraining order November 8 that will keep state election officials from certifying that vote . "  What this amendment is going to do is officially disfavor and condemn the Muslim community as being a threat to Oklahoma , " Muneer Awad , executive director of CAIR 's Oklahoma chapter and the lead plaintiff in the suit , said earlier this month . In addition , he said , the amendment would invalidate private documents , such as wills , that are written in compliance with Muslim law . The amendment would require Oklahoma courts to "  rely on federal and state law when deciding cases " and "  forbids courts from considering or using " either international law or Islamic religious law , known as Sharia , which the amendment defined as being based on the Quran and the teachings of the Prophet Mohammed . In bringing suit , CAIR argued that the amendment violates both the establishment and free-exercise clauses of the First Amendment 's guarantee of religious freedom . Awad has said the amendment passed "  under a campaign of fearmongering " about Islam . The entire U.S. Muslim population is about 2.4 million -- less than 1 percent of the country , according to a 2009 survey by the nonprofit Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . But supporters said a New Jersey case , in which a judge refused to grant a restraining order against a Muslim man whose wife accused him of raping her repeatedly , made it necessary for Oklahoma to take action to keep Islamic law from being imposed there . The New Jersey decision , in which the family court judge found the husband was abiding by his Muslim beliefs regarding spousal duties , was overruled by an appellate court . But in automated phone messages in support of the amendment , former CIA Director and Oklahoma native James Woolsey warned that there was a "  major campaign in Europe to impose Sharia law " and that Islamic law "  is beginning to be cited in a few U.S courts . "	Oklahoma voters approve an amendment barring the use of Islamic law in state courts A U.S. district judge issued a temporary restraining order on the ban earlier this month The lead plaintiff says the amendment violates the First Amendment Backers cite a judge 's refusal to grant a restraining order against a husband accused of rape
Out of the political frying pan and into the partisan fire for Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . A day after apologizing and taking responsibility for the problem-plagued Obamacare website , Sebelius got subpoenaed on Thursday by one of the fiercest Republican critics of the administration -- House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa of California . Issa told CNN that the subpoena demands documents and information relating to the HealthCare.gov website that his committee previously requested from Sebelius , adding she "  answered some questions but evaded a great many . " "  Now we really need to insist on those documents , " he said . A spokeswoman for the Health and Human Services Department noted last week that Issa 's committee began requesting a broad range of documents and transcribed interviews during the recent 16-day government shutdown . "  While we are working diligently to satisfy their interest and have repeatedly communicated our intent to cooperate , their timeline was not feasible given the vast scope of their requests , " the spokeswoman , Joanne Peters , said Thursday . "  We are disappointed that the committee believes a subpoena was necessary ; however it does not change our intent to continue to cooperate with them to produce documents as expeditiously as we are able to , " she added . Meanwhile , some top Republican members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee sent letters Thursday to Sebelius and four contractors involved in the website project requesting documents involving security concerns raised at its hearing a day earlier with the Secretary . It 's been almost a month since the website for enrolling in President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms went live . But technical problems , despite a series of advance warning signs , have impeded the system and provoked anger and frustration . Even after a chorus of apologies out of Washington , it may be another month before everything 's running smoothly . The federal agency that oversees the troubled website announced Thursday it had brought on experts from tech giants Google , Oracle and Red Hat to the team working to fix the problems . According to a blog post by Julie Bataille , spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , dozens of people were reinforcing the "  tech surge " by the administration working on the website issues . "  They come from leading technology companies such as Red Hat and Oracle , and include individuals with expertise on site reliability ; stability ; and scalability , " Bataille 's webpost said . She identified one of the new additions as Michael Dickerson , a site reliability engineer on leave from Google . On Wednesday , Vice President Joe Biden became the highest-ranking administration official to apologize for the botched rollout . "  We assumed that it was up and ready to run , " he told CNN 's sister network HLN . "  But the good news is although it 's not -- and we apologize for that -- we are confident by the end of November it will be , and there 'll still be plenty of time for people to register and get online . " That mea culpa came after Sebelius apologized for the "  miserably frustrating " problems during a 31/2 - hour congressional grilling . She said she made a mistake when she told Obama that HealthCare.gov was "  ready to go " for its October 1 launch . Sebelius promised a "  vast majority " of consumers will have an easier time shopping online for health insurance under Obamacare by the end of November . Analysis : Sebelius deals with a difficult day "  In these early weeks , access to HealthCare.gov has been a miserably frustrating experience for way too many Americans , including many who have waited years , in some cases their entire lives , for the security of health insurance , " Sebelius said . She echoed the overall administration stance -- that a team of experts is scrambling to fix the website 's errors . To the frustrated users who have had problems , she said : "  You deserve better . I apologize . I 'm accountable to you for fixing these problems . " 5 things we learned from Sebelius hearing Obama tried to log on Biden said he did n't even bother logging on to the Obamacare site . "  Actually , the President tried to get online , and my daughter tried to get online , " he said . "  I did not , because it was clear that I was not getting online . " Obama himself acknowledged that too many people "  have gotten stuck , and I am not happy about it . " "  There 's no excuse for it , " the President said . "  And I take full responsibility for making sure it gets fixed ASAP . " Glass half full ? Sebelius said the sweeping health care program has delivered on its promise to provide affordable health care coverage . Thousands have been able to access the website to look at new health coverage options that will give them security of knowing they wo n't go bankrupt if they get sick , she said . Who is Kathleen Sebelius ? Republicans have called for Sebelius to be fired for the Obamacare problems , but a White House spokesman said Wednesday that Obama has "  complete confidence " in her . "  She took responsibility for many of the problems that are evident with the  Obamacare  website , but she also deserves credit for the other aspects of the Affordable Care Act implementation that have gone well , " spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters . In fact , Obama tried to turn the tables on Republican opponents of his signature health care reforms , challenging them to come up with helpful ideas instead of undermining the federal law . "  Anyone defending the remnants of the old , broken system -- as if it was working for people -- anybody who thinks we should n't finish the job of making the health care system work for everybody ... those folks should have to explain themselves , " he said . According to the Kaiser Family Foundation website , 15.4 million people had individual health care coverage in 2011 , representing about 5 % of the population . The vast majority of Americans have coverage through their employer , Medicare , Medicaid or other public providers . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that "  a significant portion " of the 5 % of people with individual coverage will end up paying less for better policies when they shop around in the new exchanges . Early warning signs Some of the criticism surrounding the website 's launch has to do with what Obama and other officials knew -- and when they knew it . CNN has learned the administration received stark warnings a month before the launch that the Obamacare site was not ready to go live , according to a confidential report . The caution , from the main contractor CGI Federal , warned of risks and issues for HealthCare.gov , even as company executives were testifying publicly the project was on track . Administration was warned before site launch Sebelius told the House committee the outside contractors who built the website never recommended delaying this month 's launch . But she conceded that "  we did not adequately do end-to-end testing . " The contracts with the private companies working on the Obamacare website -- which amount to $ 174 million so far , with more bills due well into 2014 -- do not have "  built-in penalties " allowing her department to charge them for disappointing or faulty work , Sebelius said . But Sebelius said the agency will not pay for incomplete work . Security questions Republican Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , who chairs the House Intelligence Committee , accused Sebelius of putting the private information of Americans at risk by failing to properly test security measures on the website . "  This is a completely unacceptable level of security , " he said . "  You know it 's not secure . " Sebelius responded that testing occurs regularly , and she told Rogers she would get back to him on whether any end-to-end security test of the entire system has ever occurred . Rogers said he knows there have been no such comprehensive security tests . Memo warned of high security risk at health care website An internal government memo obtained by CNN on Wednesday that was written days before the website launched warned of a "  high " security risk because of a lack of testing . "  Due to system readiness issues , the  security control assessment  was only partly completed , " said the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services memo . "  This constitutes a risk that must be accepted and mitigated to support the Marketplace Day 1 operations . " Sebelius told CNN last week that Obama did n't know of the problems with the site -- even though insurance companies had complained and the site crashed during a pre-launch test run -- until after it went live . A senior administration official said Obama now gets a "  nightly readout " with the latest Obamacare statistics and an update of the website 's status . More : What else could go wrong with Obamacare ?	Tech giants Google , Oracle and Red Hat helping to fix HealthCare.gov House Republicans seek security documents from Sebelius and contractors Obama : "  I take full responsibility for making sure it gets fixed ASAP " Sebelius says she was wrong to tell Obama the website was ready
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- People prayed and demonstrated late Thursday outside a Manama hospital , where scores had come for treatment following a pre-dawn raid by government forces on an encampment of protesters that left at least four dead . Army vehicles , meanwhile , were patrolling the streets of Bahrain 's capital . They filled the void left by government security forces , who hours earlier had stormed protesters gathered in Pearl Roundabout , a landmark circle in the city center . The throngs congregated Thursday night near the Salmaniya Medical Complex and chanted , "  With our blood and our souls , we will fight for the martyrs , " voicing their resolve in the face of a government clampdown that has elicited sharp criticism in Bahrain and internationally . Six people have died since protesters took to the streets Monday demanding reform and the introduction of a constitutional monarchy . The tiny but strategically critical island nation of Bahrain is an American ally and houses the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . Those killed in the Pearl Roundabout raid included Ali Abdullah , a 22-year-old who went to the protests with his 20-year-old brother , his father told CNN . The college senior , majoring in engineering , died at the hospital Thursday from his injuries . Ahmad Abdullah blamed Bahrain 's prime minister -- Prince Khalifa bin Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa , uncle of King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa who has held his position since 1971 -- for his son 's death , calling the leader a "  killer . " Witnesses described a blunt show of force by police firing pellets , rubber bullets and tear gas to force protesters out of the square , where thousands had been rallying and in some cases encamping throughout the week . Zainab Farda said she was in a large tent for women and children with her two daughters , ages 6 and 8 , when they woke up to tear gas . She said they placed onions over their noses , but had to flee after security forces set fire to their tent . "  After all that has happened , we are not going to quit , " Farda said . "  If we quit now , we 're going to die . " Before word of the latest death , health minister Dr. Faisal Ben Yacoub Al Hamar said on state television that three people had died and at least 225 had been injured in the raid . Bahrain is one of the latest countries in the Middle East and North Africa to face a surge of dissent following the revolts that toppled longtime autocrats in Tunisia and Egypt . While Bahrain 's interior ministry said in a statement Wednesday that those responsible for the two earlier deaths had been detained , authorities on Thursday defended their actions at the Manama roundabout . They said security forces used a minimum of force and found firearms , knives and flags of Hezbollah , a Lebanon-based group that the United States lists as a terrorist organization . In a news conference , Foreign Minister Khalid al Khalifa claimed protesters had attacked disciplinary forces -- saying he was surprised that they had , given the available freedoms in Bahrain . He added he plans to raise the issue of what happened in Manama with the country 's king . Al Khalifa also disputed an assertion that troops came from neighboring countries , insisting that all those involved are from Bahrain . According to the state-run Bahrain News Agency , an interior ministry official said security forces evacuated the people after "  exhausting all opportunities for dialogue with them . " "  Some of them have responded and left quietly , while others refused to comply with the law , which called to intervene in order to disperse them , " the official said . Bahrain 's army asked citizens to "  distance themselves from gatherings in vital areas in the capital " because it will "  create fear and shock " and cause serious traffic disruptions . But Ali Ahmed , 34 , who said he has slept at the square since Monday night , said the attack only emboldened demonstrators . He called claims that police had warned protesters to evacuate "  a lie . " Ahmed had been one of about 3,000 people who laid out blankets and pitched tents at Pearl Roundabout this week , with police nowhere to be seen at times . But by the time police had completed their raid early Thursday , the circle was cleared of protesters and convoys of more than 50 military armored personnel carriers , each armed with machine guns , had driven into the area . Some of the trucks had razor wire . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon was among the international leaders who weighed in on Thursday , urging restraint and opposing government-led violence . He said that he is "  disturbed by the violent means used to disperse demonstrators . " The British Foreign Office confirmed Thursday it had temporarily closed its embassy in Bahrain . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said he spoke with his Bahrainian counterpart and stressed the "  need for peaceful action to address the concerns of protesters . " Jennifer Stride , a U.S. Fifth Fleet spokeswoman , said there 's no "  indication the protests will cause significant disruption " for the U.S. military , which she said is not being targeted . The fleet has more than 30 ships , including the aircraft carriers USS Enterprise and USS Carl Vinson and their respective carrier strike groups U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said , meanwhile , that the United States has told Bahrain it has "  deep concerns " about the crackdown on anti-government protesters and said the protesters ' funerals and Friday prayers should "  not be marred by violence . " "  We call on restraint from the government , to keep its commitment to hold accountable those who have utilized excessive force against peaceful demonstrators , and we urge a return to a process that will result in real , meaningful changes for the people there , " Clinton said . Bahrain 's king has asked Abdul Latif Bin Rashid Al Zayani -- a former major general who headed Bahrain 's public security for 10 years -- to be an unofficial envoy to the United States to deal with diplomatic fallout from the crisis , according to senior State Department officials and other sources familiar with the appointment . Zayani was already in Washington holding meetings as the incoming leader of the Gulf Cooperation Council , and the king asked him to stay to talk with U.S. officials , the sources said . He met Thursday at the State Department with Under Secretary William Burns , Assistant Secretary Jeff Feltman and Dennis Ross , a White House adviser on the Middle East . Still , the most significant political reaction may be within Bahrain itself . Hours after the crackdown at Pearl Roundabout , the Al Wefaq political party announced it had decided to withdraw from parliament , party official Abdul Jalil Khalil said . Al Wefaq had been the most well represented party in the lower chamber of parliament , with 18 out of 40 seats . Khalil , who has been head of the Al Wefaq parliamentary bloc , explained that the unrest is "  a turning point " for the nation of about 1 million people . He noted that the casualty figures are "  large scale " given the size of the population . "  After what happened today , people are asking us to leave parliament . Quit the government , " Khalil said . Al Wefaq is a Shiite party in a country that , despite the fact two-thirds of its population are Shiites , is ruled by a Sunni Muslim royal family . In recent years , younger Shiites have staged violent protests to complain about discrimination , high unemployment and corruption . Any Shiites say the country 's constitution has done little to improve their condition . Barak Seener , a Middle East fellow at the Royal United Services Institute , a London-based think tank , said he thinks the party 's withdrawal will lead "  to the greater disenfranchisement of the Shia majority " and that the upheaval is "  very , very dangerous " for the United States . "  It 's so important for the United States to have a friendly regime there , " Seener said . He emphasized that Bahrain "  has no choice but to clamp down " and ca n't afford to "  blink " amid the turmoil . "  A disenfranchised Shia population is very dangerous because it has the ability to destabilize Bahrain and it also is vulnerable to Iranian penetration , " he said . "  There 's been numerous cells of Shia terrorists that have been uncovered with extensive links to the Iranian regime . Iran uses them as a proxy to extend their sphere of influence . " Al Khalifa stressed to reporters Thursday that both Shiite and Sunni Muslims in the country are loyal and patriotic . "  We belong to one homeland , " he said . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson and Journalist Mansoor Al-Jamri in Bahrain , CNN 's Joe Sterling in Atlanta and CNN 's Elise Labott and Chris Lawrence in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : Bahrain 's king apoints envoy to U.S. to deal with diplomatic fallout , officials say 4th person dies as a result of security forces ' raid on protesters , victim 's father says Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets at demonstrators in Manama 's Pearl Roundabout The crackdown swiftly drew local and international condemnation
CNN  -- New Jersey voters head to the polls on Wednesday in a special U.S. Senate election that 's become a proxy fight over the federal government shutdown and the bitter partisan battle in the nation 's capital over the rollout of the national health care law . Wednesday 's election between two-term Democratic Newark Mayor Cory Booker and Republican nominee Steve Lonegan will also result in a slight shift in the current balance of power in the Senate . Booker , the front runner throughout the short campaign to replace the late Frank Lautenberg , held double-digit leads over Lonegan , a former mayor , in three polls of likely voters released in the 48 hours prior to what 's expected to be a lower voter turnout election . The contest is the first federal election since the start of the shutdown on October 1 , and that fiscal fight and the battle over extending the nation 's debt limit , along with back and forth over Obamacare , have become big issues on the Garden State campaign trail . Booker , who for weeks has characterized Lonegan as a far-right , tea party conservative , is framing the race partially as a national referendum . "  New Jerseyans have a rare opportunity . Nobody else in the nation has this , " Booker told CNN 's Jason Carroll on Monday . "  The nation will be watching because New Jersey will be the one election on a federal level to say whether we endorse the shutdown with the person who says he wants to continue it , my opponent , or whether we want to go a different way . Sending somebody down there who has built a career on building bridges and bringing people together . " Lonegan agrees that the race has partially become a national referendum . "  The whole nation is watching our state vote , " Lonegan said Monday on the campaign trail . "  It 's not just an election for U.S. senator . " In the second of their two debates , Lonegan , who 's criticized Booker for what the Republican describes as his celebrity status , said that the nationally recognized Booker is a "  Hollywood stand-in " for President Barack Obama . Lonegan also said delaying implementation of the president 's health care law remains "  absolutely essential , " adding that "  I am proud Republicans are finally standing up to this tyrant . " On the eve of the special election , Booker led Lonegan 54 % -40 % among likely voters in a Quinnipiac University poll . In two surveys released Monday , Booker held a 10 point , 52 % -42 % , advantage in a Monmouth University poll , and a 22-point , 58 % -36 % , lead in a Rutgers-Eagleton survey . "  It 's a New Jersey habit electing Democrats to the Senate . The liberal mayor of Newark , Cory Booker , holds onto the double-digit lead over the conservative former mayor of Bogota , Steve Lonegan , that we measured when we first looked at likely voters , " said Maurice Carroll , director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute . Low turnout 's expected for a contest that 's being held on a Wednesday and that comes less than three weeks before the state holds a gubernatorial election . Less than two-thirds of registered voters know that the Senate election is happening , and only a third can name both candidates in the Senate election without prompting , according to Fairleigh Dickinson University data . "  The timing of the election , combined with everything going on in Washington right now , has really diverted attention from the Senate race , " said Dan Cassino , a professor of political science at Fairleigh Dickinson University . "  That tells us that we 're not going to see huge crowds at the polls on Wednesday . " To help bring Democrats to the polls , Booker 's campaign released a video message Monday from Obama , who urged New Jersey voters to turn out for the Democratic candidate . "  Cory Booker has spent his entire life bringing people with different perspectives together , regardless of party , to take on tough challenges , " said the President , in the video . And Saturday , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a favorite among grassroots conservatives , campaigned with Lonegan at a high profile event organized by a national tea party group . The winner of Wednesday 's special election will serve out the final year of Lautenberg 's term . The Democrat died in June . Soon after Lautenberg 's death , GOP Gov. Chris Christie , who 's up for re-election in November , named fellow Republican and state Attorney General Jeff Chiesa to temporarily fill the Senate seat . A victory in the October 16 contest would make Booker the first African-American elected to the Senate since Barack Obama in Illinois in 2004 . That move reduced the Democratic Party 's control of the Senate to 54-46 . A likely Booker victory would increase the Democrats ' majority to 55-45 . While there are two major candidates in the race , it 's Booker , considered a rising star in the Democratic Party , who is getting more attention . He made national headlines for rescuing a neighbor from a fire and for helping his city dig out from a major snowstorm . But his status has also opened him to attacks by his critics that he spends far too much time outside of Newark , and that he has n't done enough to stem the city 's rising murder rate . Booker can boast of having nearly 1.5 million Twitter followers . But a recent Twitter exchange with a stripper did briefly make headlines . And questions about Booker 's sexuality arose after he told the Washington Post earlier this year that he did n't care if supporters thought he was gay . "  It 's something that 's almost fatiguing at this point , " Booker told CNN 's Carroll . "  At the end of the day , I just believe we should be electing people on the content of their character , on the quality of their ideals , their dedication to their cause , not on who they 're dating . " CNN 's Ashley Killough and Dana Garrett contributed to this report .	Democrat Cory Booker front-runner in short campaign against GOP 's Steve Lonegan Race seen as proxy fight over issues on national scene - shutdown and Obamacare Winner will replace the late Frank Lautenberg in state led by Republican but that went for Obama Special election three weeks before Chris Christie faces voters in reelection bid
Entertainment Weekly  -- Neither the magic of Harry Potter nor the combined star power of Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler was enough to keep a crew of wise-cracking guinea pigs from scurrying to the top of the box office this weekend . Disney 's family comedy "  G-Force " made an estimated $ 32.2 million in its debut . Disney 's family comedy "  G-Force , " produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and featuring the voices of Nicolas Cage , Will Arnett , and Penelope Cruz as a team of world-saving rodents , made an estimated $ 32.2 million in its debut . Despite opening hot on the heels of the one-week old "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " the animation/live action hybrid pic was a hit with young audiences , pulling 55 percent of its viewers from the under-18 crowd . But Potter 's box office magic has n't worn off just yet : The series ' sixth installment landed in the number two spot its second weekend with $ 30 million , bringing its total to $ 221.8 million . After just 12 days in theaters , ` Half-Blood ' is already the fifth biggest hit of the year domestically , not to mention overseas , where the powerhouse has raked in an additional $ 236 million . There was plenty for adults to enjoy at the box office , too . "  The Ugly Truth , " a raunchy R-rated rom-com that pits Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler in a battle of the sexes , scored an impressive $ 27 million bow , a career best for both Heigl and director Robert Luketic  "  Legally Blonde "  . The weekend 's other wide release , Warner Bros ' creepy "  Orphan " -- starring Peter Sarsgaard and Vera Farmiga -- pulled in $ 12.8 million from an audience that was 55 percent female . Lower down on the chart , Fox Searchlight 's "  500  Days of Summer "  at number 11 with $ 3 million  is still building momentum . The quirky rom-com posted a hefty $ 19,176 per-site average and a 95 percent increase over its debut last weekend . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Disney 's family comedy brought in an estimated $ 32.2 million over the weekend The sixth installment of the "  Potter " series raked in another $ 30 million at No. 2 "  The Ugly Truth , " starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler , took in $ 27 million Check out the other top earners on this weekend 's top 10 list
CNN Student News  -- October 22 , 2013 Several years after he signed it , President Obama 's health care reform law remains a topic of intense debate . In Tuesday 's program , CNN Student News explores the history of this law and the controversy surrounding it . Plus , we examine some of the science behind hurricane season , and we consider how smog affects cities in China and Mexico . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What challenges might the news media face in covering a wide-ranging , controversial piece of legislation ? How might they address these challenges ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . health insurance 2 . hurricane season 3 . smog Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What problems have been associated with the enrollment website for the Affordable Care Act  Obamacare  ? What different perspectives do elected officials have on these problems ? 2 . When does hurricane season officially end ? How does the number of hurricanes so far this year compare to that of previous years ? 3 . What is unique about the Mexico City hospital building described in today 's program ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about the debate over Obamacare ? Who do you think might be in favor of this health care reform law ? Who do you think might oppose it ? What are your thoughts on Obamacare ? What do you think are some possible outcomes for the future of this law ? 2 . Why do you think that meteorologists identify an annual hurricane "  season " ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks of doing so , if hurricanes can form at any time ? 3 . Why do you think officials in places like Harbin , China and Mexico City are concerned about smog ? How do you think polluted areas could address the issue ? What challenges might come with addressing it ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Harbin , China North America Mexico City FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Tobacco has been ingrained in our society since our nation 's earliest days . But if cigarettes were introduced today , they 'd most likely never be approved for market . For an example of changing attitudes , just Friday , a Florida jury handed R.J. Reynolds $ 23.6 billion in damages in a lawsuit filed by the widow of Michael Johnson Sr. , a smoker who died at the young age of 36 from lung cancer , leaving her to raise their two children -- an award that will , of course , be appealed . So the announcement of a merger between America 's second - and third-largest tobacco companies , R.J. Reynolds and Lorillard , feels like a lost episode of "  Mad Men . " What other industry is permitted to sell a product that , if used as intended , kills half of its consumers ? That 's not only a dysfunctional public health policy ; it 's the worst business strategy ever . Imagine the immediate recalls if any other product killed half its customers . What if each Google search or Facebook post took a day off your life ? Of course , tobacco has an ingredient that no other consumer product has : nicotine , a substance as addictive as heroin . It 's a sure-fire recipe for consumer loyalty to a deadly product , used by companies that have been determined by the federal courts to be liars and racketeers , guilty of putting profits ahead of public health . About 70 % of smokers want to quit , but many find it very difficult . This year , we learned another reason why . The Massachusetts Department of Public Health released data showing that between 1999 and 2011 , levels of inhaled nicotine in cigarettes had gradually increased by 15 % . Quitting is a herculean task , even for the most motivated . Yet there is some positive news . Despite the nicotine manipulation and the nearly $ 9 billion that Big Tobacco spends each year marketing its deadly products , smoking rates have declined dramatically over the past several decades . Today , youth smoking prevalence is below 10 % , and adult smoking rates are at 18 % . Clean indoor air initiatives , increased excise taxes and bold anti-tobacco public education campaigns like Legacy Foundation 's Truth , the FDA 's the Real Cost and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Tips from Former Smokers are formidable weapons against the ever-evolving strategies of the tobacco companies . If stronger standards were adopted , like a ban on menthol or a reduction in nicotine levels in cigarettes , then public health officials could help consumers even more . With the U.S. cigarette market in decline , it should n't come as a surprise that these companies want to join forces . Both have business models that depend on securing "  replacement smokers " -- a term coined by R.J. Reynolds -- for the 480,000 who die each year from the effects of smoking tobacco in the U.S. alone . Sadly , every day , about 2,100 young people who have been occasional smokers progress to become daily smokers , easily filling the consumer pipeline so vital to meet and exceed their bottom lines . R.J. Reynolds and Lorillard produce Camel and Newport , two of the top cigarette brands young people most often buy . By reducing competition , cutting costs and brainstorming for new strategies , the merger will no doubt try to find new users to make loads of money domestically and worldwide . Of course , there is an alternative -- though highly unlikely -- ending to this story . Merging two tobacco giants and consolidating their research , development , marketing and financial power could be used to invent technologies that bring an end to the burned tobacco horror story of the past century . While the jury is still out on the peril or promise of e-cigarettes , would n't it be wonderful if this merger became an opportunity to push reset ? Should n't the tobacco industry be challenged to introduce products to the marketplace that provide consumer pleasure without the unbearable pain of lung cancer , prostate cancer , pancreatic cancer and heart disease ? If that could become a reality , we might finally put combustible tobacco -- packed with all its lethal tar and carcinogens -- in the history books for good . Unless this scenario happens , let 's not kid ourselves . These companies are jockeying to meet their financial targets , satisfy their shareholders and sell as much deadly tobacco to Americans as they possibly can . Until they truly turn over a new leaf , nearly half a million American lives will continue to go up in smoke each year .	Robin Koval : If cigarettes were introduced today , they 'd never be approved for market Koval : Attitudes are changing ; R.J. Reynolds lost lawsuit filed by widow of lung cancer victim Koval : Now , two giant tobacco companies are merging , which seems like a throwback She says merger could be opportunity to create product that does n't kill half its users
Haifa , Israel  CNN  -- On a cool January morning , Israeli ambulances sped to the site of a simulated terrorist attack in Haifa , the country 's largest port city . In keeping with the script for the long-planned civil defense exercise , emergency workers responded to a suicide car bomb with one element the country has not experienced in the dozens of real terrorist bombings over the years : this simulated attack dispersed nuclear materials , a "  dirty bomb " laced with radioactive Cesium 137 . While life went on around them in an otherwise normal day , paramedics rushed the "  victims " to area hospitals , where doctors and nurses in protective gear moved to decontaminate and treat their injuries . Elsewhere , authorities assessed the public health effects and the psychological impact on the public of hearing the words "  nuclear " and "  bomb " used in the same sentence referring to an attack close to home . It was not a simulation of an atomic bomb , but of a "  radiological dispersal device , " a much less destructive conventional weapon with some nuclear materials in the mix -- enough to spread a small amount of radiation and a great deal of panic . Nobody talked about Iran during the event . But , as with so much of what goes on in Israel these days , thoughts of how the conflict over Iran 's nuclear program might ultimately unfold lurked in people 's minds . For all those involved in the exercise , it was an opportunity to prepare for another one of the many disturbing scenarios that come up whenever Israelis ponder what the future may bring . Dr. Lion Poles , one of the organizers from the Ministry of Health , called it "  a hypothetical but plausible scenario . " When word came out months ago that the Israeli military was preparing the exercise code-named "  Dark Cloud " -- the first ever drill for nuclear terrorism in the country -- authorities tried to downplay its significance . Perhaps that 's why Dark Cloud received so little media attention . But Defense Minister Ehud Barak has often said that the greatest risk from Iran 's nuclear program is not that Tehran will launch an atomic bomb against Israel , but that it might send a dirty bomb to explode through cargo arriving at a crowded port . After years of worrying about Iran -- and about other threats in the neighborhood -- Israelis have developed a cool and tense fatalistic attitude . Conversations with every day people show a mix of resignation , bravado , fear and a suspicion that there may not be good options . In Jerusalem , Uri Margalit , a 57-year-old salesman , says he does n't think Israel will attack Iran , but concedes that the uncertainty of what might happen has made him and his friends nervous . "  Everybody 's a little afraid , " he admits . Others , like Hanna Ofner , are less pessimistic . "  I count on the government to do the right thing , " she says , adding that she believes Europe and the U.S. understand just how risky a nuclear-armed Iran would be for the entire Middle East and the rest of the world . Polls show the public is divided about whether or not Israel should attack Iran to keep nuclear weapons out of its hands . Given that Iran 's leaders have openly proclaimed their wish to see Israel destroyed , most Israelis believe a war will happen . Some Israelis tellingly confess they have restocked their bomb shelters with fresh water and other supplies . The January 18 radiological drill barely made the news in a country where national exercises to prepare for conventional missile attacks , in addition to biological and chemical weapons , have become routine in recent years . The need to prepare more actively became clear after the 2006 war with Lebanon 's Hezbollah , when Hezbollah 's rockets -- many of them made in Iran -- hit a greater portion of Israel than ever before , forcing more than 300,000 Israelis to evacuate their hometowns and sending about a million of them into bomb shelters . Lebanon was also affected : at least a million people were displaced during the 34 days of fighting . If the conflict with Iran does escalate into open warfare , the widespread expectation is that Hezbollah , a close ally of Iran , will attack Israel from Lebanon , while Hamas , another friend of Tehran , will do the same from Gaza . The U.S. believes Hezbollah alone has an arsenal of about 50,000 rockets and missiles , some capable of reaching practically all of Israel . While the radiological drill did not garner a lot of attention , there was another exercise -- one that did not happen -- which made large headlines . The U.S. and Israel has been preparing to hold their largest joint military maneuvers in the history of their alliance , a missile defense drill code-named "  Austere Challenge 12 , " in April . As military officials on both sides were busy arranging for thousands of American soldiers to deploy to Israel , word came out that the war games had been postponed . The circumstances behind the sudden change of plans remain something of a mystery , with officials offering reassurances that there is no reason for concern . For Israelis , however , one of the greatest fears is that they will be abandoned to face Iran without international support . It came as some comfort that President Obama just told Time Magazine that he "  will take every step available to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . " Israelis hope that will be achieved without the need for war , but they believe it is a near certainty that a military operation against Iran would result in attacks against Israel by Iran 's allies . Just in case , they are preparing for any conceivable scenario while carrying on with their daily lives and hoping for the best . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Israel has been exercising drills that simulate "  dirty bomb " attacks Frida Ghitis : Many ordinary Israelis are worried about a nuclear attack from Iran Obama said he "  will take every step available to prevent Iran " from getting nuclear weapon Ghitis : Israelis continue to prepare for possible scenarios just in case
iReporter Doranne Lim chronicles the flooding from Typhoon Ketsana in Pasig City , Philippines . This week in iReport , we received compelling images and stories from major international natural disasters : a tsunami in the Samoan Islands and flooding in the Philippines from Typhoon Ketsana . Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , hosted the G-20 summit , and iReporters chronicled the scene as protesters and police clashed in the streets . One iReporter , Chris Morrow , won an award at the San Diego Film Festival . Check out the video here , or get a better idea of the stories below .  Typhoon Ketsana : Floods from Typhoon Ketsana have left parts of the Philippines under water , killing at least 240 people . Residents in Manila say it 's the worst flooding they 've seen in decades . Residents constructed makeshift rafts to cross the water , some more successful than others . Some of the most compelling images come from photographer Doranne Lim , who showed us the flooding in Pasig City . We put together a gallery of her photos that chronicle the flooding .  G-20 protests : As Pittsburgh hosted the G-20 economic summit , iReporters were there documenting the scene . Businesses boarded up , parts of the city were closed off , and protesters and police clashed in the streets . Several citizen journalists captured photos and video of crowds backing away from tear gas and smoke bombs . "  As a person that 's lived in Pittsburgh their entire life ... I have never seen something like this , " iReporter Emily Rice said .  Tsunami strikes Samoan Islands : Towering tsunami waves triggered by an 8.0 earthquake left dozens dead and entire villages flattened or submerged in the Samoan Islands . iReporters in American Samoa and neighboring Samoa shared incredible images of the aftermath and compelling stories as rescue workers worked to reach outlying villages affected by the natural disaster .  Chris Morrow wins film festival : One of our superstar iReporters , Chris Morrow , made news of her own recently . Her film "  Wyland Earth Day " debuted at the San Diego Film Festival in California and won the Best San Diego Film Award . The film follows environmental artist Wyland as he paints a huge mural of the Earth on the roof of the Long Beach Arena . Equally cool : that fellow iReporters were there to share the experience , including TommyYune , MelissaF , promisenews , TheVideoMan , mvalgal , madmurph , dpkronmiller , Thetalesend and cookiecutter . Together , they created the very first San Diego iReport meetup .	Typhoon Ketsana slams the Philippines , flooding the capital An earthquake and tsunami left hundreds dead in the Samoan Islands Watch Team iReport talk about these stories and more Share your stories with CNN at iReport.com
