CNN  -- Gov. Chris Christie , we watched as you lashed out at former White House physician Dr. Connie Mariano this week for calling you out about your weight during a recent CNN report . It 's none of her business , you proclaimed . She 's just a "  hack , " you offered . She needs to just "  shut up , " you said . Governor , you might not want to dismiss her so quickly . Yes , she has never examined you and maybe it 's not her job to be pointing out the obvious : that morbidly obese men have a significantly higher chance of dying early than the population at large . But , still , she was probably doing you a favor . How do I know ? Seven years ago , governor , I was you . Sure , I was n't the popular chief executive of a major state and a leading Republican possibility for president . But , back then , I was busy , with a pretty full life in my own right . In 2006 , I was a corporate executive of a major media company . I had just helped lead the team in Biloxi , Mississippi , covering Hurricane Katrina , an effort that led to The Sun Herald winning the Pulitzer Prize for public service . I was the president of the National Association of Black Journalists , the largest journalism organization of people of color in America . And , at 6 feet 4 inches tall and 441 pounds , I was morbidly obese . I 'm not going to get into your specific health situation -- you said your numbers are "  great " and you were the "  healthiest fat guy you 've ever seen in your life " -- and no lay person can speak confidently about the state of another person 's health . All I can say is that I and thousands of other morbidly obese men in their 30s and 40s have uttered exactly the same words . Almost verbatim . We feel great . We have plenty of energy . Low cholesterol , blood sugar , blood pressure . Blah , blah , blah . Then , I ended up in intensive care , on the edge of a coma . Nearly a decade ago , after having received a pretty decent physical a few months earlier , I was in Washington for a conference . One morning , I was unusually thirsty , lethargic and tired , and ended up being rushed to the emergency room at the Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington . Ketoacidosis , the doctors said . Significantly elevated blood sugar levels , too much for the body to process . Not good . Bryan , they told me , you were in serious trouble . And that got my attention . Governor , like you , I have kids whom I cherish -- they were 5 and 4 at the time . They are my life . But the doctors told me if I kept going down the path I was headed , I would likely not be around to watch them graduate from high school . I certainly did not like hearing that -- thought they were being rude and overly blunt -- but I knew the doctors were right . Opinion : What you thought you knew about obesity is wrong So , in 2006 , I made a pretty major decision to have gastric bypass surgery . And I believe it saved my life . Since then , I have lost more than 170 pounds . Now , I 'm not Barack Obama-skinny -- I still need to drop another 30 or 40 more to hit my goal -- but I am much happier and healthier . And I can now hang with my 11-year-old son on the basketball court . My decision , like yours , was deeply personal . But I 'm also a reporter . I did my research . I knew that obesity was the single biggest health risk in this country , and that more than one of every three Americans are obese , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . For African Americans , obesity is the largest contributor to deadly complications -- hypertension , diabetes , heart disease , amputation , blindness -- that our community has ever known . I knew that the most morbidly obese men who were successful enough to lose 100 pounds or more tended to gain all of it back -- plus another 20 % more -- within five years . It was n't that they were lazy or bad or undisciplined . It was just plain , biological facts . So , at seven years out , I feel lucky . Now , I am not about to proselytize about such a dramatic move . While techniques have improved considerably in the past 20 years , the bariatric option is still a major procedure in which as many as two out of every 100 patients die on the operating table or soon after the surgery . It 's still a big deal . If I could have been successful with more traditional means , I would have been happy . I had tried everything -- the South Beach diet , the all-juice diet -- and spent more money on gyms , trainers and treadmills than my accountant would approve . But , after a lifetime of fooling myself about this plan or that diet -- I could easily lose 30-40 pounds at a time , only to have it creep back -- I had to make a tough choice . At the end of the day , each obese person needs to choose his or her own path to get down to a more reasonable and healthier weight . But the alternative , doing nothing , is a recipe for disaster .  How many morbidly obese people in their 80s have you seen lately ? For me , it was n't a cosmetic or vanity thing . It was a choice I made so I 'd be around to walk my daughter down the aisle or see my son win the Heisman trophy . Gov. Christie , you talked about being angry that your kids were watching TV when the doctor said she was concerned you 'd die in office . Let me tell you something : It 's much better that they hear that and then have you around to explain it to them than have to experience the scary alternative . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bryan Monroe .	Gov. Chris Christie says a doctor who commented on his weight should "  shut up " Bryan Monroe says the governor should not dismiss her advice so quickly Monroe says he was morbidly obese until he experienced a health crisis He says decisive action led him to lose 170 pounds , which improved his health
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An Ethiopian immigrant with a history of mental health problems is in custody after being accused of mailing a letter with HIV-tainted blood to Barack Obama when he was president-elect , according to court records . Police say blood-stained letters were addressed to President Obama and top aide Rahm Emanuel . Saad Bedrie Hussein told investigators that he is an admirer of Obama and that the letter -- containing his photo , an admission ticket to Obama 's election night victory party in Chicago 's Grant Park and six index cards containing writing and reddish stains -- was his way of seeking government help and tickets to Obama 's inauguration . Hussein , who has HIV , said he "  purposely cut one of his fingers with a razor so he could bleed on the letter , " according to an affidavit by Terry L. Cullivan , an investigator with the U.S. Postal Inspection Service . The letter , postmarked December 27 and written in an Ethiopian language , was addressed to Obama at the Illinois Department on Aging in Springfield , Illinois . When the letter was opened two days later , it was found to contain an orange powder , Cullivan said . A state employee then took the letter to another state office , resulting in a two-hour lockdown of the building , affecting more than 300 people , the affidavit says . During an interview , Hussein was unable to remember what the orange powder was , but tests revealed it to be a drink-mix powder , the affidavit says . According to the affidavit , during a December 29 interview , Hussein denied mailing any additional letters . But , the affidavit said , two days later , the Illinois Department of Revenue notified him it had received two similar letters , both with Hussein 's return address . One was addressed to the Illinois Department on Aging , and the second to "  Emanuel , " which investigators believe was intended for Obama aide Rahm Emanuel . Both letters contained what appeared to be dried blood and an orange powder . The criminal complaint filed in the U.S. District Court in Illinois alleges that Hussein "  knowingly mailed " the letters containing HIV-infected blood "  with the intent to kill or injure another . " In January , a federal judge ordered a mental evaluation of Hussein , saying "  there is reasonable cause to believe -LSB- Hussein -RSB- may ... be suffering from a mental disease or defect rendering him mentally incompetent -LSB- and -RSB- unable to understand the nature and consequences of the proceedings against him . " According to court records , Hussein was arrested March 29 , 2006 , by Chicago police after setting a fire in the middle of a Chicago intersection , waving a Quran in the air and yelling "  Allah -LSB- u -RSB- Akbar " -- Allah is great -- and other words . Hussein "  created a standstill in the traffic and refused to comply " with police commands , Cullivan 's affidavit says . Hussein 's attorney , public defender Robert J. Scherschlight , could not immediately be reached for comment . U.S. Postal Service Inspector Peter Rendina said this is the second known case in which a person is alleged to have sent HIV-tainted blood through the mail for malicious reasons . In the other case , which is ongoing , a man sent blood to a person he thought was a business associate .	Affidavit : HIV-positive man "  cut one of his fingers ... so he could bleed on the letter " The note , mailed with orange powder , was sent to Obama at an Illinois state building Investigators think another letter , to "  Emanuel , " was intended for Obama aide Judge ordered mental evaluation of man , citing his history of instability
Varadero , Cuba  CNN  -- Decades navigating the roads in Cuba have left deep scars on Sergio Morales ' jet black 1947 Harley-Davidson motorcycle . The Harley 's frame is a battlefield of craters and gashes . The frozen odometer stopped counting at 45,000 kilometers . In Cuba , where little is in abundance save shortages , Morales uses a car wheel for his motorcycle 's back tire . But when Morales kick-starts the Harley , its engine roars to full-throated life . Morales is a "  harlista , " what Cubans call the small band of men and women who have preserved the island 's motorcycle culture . That has n't been an easy task in a country where a five-decades-old U.S. economic embargo makes getting new parts -- much less bikes -- near impossible . "  It 's work . You have to have spirit , desire , " Morales said . "  There 's nowhere to buy spare parts here so over the years we have had to find alternative fixes or invent our own . " And being a Harley fanatic courted controversy in the early years of the Cuban revolution when everything American , from jazz music to rock 'n' roll , was considered suspect . It also did n't help that Harleys were the motorcycle of choice for police during the Batista dictatorship . But now the iconic American bikes are enjoying something of a comeback . Over the weekend , Morales was one of about 50 harlistas to participate in Cuba 's first ever nationwide Harley-Davidson rally in the beach resort town of Varadero . "  It 's an opportunity for us to celebrate not just the Harley but the Cuban Harley , " Morales said . "  And in one of the prettiest places with the best beaches in the country . " The sight of the motley crew of black leather-sporting motorcyclists pulling into a seaside town seemed like a scene straight out of the classic Marlon Brando film "  The Wild One , " where a band of bikers terrorize a small community . But in Varadero it was the bikers who were beset upon by admiring locals and tourists . One family of American tourists said they had changed their travel plans to come from Mexico to Cuba for a few days after learning about the event . "  We are here to give these guys a hand ; it 's lot of work to keep their bikes running , " said event organizer Kristen MacQueen . Cuban Harley aficionados are unique , MacQueen said , because their vintage bikes are not just for show . "  A lot of the people use them in their everyday life to get around , " MacQueen said . "  For some people here , it 's their only form of transportation . " The bikes lined up at the Varadero rally were a mix of Harleys from the decades leading up to Cuba 's 1959 revolution . Some Harleys were adorned with the face of revolutionary icon Che Guevara , others with American eagles . In between demonstrating their agility in biking competitions , the harlistas checked out one another 's rides and explained to tourists how they keep them running . Even with foreigners bringing in replacement parts from the outside , keeping the Harleys running is no small feat . Many of the bikes used parts cannibalized from Asian and old Soviet bikes and cars . Some Harlistas are legendary in the community for hand-making the parts they need . But however challenging , none of the Cuban Harley fanatics says they plan to abandon their passion any time soon . "  You get to a point where the Harley becomes part of your family , " Cuban Harley owner Yuri Garcia said . "  You become inseparable . If you sold it , you 'd never find another bike like it . "	Those who have preserved Cuba 's motorcycle culture are called "  harlistas " Harley-Davidson motorcycles are enjoying a comeback in Cuba Cuba 's first ever nationwide Harley rally was held recently in Varadero
Washington  CNN  -- First-term Democratic incumbent North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan lost in a tight contest against GOP challenger Thom Tillis , according to a CNN projection . It was the most expensive Senate race this cycle : A great deal of the funding was provided by out-of-state organizations backing harsh television attack ads . The neck-and-neck race was key to Republicans ' plans to win back the Senate from Democrats . With 99 % of precincts reporting their vote totals , Tillis had 49 % to Hagan 's 47 % . Tillis is known for his conservative stances on issues like same-sex marriage and women 's abortion rights . He worked to nationalize the race by tying Hagan to President Obama , who suffers from high disapproval ratings in the Tar Heel state even though he -- along with Hagan -- were victorious there in 2008 . Tillis made national news in late October when he debated an empty chair on live television after his opponent refused to attend what was initially billed as a debate between the two candidates . Hagan launched aggressive attacks on Tillis ' tenure in the state legislature , highlighting how his legislature cut unemployment benefits , slashed funding for education and prohibited the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . She also worked to bolster her own appeal with racial minorities by pointing out Tillis ' enactment of a strict voter identification law . Neither candidate has enjoyed much popularity in the state according to an NBC News/Marist poll from last week showing Hagan 's disapproval rating at 48 percent and Tillis ' at 44 percent .	The North Carolina Senate race was the most expensive Senate race in history Outside groups on both sides poured money - $ 100 million - into the contest
Washington  CNN  -- The unsolved murder of human rights activists in Russia . Their detention , torture and murder in Iran . Their jailing in China and Vietnam . Attacks on journalists in the Philippines , Pakistan , Mexico and Somalia . Coups in Africa and Central America . All isolated incidents around the world that together made 2009 a grim milestone in world freedom , according to a United States think tank that tracks liberty around the globe . Declines in freedom around the world outweighed gains last year , for the fourth year in a row , Freedom House says in its annual survey published Tuesday . "  This represents the longest continuous period of deterioration in the nearly 40-year history " of the report , writes this year 's author , Arch Puddington . There were only 116 electoral democracies around the world in 2009 , the group found -- the lowest number since 1995 . But the world is doing relatively well at democratic elections , compared with some other indicators . "  Governments are more likely to permit relatively honest elections than to allow an uncensored press , a robust civil society , and an independent judiciary , " Puddington writes . The report is not all doom and gloom . There was progress in Iraq , the Balkans , Malawi and Togo , Freedom House said . And taking the long view , the world was more free in 2009 than when revolutions swept the communist world 20 years earlier . The Central and Eastern European democracies born in 1989 have largely retained their freedom , despite economic pressures stemming from the worldwide recession . But much of the former Soviet Union is in a dire state . Central Asia is the least free region in the world , according to Freedom House , and contains two of the nine countries that got the survey 's "  worst of the worst " rating . Central Asia 's former Soviet republics of Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan are on that list , along with North Korea , Libya , Sudan , Myanmar  also known as Burma  , Equatorial Guinea , Eritrea and Somalia . Ten other countries and territories fared only slightly better . They are Belarus , Chad , China , Cuba , Guinea , Laos , Saudi Arabia , Syria , the breakaway Georgian region of South Ossetia , and Western Sahara , which is fighting for independence from Morocco . Freedom House groups countries into three categories : free , partly free and not free . A total of 89 countries were rated free in 2009 . That 's 46 percent of the 194 countries and territories in the survey , representing 46 percent of the world 's population . Freedom House listed 58 countries as partly free . That 's 30 percent of the world 's countries , with 20 percent of the global population . The group said 47 countries were not free -- just under one in four of the countries in the world , but just over one in three of the world 's people . China is home to more than half the people in the "  not free " category , Freedom House said . Freedom House describes itself as a nonprofit , nonpartisan organization that supports democratic change , monitors freedom , and advocates for democracy and human rights . It has been publishing its annual report since 1972 .	Freedom declines outweighed gains in ' 09 , Freedom House says in annual survey Number of electoral democracies low , group says , but it calls voting rights relatively good Progress seen in Iraq , the Balkans , Malawi and Togo 46 % of 194 countries , territories in survey rated free , 30 % partly free , 24 % not free
CNN  Tornado sirens blared Wednesday night in Kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters . Spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of Goddard , which is less than 15 miles west of Wichita . That storm moved to the northeast , missing the city , but posing potential risks to other communities . "  There will be storms ... that pop up all night long , " said CNN severe weather expert Chad Myers . "  Nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , are the most dangerous . " Other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern Kansas , according to the Storm Prediction Center . Three of the sightings were near Aetna , 125 miles southwest of Wichita . Kansas was n't the only state affected by the storms . The National Weather Service indicated a tornado may have touched down in the small town of Potosi , Missouri , about 70 miles from St. Louis . CNN affiliate KMOV reported that it had received reports of wind damage and flooding in the town . One Instagram user there posted a photo of a fallen tree . Aerial footage also showed damage to roofs and one street overtaken by water . Not far away from Potosi , Shyler and Christin Strube in Leadington posted an Instagram picture of some unusual dark clouds . And a Twitter user in Farmington got bad news when he went out to his car . "  They were n't kidding when they said baseball size  hail  , " Kevin Knox wrote . On Thursday , more storms are expected in the Midwest , Mississippi River Valley , Tennessee River Valley and near the southern Great Lakes , the weather service said . CNN 's Sean Morris and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes Potosi , Missouri , sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding Thursday 's forecast calls for more storms but to the east
CNN  -- The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says it has approved a road map to destroy Syria 's chemical weapons by the middle of next year . A joint OPCW-United Nations team charged with overseeing the destruction of the weapons began inspecting sites in October . The U.N. Security Council resolution that authorized the mission set a deadline of mid-2014 for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons or face consequences . The OPCW 's executive council met Friday at its headquarters in The Hague to finalize a detailed plan . In a statement , the council said chemical weapons would be transported outside Syria to be destroyed "  to ensure their destruction in the safest and soonest manner and no later than June 30 , 2014 . " Under the plan , all declared chemical substances and precursors except for isopropanol will be removed from Syria no later than February 5 . Isoproponal is a chemical used in the manufacture of the nerve gas sarin , but it is also widely used as a solvent . The OPCW said it was envisaged that "  the most critical chemicals " would be removed from Syria by the end of 2013 . It said destruction of Syria 's declared chemical weapons facilities would take place between December 15 and March 15 "  according to a risk-based criterion . " OPCW Director General Ahmet Umzucu said the plan provided a "  clear road map " and set ambitious milestones to be met by Syria 's government . November 15 was the deadline for the council to approve a plan for the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile . "  This next phase will be the most challenging , and its timely execution will require the existence of a secure environment for the verification and transport of chemical weapons . Continuing international support and assistance for this endeavor will remain crucial , " Umzucu said . The government of Norway on Thursday offered to provide a commercial cargo ship and a military escort to pick up the Syrian weapons stockpile and deliver it to a destination to be destroyed . However , the OPCW statement did not state which countries would host the weapons destruction , and Albania announced Friday it was rejecting a U.S.-backed plan for it to take the stockpile . Albania rejects plan In a televised address , Albania 's Prime Minister Edi Rama said the country had "  no capacity of any kind pertaining to the transport and technological processes involved . " Crowds of protesters erupted in cheers outside the address , where hundreds were demonstrating against the request , which they claimed would put Albania at risk of pollution or accidents . Rama had originally been in favor of the plan , which would have had the roughly 1,300 metric tons of sarin , mustard gas and other chemical weapons from Syria shipped to NATO-member Albania for destruction . "  There was an inclination to say ` yes ' initially as an obligation to our big allies , but how can the U.S. take the chemical weapons from the hands of a killer only to kill other people on the planet , " said Rama , the new prime minister of the normally stalwart U.S. ally . "  We respect the prime minister 's decision , " the U.S. Embassy in Tirana said in a statement . "  We remain confident that we will complete elimination of the program within the timeline agreed upon . " ` Reaching out ' A spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of State told media Friday there had been "  extensive discussions " with several countries relating to finding a location . "  Several countries have seriously -- are seriously -- considering and have seriously considered hosting the destruction efforts , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . OPCW-UN Joint Mission special coordinator Sigrid Kaag told the OPCW 's executive council she was "  reaching out to others to consider joining this international effort , which is key to the successful implementation of the executive council 's decision . " The statement said that Umzucu would present a specific plan for the destruction of chemicals outside Syrian territory . "  The director general is also requested to establish a special trust fund for this purpose , " it said . Sarin allegations The U.N. resolution on Syria 's chemical weapons was based on a deal struck between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said at least 1,400 people died in the attack . Syria denied responsibility , blaming rebel forces . In Friday 's update , the OPCW said its mission in Syria had verified that more than 60 % of Syria 's declared unfilled munitions had been destroyed . Syria had committed to destroy all unfilled warheads and bombs by January 31 , it said . It follows its announcement on October 31 that Syria had destroyed all its declared chemical weapons mixing , filing and production facilities and that all of the chemical weapons at inspected sites were under seal . Read more : Syria meets first chemical weapons destruction deadline The mission had visited 21 out of 23 sites , the OPCW statement said , and 39 of the 41 facilities at those sites . The remaining two sites were too dangerous for the inspectors to go to , it said , but Syria had declared those sites as abandoned . The chemical weapons equipment there was moved to other sites , which were inspected . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement and is now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict .	OPCW says it has approved a detailed plan to destroy Syria 's chemical weapons by mid-2014 A U.N. resolution authorized a mission to oversee weapons destruction Weapons inspectors began checking chemical sites in the war-torn country in October A location for destruction of weapons outside Syria has not yet been announced
It is one of the most enduring mysteries of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , and for the families , it 's a reason for hope . Why did n't Flight 370 's emergency beacon work ? Why did n't the beacon send a distress signal to satellites overhead ? And the clincher : Why , if the beacon is designed to activate on impact , should we believe there was an impact ? Could the plane have landed intact ? Could the 239 passengers and crew still be alive ? The issue resonates with some family members looking for hope where little exists . Of the 26 questions families recently presented to the Malaysian government , 12 addressed the beacon . Adding to the mystery : Hijackers or renegade pilots can not disable some of the emergency beacons , namely , the ones attached to the plane 's airframe . They are powered by batteries and inaccessible to the crew . So by all accounts , the attached beacon on Flight 370 should have activated if the plane crashed . But experts consulted by CNN say there are numerous reasons why a beacon could fail in an ocean crash . The beacon itself could be damaged by the impact , or its antenna could be sheared from the fuselage , rendering it inoperable . And there 's one other possibility considered even more likely by some : The crash impact may have actually activated the beacon , but the damaged plane sank in less than 50 seconds , the time necessary for it to transmit its first emergency signal . The beacons do not work underwater . On Friday , 49 days after Flight 370 disappeared , no one can say with certainty what happened with the plane 's beacons . That has left some family members with a faint glimmer of hope , but others believing that the beacon system just failed . What are beacons ? Beacons -- more formally called emergency locator transmitters , or ELTs -- are devices that transmit an electronic distress signal in the event of a crash . Unlike the so-called "  pingers , " which help investigators zero in on a plane 's black boxes , ELTs are intended to help rescuers locate the plane itself . And , unlike the pingers , they do not operate when submerged under water , owing to the natural laws that govern radio waves . Malaysia Flight 370 had four of them , Malaysian officials told CNN . Two of the ELTs were stored with the airplane 's life raft , to be activated by hand or by contact with the water , if the life boats were deployed . The third ELT was stowed in the cabin . But the ELT of greatest interest is the remaining "  fixed " ELT , mounted to the aircraft frame . The fixed ELT -- a Honeywell RESCU 406 AFN -- was positioned near the rear door and connected to an antenna on top of the aircraft . It could be activated , either manually by a pilot in the cockpit , or automatically upon impact , by an inertial "  G-switch . " The RESCU 406 AFN was designed "  to provide emergency transmission for aircraft flying over land , " according to Honeywell 's published specifications . "  They are not mandated or designed to work under water , " a Honeywell spokesman told CNN . But experts say any impact -- whether on land or at sea -- likely would have activated the transmitter . Once activated , the device simultaneously transmits "  bursts " -- short , digitally coded signals -- on three frequencies . Two of the frequencies -- 243 MHz and 121.5 MHz -- are VHF frequencies and can help search planes hone in on a target . The third frequency is 406 MHz . That 's where satellites come in . Help from above In 1979 , the United States , Canada , France and the former Soviet Union teamed up to provide a global , satellite-based system to detect emergency beacons activated by planes , ships and backcountry hikers and to distribute those alerts to rescuers . Known as the International Cospas-Sarsat Programme , the enterprise claimed it made its first rescue in September 1982 , saving three people involved in the crash of a light aircraft in Canada . "  Cospas-Sarsat has done an enormous amount of good in the world , but almost nobody has ever heard of us , " said Steven Lett , an American diplomat and head of the Cospas-Sarsat Secretariat in Montreal . Cospas-Sarsat relies on six low-altitude , Earth-orbiting satellites and six high-altitude geostationary satellites , each with advantages and disadvantages . The six low-altitude satellites , whose main function is to provide meteorological information , orbit the poles and give complete but non-continuous coverage of the Earth 's surface . Because they can only view a portion of the Earth at any given time , the satellite may need to store geographic information from an emergency beacon and rebroadcast it when it comes within view of a ground facility . The six geostationary satellites , parked in spots more than 22,000 miles above the equator , cover most of the Earth 's surface but can not determine the location of the beacon unless the location is encoded in the signal . All of the satellites listen for a beacon 's 406 MHz signals and together can identify a beacon 's location to within approximately 3 kilometers , or just under 2 miles . If Flight 370 's ELT had transmitted a 406 MHz signal , it "  almost certainly would have been picked up by one of the geostationary satellites , " Lett said . Two satellites , India 's Insat-3A and Russia 's Electro-L1 , are both parked over the Indian Ocean . It perhaps would have also been picked up by an orbiting low-altitude satellite . Australia , Singapore , Indonesia and China all have antennas that monitor the satellites ' emergency transmitter . Some or all of them likely would have received the distress call . But authorities say no satellite signals were sent . No rescue was launched . Other rescues Cospas-Sarsat said about five people are rescued every day with the assistance of the satellite system . But the disappearance of large commercial jetliners is very rare , and consequently , so is the discovery of them . Cospas-Sarsat said it was instrumental in finding a Varig Airlines B-737 that wandered off course and crashed in the Brazilian jungle in September 1989 . And when a Turkish Airlines B-737 dropped off radar near Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands in 2009 , an ELT alert was the first confirmation to controllers that the aircraft had crashed . The organization also said it was the primary or sole source of location information in about 25 other cases involving aircraft with 10 or more passengers . Somewhere in the Indian Ocean What can explain the lack of a signal in the Flight 370 case ? Assuming that the device was working correctly , the crash could have broken the antenna or cut the connection with the ELT , rendering it useless . Another possibility , experts say , is that the aircraft could have sunk before the ELT began transmitting . It takes 50 seconds for the ELT to establish the necessary connection . It only takes one half-second data "  burst " to indicate there is an emergency . But it can take a half-dozen bursts -- at the rate of one every 50 seconds -- to provide information that will allow Cospas-Sarsat to triangulate the beacon 's position . "  In this case , there was n't even one burst , according to the reports that we received , " Lett said . If the plane crashed in the southern Indian Ocean , as Malaysia Airline officials believe , the lack of a distress call could indicate that the plane plunged into the water , or sank quickly , because once underwater , the beacon is ineffective . Likewise , the water-triggered ELTs in the life rafts would be ineffective if they became submerged , according to published Honeywell manuals for the devices . Cospas-Sarsat also notes that beacons must have a relatively unobstructed view of the sky to work properly . "  A submerged beacon , or one with its antenna blocked by the body of an aircraft or vessel , is unlikely to be received by the satellites , " the organization said . Said Honeywell Aerospace spokesman Steven Brecken : "  Until the recorders are recovered , we do n't want to speculate what could or could not have happened . We ask the same thing you do , why did n't the ELT operate ? We do n't have the answer . " Family questions In a recent letter to Malaysian authorities , a family group showered them with questions about the ELTs . How many ELTs are on the plane , they asked , adding that they had gotten conflicting numbers . Did Malaysia Airlines conduct maintenance checks ? When was the latest check for MH370 's ELT ? They asked to see the results of those checks . Was the 406 MHz beacon certified ? Was it possible to break the ELT in a crash ? Where exactly was it located ? Would the ELT signal be weakened if it was surrounded by metal ? Was the cable and blade antenna 9G certified ? How much impact is needed to activate the ELT ? Had the crew been trained in the use of ELTs ? Can a beacon unlock "  and bounce -LSB- float -RSB- to the surface of the water ? " Many of the questions remain unanswered . But Cospas-Sarsat officials said that previous accidents have exposed shortcomings with the system and that they are working to improve it . Among other things , they are testing a new constellation of mid-altitude satellites that can better determine the location of an ELT . And government and industry officials are working on a new generation of ELTs that can monitor a plane conditions , identify problems and send a distress signal before the plane ever reaches the ground . Or the sea .	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 had four beacons , or emergency locator transmitters One was designed to activate on impact , but satellites did not receive a distress signal The lack of a distress signal boosts hopes of passengers ' families
CNN  Hiccups . 3 facts : We all get them . They are annoying . They will go away . Well , Week one of the CNN Fit Nation Challenge has presented me with some hiccups . My hiccups started just before Christmas ; my right knee started aching . Disclaimer : I am 67 . Stuff happens ! The ache seemed to be no big deal . A little ibuprofen and I felt pretty good . I was still going to the gym , doing a little  very little  on my treadmill , and started swimming this January 7 . I went to a sports medicine doctor on January 15 and was given naproxen , which worked very well . I was scheduled to return to the doctor February 5 . Kick-off Weekend started on January 21 . With my new painkiller friend , I was able to keep up with everything and loved every minute of it . I was a bit achy , but darn it , I was not going to let it affect this amazing time . Plus , I did n't want it to show -- no big deal , the pain will go away . What a weekend -- it was amazing , awesome , really . Like I tell people , it was like Christmas , only with better workouts ! And I had fantastic teammates . We bonded . We laughed . We cried . January 25 , our last day together , we swam and then we hiked up Stone Mountain . But as the old saying goes , "  What goes up must come down . " There was no denying that my knee hurt . I figured it would go away , as all hiccups do  see hiccup facts above  . There is no time for babying it . We had lunch and then a lovely ride to the airport with CNN 's medical team . While on the flight on Sunday , I started feeling an itchy area on the back of my leg . "  It 's a bug bite , " I 'm thinking . Next morning , it is large and red . Tuesday morning , I awoke to snow . I checked the area on my leg and it was blistered . My mind went to "  brown recluse spider bite . " Everything was closed  snow in South Jersey closes everything  so I called a dear friend whose husband is a physician . He took one look at it and pronounced . "  You have shingles . " I was on meds by noon . But there was no swimming until the blistering was gone . OK , so I ca n't run and now I ca n't swim . Hiccups on hiccups . Doctors did an MRI on it January 28 . Since I am a nurse  uh , with a few control issues  , I always like to see the test results . They came in the mail January 30 . I 'd had a gym/swim  blisters gone  morning and felt great , thanks to my buddy naproxen , and had been feeling happy . But the results that came in the mail , well : I have a large medial meniscus tear , Baker 's cyst , enchondroma  a benign cartilage tumor  . Oh yeah , the hiccups just got real . I emailed the Fit Nation team managers . "  Stay calm , " they told me , "  we 'll get through this . " We will . The good news in all this : It 's Week 1 and , like all hiccups , this will go away . I foresee doctor visits in my future and maybe a "  procedure , " but these hiccups will go away . Stay tuned .	At 67 , Linda Garrett is the oldest person to have ever joined the Fit Nation team The semiretired psychiatric nurse kept busy looking after people in her job and in her family , and paid limited attention to her own health A mud run inspired her to want to train for a triathlon "  I 'm a triathlete in my mind . ... I want to make it a reality "
CNN  -- Silently huddled on the water 's edge , waiting hours on end for a hint of action , may not be everyone 's idea of a pleasurable pastime . But the joy of fishing -- much like its catch -- comes in many shapes and sizes . From wrestling ferocious Amazonian amphibians , to casting a reel in the shadow of Cinderella 's Castle , here are our top five aquatic expeditions to expand the mind and get your pulse racing . Pretty fly fishing A luxury Aspen hotel gives new meaning to the term "  fly-fishing " by offering helicopter rides over the dramatic Rocky Mountains to a secluded lake . Guests at Colorado 's five-star Little Nell 's Hotel are flown to a private ranch where they can fly-fish for trophy trout . Requiring a gentle touch and the stamina to withstand long hours knee-deep in water , fly-fishing is not for the fainthearted . But instructors are on hand to show beginners the tricks of this historic trade . Those lucky enough to catch a trout can also enjoy it for dinner that night , after learning the secrets of seafood cooking in a class run by the hotel 's chef . Lobster hunting Called the "  black gold " of the sea , lobsters are some of the most elusive -- and prized -- catches of the ocean . One of the best places in the world to get up close to these monstrous delicacies is the remote Great Orme coastline in north Wales . The Lobster Safari offers boat trips beside the towering cliffs , with on-board marine biologist Carl Davies explaining the process behind catching the elusive creatures in huge traps , known as pots . "  During the trip we haul numerous lobster pots so guests can see them up close and have an opportunity to handle the lobsters -- and for that matter a whole host of other marine creatures also caught in the pots , " Davies said . "  They can also spot other wildlife , like seabirds , seals , sometimes bottle nosed dolphins and the famous Kashmiri goats that live wild on the Orme . " Finding the real Nemo Along with playing catch and learning to ride a bike , fishing has long been viewed as a defining parent-child bonding experience . But if the promise of the great outdoors and quality time with the folks is n't enough to lure youngsters outside , perhaps Disney World is . Along with magical rides and stage shows , the Florida theme park also offers waterways teeming with bass . Families can cast their rods against the backdrop of Cinderella 's Castle , all with the help of angling experts . During the 1960s , more than 70,000 bass fingerlings were released into the Magic Kingdom 's Bay Lake and Seven Seas Lagoon and left to grow and breed undisturbed for almost 20 years . Today , guests can try their luck catching the adult fish , weighing up to 6.5 kilograms . Amazon adventure When it comes to ferocious fish , the South American peacock bass did n't earn the nickname "  freshwater bully " for nothing . With its striking green and gold coloring , aggressive nature , and hefty size , catching the Amazonian fish can often appear as a spectacular wrestling match between man and beast . But fearless fishermen can try their hand at the action from the comfort of a traditional three-deck river boat , while meandering down Brazil 's exotic waterways . "  The peacock bass is undoubtedly the world 's most aggressive , hard-fighting freshwater fish , " said Steve Townson , director of the Black Water Explorer expedition . "  When a peacock bass slams a topwater lure , it 's like a bomb going off . " A real pearler Nestled in between the windswept mountains of Ireland 's west coast , lies the dramatic Killary Harbor -- a breathtaking 16-kilometer fjord , plunging 45-meters deep below the surface . The piercing blue glacial fjord is also home to one of the largest -- and cleanest -- collections of shellfish in Europe . Guests at the nearby 1830s-era Delphi Lodge country house can cruise along the spectacular waterway in a speedboat , stopping at the historic oyster and mussel farms dotted along its rim . The day trip includes farming demonstrations and a chance to sample the freshly cooked produce with a glass of the nation 's iconic drink -- Guinness .	A look at the top five fishing expeditions from across the world Includes hunting for ferocious peacock bass in Amazon , while aboard traditional riverboat Perfect opportunity for family bonding at one of Disney World 's lakes Not just fish , but lobsters , mussels and oysters also on the menu at British hotspots
CNN  The two young women are seen in Islamic garb with only their faces showing . They appear to be seated against a wall . One reads a brief statement in English , which includes : "  We are in big danger and we could be killed . " The statement identifies them as Greta Ramelli and Vanessa Marzullo . Two young Italian women by those names -- ages 20 and 21 -- went missing and were believed kidnapped after they traveled to Syria in late July . "  I have no doubt that it 's them , " Vanessa 's father Salvatore Marzullo told CNN of the video posted online Thursday . Some postings say the video is from al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra . One of the young women holds a paper suggesting that the video was shot December 17 . "  We supplicate our government and its mediators to bring us back home before Christmas . We are in big danger and we could be killed . The government and its mediators are responsible of our lives , " the other says , reading the statement . Italian intelligence sources consider the video to be authentic , according to the state-run ANSA news agency . "  These women are shouting for help , they are sending out an SOS , " said Laura Boldrini , speaker of the Italian Chamber of Deputies . She added , "  We do not know how reliable this video is , but the situation of these two women is distressing . " The Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs declined to comment on the video . An Italian intelligence source told ANSA news agency that authorities are in a "  very delicate moment that requires maximum discretion . "	Two young women went missing after traveling to Syria in late July Some online postings say the video is from al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra "  I have no doubt that it 's them , " the father of one of the captives tells CNN
CNN  -- They might make you punch the air or bring a tear to your eye : this month on the Screening Room , we 've picked our top ten life-affirming moments from the movies . Our number one : Jimmy Stewart discovers life is sweet in "  It 's A Wonderful Life " From heartwarming classics to instant blockbusters , these are the on-screen scenes that never fail to fill you with joie de vivre . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog and we 'll publish the best . Read other CNN viewers ' favorite life-affirming movie moments , and tell us yours >> 1 . It 's A Wonderful Life  Frank Capra , 1946  "  Remember , no man is a failure who has friends . " Perennial Christmas favorite "  It 's A Wonderful Life " sees habitual do-gooder George Bailey  Jimmy Stewart  pulled back from the brink of despair by wannabe angel Clarence . As Bailey embraces his life with joy , it 's his friend 's final sign-off that draws a sentimental tear from even the most stone-hearted viewer . 2 . Spartacus  Stanley Kubrick , 1960  After the battle , Crassus  Laurence Olivier  promises to spare the rebel slaves ' lives if they give up Spartacus  Kirk Douglas  . In a stirring response , knowing that they are condemning themselves to death by crucifixion , they each rise with a cry of "  I am Spartacus ! " One moment 's freedom has never tasted so sweet . 3 . Casablanca  Michael Curtiz , 1942  A tense frisson of resentment ripples through Rick 's Bar as the boorish Nazi officers strike up in patriotic song . But a command from Lazlo  Paul Henreid  , a nod from Rick  Humphrey Bogart  , and a rousing chorus of the Marseillaise sees the hated occupiers put firmly back in their place . 4 . The Shawshank Redemption  Frank Darabont , 1994  In the harsh conditions of Shawshank Penitentiary , Andy  Tim Robbins  seizes an opportunity to lock himself in an office and broadcast a Mozart aria over the PA system . The heavenly voices shine light into the darkest depths of despair , bringing humanity to a place where there is none . 5 . Saving Private Ryan  Steven Spielberg , 1998  "  James -- earn this . Earn it . " As the gunfire pauses , Captain Miller  Tom Hanks  implores Private Ryan  Matt Damon  -- and , by proxy , us -- not to waste a drop of life : the greatest of gifts is too precious to be frittered away . 6 . Blade Runner  Ridley Scott , 1982  Roy the replicant 's deep humanity comes to the fore as his last moments slip away . Rutger Hauer 's lines on life 's fleeting nature -- "  lost in time like tears in the rain " -- are both provocative and poignant : has he become more human than the people who seek to hunt him down ? 7 . American Beauty  Sam Mendes , 1999  "  It 's hard to stay mad when there 's so much beauty in the world . " Kevin Spacey 's closing speech inspires us to look at the world around us with fresh eyes , from the flaws in our loved ones to plastic bags caught in the wind . 8 . Silent Running  Douglas Trumbull , 1972  "  Take good care of the forest , Huey . " Renegade botanist Freeman Lowell  Bruce Dern  blasts the world 's last remaining plant life into deep space , with only a robot to tend to it . A timely reminder of how one man 's actions can preserve life and hope . 9 . Dead Poets ' Society  Peter Weir , 1989  Mr Keating  Robin Williams  inspires his young charges to seize the day and throw off the shackles of their privileged yet stuffy school . We challenge you not to feel a lump in your throat when Todd  played by a young Ethan Hawke  and his classmates stand on the desk in spirited tribute to their disgraced teacher . 10 . Victory  John Huston , 1981  "  Come on lads , we can win this one ! " Ludicrous yet rousing , "  Victory " pitted plucky British footballers , led by Michael Caine and fortified by Pele and Sly , against a dastardly German team in a high-profile game that 's weighted against them . Their plot ? To escape during half time . But who wants to flee midway when there 's a match to be won ? "  Victoire ! Victoire ! " chant the crowd . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . E-mail to a friend	Films full of life-affirming moments include "  Casablanca , " "  Silent Running " "  It 's a Wonderful Life " tops list from "  The Screening Room " List by no means complete ; send us yours
Paris  CNN  -- A French writer filed a criminal complaint Tuesday against embattled former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn , alleging attempted rape , according to her attorney David Koubbi . Tristane Banon , 32 , filed the new claim just as a separate New York case against the French financier appeared to be on shaky ground . A Strauss-Kahn lawyer in France said he had filed a counterclaim against Banon for "  false declarations . " French prosecutors are expected to review the complaint and determine whether there is enough evidence to press charges . Though the alleged attack occurred in 2003 , the statute of limitations on attempted rape is 10 years . In an interview with the French news-magazine L'Express , Banon said she decided to act because she was fed up with being labelled a liar , having not previously filed a criminal complaint . Banon said Strauss-Kahn 's alleged assault had been widely discussed in light of the charges he faces in New York and she now had a chance to tell her own story and be listened to . "  If I want one day to put an end to this hell of the past eight years , it has to go to court , " she told the magazine . Asked about the delay in coming forward to report the attempted rape , Banon said it was difficult for all women in this situation . She added that she had been reluctant to go over and over the details , when all she wanted to do was forget about it . It was even harder to face that prospect when the she knew that the attempt would likely fail , she told L'Express , because no-one would believe the word of a young writer over a powerful figure like Strauss-Kahn . Asked if she had concerns about repercussions for bringing the complaint now , Banon told L'Express she feared reprisals because she was a thorn in the side of the former IMF chief On Tuesday , her attorney told CNN that the alleged attack had taken place with "  extreme violence . " The new legal fireworks came after questions arose about the truthfulness of a housekeeper who alleged that Strauss-Kahn , 62 , attacked her in his New York hotel suite in May . Banon said the decision to file the complaint had been taken with her lawyer in mid-June and had not been affected by the sudden crumbling of the case against Strauss-Kahn in New York , according to her interview with L'Express . One of Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers in New York , Benjamin Brafman , on Monday declined to comment on the allegations in France . Banon 's mother , Socialist politician Anne Mansouret , said shortly after the housekeeper 's accusations were splashed across front pages around the world that her daughter had been attacked by Strauss-Kahn in 2003 but that she had discouraged her at the time from filing charges against him . Mansouret , a member of parliament , said she cautioned Banon not to file a police report at the time for fear it would hurt her journalism career . On Tuesday , she said she had not realized before how much her daughter was affected by the alleged incident . "  At the time , I never thought that it had traumatized her to such a point , " she told CNN affiliate network BFM . Banon "  expects to be destroyed " after filing the complaint against Strauss-Kahn , her mother added . But she must "  find the combative instinct that is needed to withstand the shock and say to herself , ` OK , I must do this and I will carry it out , ' " Mansouret said . Strauss-Kahn was never charged in connection with the alleged attack on Banon . But in light of the charges against Strauss-Kahn after the alleged incident at a Sofitel hotel in New York , Koubbi said a few weeks ago that he and Banon had considered filing a complaint . Koubbi said the cases were not connected . "  I do n't see any reason why these two cases should be joined , because either the prosecutor has enough elements to condemn Dominique Strauss-Kahn in the United States -- and if he does , he should do it -- or he needs to bring two cases together to get a conviction , " he said in June . "  In that case , we do not want to participate , " he added . Strauss-Kahn 's attorney in France , Leon Lef Forster , did not respond to requests for comment on the allegations in May . Mansouret recently pulled out of the Socialist Party presidential primaries . Strauss-Kahn had been a front-runner for the party nomination until the New York arrest , and suggestions that the case was floundering have revived talk of his chances in next year 's presidential elections . Mansouret described herself last week as "  the woman who embarrasses the Socialist Party . " "  I am ... a sort of collateral damage in the DSK affair . I knew for a long time that my political career was sealed with this bomb , but I did n't imagine that this bitter past could be revived so violently , " she wrote Friday on the Rue89 website , referring to the alleged attack in New York . In May , Mansouret said that in 2003 , her journalist daughter had interviewed Strauss-Kahn in his office in the National Assembly . However , after the interview , Banon received a text message from Strauss-Kahn , saying he was not happy with the interview and asking if he could speak with her again , Mansouret said . After Banon arrived at the address Strauss-Kahn had sent her , he locked the door to the room they were in , took her hand and grabbed her arm , according to Mansouret . Banon told him to let her go , and the incident ended with the two struggling on the floor , Mansouret said . Banon managed to escape the apartment and locked herself in her car , where she called her mother . Mansouret said she arrived about an hour and a half later to find her daughter still locked in the car and looking "  roughed up . " The heel of one shoe was broken , Mansouret recalled . But Mansouret told her daughter not to file a complaint out of concern that she would become known as Strauss-Kahn 's victim . CNN does not typically identify sexual assault victims , but Mansouret said her daughter gave permission for her name to be disclosed . In New York , the prosecution 's case against Strauss-Kahn has been shaken in recent days after sources revealed that the housekeeper at the Sofitel hotel had been less than truthful with investigators . Within two days after the alleged attack occurred , she spoke by phone with a boyfriend in an Arizona jail in a recorded conversation . A source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that the housekeeper said "  she 's fine and this person is rich and there 's money to be made , " as originally reported by The New York Times . The 32-year-old immigrant has admitted to prosecutors that she lied about her whereabouts following the alleged attack , the details of an asylum application and information she put on tax forms , according to documents filed in court Friday by prosecutors . Prosecutors said Friday that the woman also admitted to lying about being a victim of a gang rape . In angry remarks delivered outside the courthouse , the woman 's attorney , Kenneth Thompson , acknowledged problems with his client 's credibility . But the bottom line , he said , is that she was attacked . "  That was true the day it happened , and it is true today , " Thompson said . "  She has described that sexual assault many times to the prosecutors and to me . And she has never once changed a single thing about that account . " On Tuesday , the attorney for the alleged victim 's announced that she had filed a libel lawsuit against the New York Post and five of its reporters , after the newspaper reported that the woman was a prostitute . The woman has accused the newspaper of publishing articles with false and defamatory information in the effort to bolster sales . A spokeswoman for the New York Post , Suzi Halpin , responded to the lawsuit Tuesday , saying "  we stand by our reporting . " Meanwhile , the indictment and charges against Strauss-Kahn -- including criminal sexual acts and sexual abuse -- still stand . And though he is now free to travel in the United States , a judge said authorities have continued to withhold the French financier 's passport . After the charges were filed against him in New York , Strauss-Kahn resigned as director of the International Monetary Fund . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Susan Candiotti , Saskya Vandoorne and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .	NEW : Tristane Banon tells L'Express she was fed up with being labelled a liar NEW : The attorney for the accuser in New York said she is suing New York Post for libel A French journalist 's lawyer says he filed a criminal complaint over a 2003 incident in France "  If I want one day to put an end to this hell of the past eight years , it has to go to court , " said Banon
CNN  -- A bright red casket with butterflies on it was center stage in a packed Los Angeles auditorium Wednesday as thousands of mourners bid farewell to Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera . Brassy music rang out in the Gibson Amphitheatre , which holds 6,100 people . Photos showing Rivera with her family flashed in the background . Fans chanted her name , waving white roses in the air . "  Jenni made it OK for women to be who they are , " longtime manager Pete Salgado said , choking back tears and drawing cheers from the crowd . "  Jenni also made it OK to be from nothing with the hopes of being something . " Rivera , whose soulful ballads sold out concert halls and made her a household name to many , died in a plane crash in a remote , mountainous area in northern Mexico on December 9 . The crash killed everyone aboard the small plane , including Rivera 's publicist , lawyer and makeup artists . Read more : Rivera crash puts spotlight on charter jet safety Family members called Wednesday 's ceremony a "  graduation to heaven , " saying the singer 's powerful spirit would live on and urging fans to keep her memory alive . "  I am sure that my sister is singing now , " said Juan Manuel Rivera , one of her brothers . Another family member , Gustavo Lawrence Rivera , asked crowds to applaud for "  Jenni , the eternal diva . " Nicknamed "  La Diva de la Banda " or The Diva of Banda Music , Rivera was a musical powerhouse with her Spanish-language performances of regional Mexican corridos , or ballads . Rivera sold 15 million records , according to Billboard , and recently won two Billboard Music Awards , including favorite Mexican music female artist . She was reportedly on the verge of a crossover with an English-language sitcom inspired by the success of "  I Love Jenni , " a Spanish-language reality TV show on Telemundo 's mun2 network . ` Perfectly imperfect ' The singer was also known for her tumultuous personal life -- something her friends and family acknowledged in Wednesday 's ceremony . Both Salgado and one of Rivera 's daughters described her as "  perfectly imperfect . " Pepe Garza , the singer 's godfather , said her honesty and openness made friends and fans adore her . "  Above all we love her for her imperfections , " he said . "  It was her blunders that made us know that she was one of us . " Born in Long Beach , California , to Mexican immigrant parents , Rivera released her debut album in 1999 , according to her website . She followed that up with two more albums , including the 2003 album "  Farewell to Selena " -- a tribute to slain Tejano star Selena Quintanilla -- that increased her popularity . She was nominated for Latin Grammy Awards in 2002 , 2008 and 2011 . In October , People en Espa  ol named her to its list of the 25 most powerful women . Rivera became a single mom at the age of 15 and was the mother of five children , all of whom spoke at Wednesday 's memorial . In 2009 , Rivera made headlines when she was detained at the Mexico City airport with tens of thousands of dollars in cash . A year later , she made headlines again with the marriage to former baseball pitcher Esteban Loaiza , who played for the New York Yankees and the Los Angeles Dodgers . They later divorced . It was her third marriage . Her over-the-top lifestyle was chronicled in "  I Love Jenni " on Telemundo . The show began airing on mun2 last year , and featured her life on the road , balancing the duties of motherhood and stardom as she toured Mexico and the United States . "  My mom would fight any battle for us and for her honor , even if there was no one to fight , " her son , Trinidad "  Michael " Angel Rivera recalled Wednesday . "  Sometimes it seemed like she was just waking up to fight the day , to prove that in those 24 hours , she could make 35 hours worth of work . " He asked audience members for 27 seconds of silence in honor of the victims of last week 's shooting rampage in Connecticut . "  I know my mother would have been heartbroken to hear about something like that , " he said . "  Because even though for me , it was a tragedy to lose my mother at 27 years old , there were mothers who lost their children before they got the chance to find out who they were going to be , whether they were going to be singers or doctors . ... They did n't have a chance to live . " Read more : America missed out on getting to know Jenni Rivera Plane company investigation Rivera performed at a concert in Monterrey on December 8 before boarding the Learjet early the next day . It lost contact with air traffic controllers about 60 miles into the trip . The small plane was 43 years old , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing the Mexican director of civil aviation . The Drug Enforcement Administration is investigating the company that owned the plane . Court records showed that the aviation company , Starwood Management , had two planes seized this year . The DEA declined to give further details , citing an ongoing investigation . But it confirmed that the company was in a dispute with insurance firms over accusations of of falsehoods . Starwood and its representatives have not responded to repeated CNN requests for comments . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it is helping with the investigation . U.S. records show the airplane was substantially damaged in 2005 when it struck a runway marker near Amarillo , Texas . At the time , the plane 's pilot reported losing the ability to steer while landing the plane . As the investigation into what caused the crash continues , family members said Wednesday that they were grateful to fans for their support and were committed to honoring Rivera 's legacy . "  The best thing you ever taught me is when you fall , you get back up , " daughter Jacqie Melina Campos said . "  So that 's what I 'm going to do . " As the ceremony drew to a close , confetti fell onto the stage , and family members and fans covered Rivera 's casket with white roses . A band played the last few bars of "  I Will Survive " before a recording of Rivera 's voice boomed through the speakers . Owner of plane in Jenni Rivera crash under DEA investigation Journalist Victor Badillo , CNNMexico.com and CNN 's Rafael Romo , Jim Barnett , Guillermo Arduino and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : "  My mom would fight any battle for us and for her honor , " the singer 's son says NEW : Mourners pray in silence for victims of last week 's school shooting in Connecticut Manager : "  Jenni ... made it OK to be from nothing with the hopes of being something " Godfather : "  Her blunders ... made us know that she was one of us "
Voters in 11 rural counties in northern Colorado will go the polls Tuesday to decide whether they want to continue living in the 137-year-old state or break off and form their own . Even if a majority of voters in the referendum approve secession , breaking away would be a daunting , perhaps nigh-on-impossible path . A new state would require approval first in the Colorado legislature and then from the U.S. Congress , as laid out by Article IV , Section 3 of the Constitution . But then , that 's not the point . The point , says Sean Conway , is to send a message "  to the governor . Send a message to our legislators , " said the commissioner of Weld County , the most populous of the 11 counties seeking to secede . "  We 're tired of being ignored , we 're tired of being politically disenfranchised , and if you do n't wake up and you do n't start to change things , you 're going to see more movements like this begin to take a more serious face and move towards creating our own political entity that we believe will protect our very way of life and our economy . " Few in Colorado expect the secession movement to succeed . But for many in the 11 counties -- 10 in the northeast and one in the northwest that would join Wyoming -- it seems the only viable option for having their voices heard in a Democratic-controlled state legislature that they feel puts the concerns of urban residents ahead of the concerns of those in rural areas . In part , rural Coloradans feel they were n't heard when the state passed a stringent gun control measure , a law that lead to the successful recall of two of the state 's most powerful Democratic legislators . But the straw that really broke the camel 's back , according to Conway , was an energy bill that raised the amount of electricity that must come from renewable sources . Conway argues the law unfairly favored urban communities while putting a much harsher , more expensive burden on those in rural areas . "  We 're not renewable-energy unfriendly out here in rural Colorado , " Conway said . "  But when you start imposing mandates different on other folks than yourself , that 's the definition of tyranny , and I think it 's kind of where this whole issue started to manifest itself . " No governor wants to preside over a breakup of his or her state , and Gov. John Hickenlooper is no exception . "  Rural communities are hurting , but it 's not because of background checks on guns sales , civil unions for gay people or expanded renewable energy . In fact , these are popular proposals across communities large and small . The same is true of our efforts to protect water for agricultural uses , expand broadband into rural areas , and promote tourism and economic diversity across the state , " the Democratic governor said in a statement . "  There may be a political agenda behind secession I do n't get , because when I think of Colorado , it means all of our diverse communities and people . I ca n't imagine Colorado being Colorado without the Eastern Plains . If this talk of a 51st state is about politics designed to divide us , it is destructive . But if it is about sending a message , then I see our responsibility to lean in and do a better job of listening . " When it comes to the counties considering secession , politics run hand in hand with geography . When Seth Masket , a political science professor at the University of Denver did the math , he realized that had the 11 counties been a state of their own in the 2012 elections , that state would have been the second most Republican of all , behind only Utah . Yet Colorado overall went to President Barack Obama , earning 51 % of the vote compared to Mitt Romney 's 46 % . "  You see this going on in a lot of states , that increasingly you have one-party control in a lot of state governments . Right now there are 43 states where one party is in control of both chambers of the state legislature , " Masket said . "  That 's actually the highest number since the 1950s , and the minority party is looking for ways to stop that in different places . " But Jeffrey Hare says secession is n't about politics . "  It 's about having a government that is responsive to the needs of its communities , and what we 've seen at the state level is an urban-based legislature forced their will against rural Colorado time and time again , " said the organizer of The 51st State Initiative . "  We think this is a healthy response to this urban-versus-rural divide that 's not just the case in Colorado . It 's really throughout the country . " Secession is not the only item on Colorado 's referendum ballot Tuesday . While only the 11 northern counties will be voting on breaking away from the state , all the Centennial State will be voting on a school-funding bill and on raising new taxes for marijuana , which was recently legalized . A new state from a portion of the old is not unprecedented , Conway said . Of the 50 states , five were once part of another : Tennessee , West Virginia , Kentucky , Maine and Vermont . Also worth noting : No state has broken away since West Virginia in 1863 and no state has technically seceded since North Carolina in 1861 . Not everyone in Weld County agrees with Conway and Hare . District Attorney Ken Buck says he wo n't be voting for the non-binding measure , even if he understands it . "  It 's not the best strategy . The best strategy for dealing with the political issues is through the political system , " said the U.S. Senate candidate . Working through the system has n't worked out for a lot of conservative causes lately . "  I think what 's happening is that things are moving so fast the people do n't feel included in the process . We 've legalized marijuana . We 've legalized civil unions . We 've legalized a lot of things very quickly , " Buck said . "  That 's a lot of change for people to accept . "	Colorado 's secession referendum highlights state 's urban-rural divide Gun control law , renewable energy bill among the issues driving vote 10 counties in northeastern corner and 1 in northwest will decide Tuesday Secession unlikely to get required OK from state legislature , U.S. Congress
CNN  -- Packed tight into wire baskets -- sometimes 20 or more to a cage -- animal rights activists say as many as 200,000 live dogs every year are smuggled from northeast Thailand across the Mekong River destined for restaurants in Vietnam . Dehydrated , stressed , some even dying of suffocation on the trip , the dogs are often stacked 1,000 to a truck on a journey that lasts for days . "  Obviously when you 've got dogs stacked on top of each other they start biting each other because they are so uncomfortable , any kind of movement then the dog next to the one that 's being crushed is going to bite back , " said Tuan Bendixsen , director of Animals Asia Foundation Vietnam , a Hanoi-based animal welfare group . When they arrive in Vietnam , the suffering does n't end there . A common belief is that stress and fear releases hormones that improve the taste of the meat , so the dogs are placed in stress cages that restrict their movement . Eventually , the dogs are either bludgeoned to death or have their throats cut in front of other dogs who are awaiting the same fate . In some cases , they 've been known to be skinned alive . "  Dogs are highly intelligent animals so if you kill a dog and you have a whole cage of dogs next to the one that 's being killed , those dogs that are going to be killed next know what 's going on , " Bendixsen said . According to animal rights groups , dog smugglers round up everything from family pets to Thailand 's ubiquitous strays -- known as soi dogs -- to sell the animals in Vietnam , or even as far away as China where a pedigree dog can fetch a premium price . John Dalley of the Phuket-based Soi Dog Foundation estimates 98 % of the dogs are domesticated and that some are even still wearing collars and have been trained and respond to commands . "  You can see all types of pedigree animals in these captured Thai shipments -- golden retrievers , long-haired terriers , you name it , " says Dalley . "  Some are bought . Others are snatched from streets , temples , and even people 's gardens . " In the past , batches of stray dogs were traded for plastic buckets , but these days with demand soaring -- especially in the winter months when dog meat is regarded as a "  warming " food -- a dog in Thailand can fetch up to $ 10 . This figure jumps to around $ 60 once they are served up in restaurants in Vietnam . Dalley says pet dogs , in particular , are targeted because they are friendlier and easier to catch . Animal rights activists estimate that more than one million dogs are eaten each year in Vietnam ; for the dog smugglers of the Mekong , business is booming . While the trade is illegal in Thailand , and authorities have made a number of raids involving thousands of dogs , dog traders claim the laws are unclear and have even mounted counter protests against a series of crackdowns . Smugglers are normally prosecuted under laws that prohibit the illegal trade and transportation of animals and , with no direct animal cruelty laws in Thailand , prosecutors attempt to charge smugglers with cruelty under Criminal Code laws . The Soi Dog Foundation and the Thai Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals are fighting to change that and are currently working through the Department of Livestock Development to get an Animal Welfare Draft Law through the Thai Parliament . The reality , however , is that smugglers often receive light sentences of just a few months in jail . Animal activists also say thousands of impounded dogs -- rescued from smugglers -- that end up in quarantine centers sometimes find their way back onto the streets and in the dog meat circle again . "  This is not about whether it is right or wrong to eat dog meat , " Dalley says . "  It is about an illegal trade worth millions of dollars per year organized by criminals . The way in which these dogs are transported and , if they survive , killed , is horrific . "  Some of the footage we receive is so horrific it 's too strong even for the media to run . It 's so inhumane ... it 's quite literally hell on earth . "	Dog smuggling is booming in Thailand around the Mekong border region with Laos Thai authorities say the trade has been growing thanks to a strong market in Vietnam Animal welfare groups say operators often pick up strays off the street including pets A dog in Thailand can fetch up to $ 10 but sells for $ 60 in restaurants in Vietnam
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The recession is a good excuse for employers to introduce a pay freeze , but what if you think your hard work deserves greater financial reward ? Four experts share their tips for getting a pay raise during the downturn . With a bit of luck , you could get a pay raise , even in the current economic climate . 1 . Knowledge is power , so before you pursue a pay increase , do some research . "  Compare your salary with that of your colleagues and with job adverts so you know the market salary for your position , " says Sherridan Hughes , occupational psychologist with Career Analysts . 2 . "  You need to justify a pay raise , " says Corinne Mills , managing director of Personal Career Management . She says you need to show your boss that you are exceeding your job requirements . "  You need to demonstrate that you have brought in business or have taken on additional responsibility . Perhaps redundancies mean you have been doing the jobs of two people , " says Mills . 3 . Do n't work harder for that pay increase , work smarter -- and work in line with the goals of management . So says Robert Weil , president of Institute for Coaching . "  Increased pay and bonuses go first to those who impact the bottom line or impact what is most important to management , " he says . 4 . Weil says you must make sure your actions and daily plan are aligned with your company goals . "  If the company , for example , wants more business from existing clients , then make sure you are putting all of your energy into that . If your company wants to cut costs , make sure you are doing that , " he says . "  Think outside the box , get creative and be resourceful " . 5 . It 's not all bad news . David Randall , a career consultant with Career Energy , says that even in the depths of the downturn , some businesses are giving pay raises . "  Firms need talent and talent costs money -- if they do n't pay then people will go elsewhere . That applies in large measure to executives , who are by definition talented , " he says . Do you have any tips for getting a pay raise ? Sound Off below 6 . Randall says that when you approach your boss for a raise you need to create a win-win deal for both of you . You should say that your goal is to have a higher salary and you want to know what to do to perform to a higher level that justifies that salary . "  It could be you can do that by working in a different way , by taking on more responsibility or by meeting certain targets that your manager can set , " he says . "  Whatever it is , a deal can usually be worked out that will create the extra value to justify a pay increase . " 7 . Ask nicely . Mills says it 's important to discuss your request in a pre-arranged meeting . She says that even if your boss says no , they might be able to set a date for a pay review , perhaps in six months . If a date is set for a future review , confirm it in writing , even if it 's just an email . 8 . Remember , not all jobs are equal and not all are suffering from the downturn . Randall says , "  Businesses need to keep up with the state of labor market supply . In shortage areas they will have to pay people in order to retain them . " 9 . It can seem extreme but sometimes threatening to leave is what it takes to make your boss realize your value to the company , says Hughes . But she adds , "  If you threaten to leave your job if you do n't get a pay raise , you must be prepared to follow through with your threat . " 10 . "  Manage expectation , " says Mills . "  Times are tough and if it 's not in your contract that you will get a salary raise each year , do n't think you have an automatic right . "	Career advisors give tips on how to get a raise in the economic downturn Work in line with your company goals to show your worth , they say Some firms are still giving pay raises , says career consultant David Randall
CNN  -- A bird struck an Arkansas hospital 's helicopter Saturday , tearing a hole into the aircraft 's nose and prompting the pilot to land early , according to officials and pictures taken after the landing . A medical helicopter landed near Forrest City , Arkansas , on Saturday after striking a bird . The chopper 's pilot made a "  safe landing " in that state after hitting a bird while returning to Baptist Health Center in Little Rock , Arkansas , hospital spokesman Mark Lowman said . "  I think the pilot just made a judgment call to set it down , " Lowman said of the landing , which happened at 6:15 p.m. Saturday near Forrest City , Arkansas . Video footage taken by CNN affiliate WREG showed a bird hanging out of a hole torn into the paneling on the chopper 's nose . Part of the helicopter 's windshield also was broken . The pilot was slightly injured during the landing , and the other two crew members on board were uninjured , Lowman said . Federal aviation officials are investigating , and the helicopter is not expected to be grounded for long , he said . The helicopter was returning from a hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , where the crew had taken a patient . The incident came two days after a US Airways jetliner was forced to land in New York 's Hudson River , apparently after striking a flock of birds . Shortly after the jet took off from New York 's LaGuardia airport on Thursday , the crew reported seeing a flock of birds . Seconds later , the cockpit voice recorder captured the sounds of loud "  thumps " and both of the plane 's engines failed . The pilot , C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , landed the Airbus A320 in the Hudson , where all 155 people aboard were rescued .	Bird hits Arkansas hospital 's helicopter , forcing pilot to land early Copter 's pilot suffers minor injuries during landing Incident comes days after birds apparently forced jet to land in Hudson River
CNN  -- The video of Ray Rice knocking his then-fiancee Janay Palmer unconscious and then dragging her body out of an elevator brought the topic of domestic violence to the nation 's attention . Unfortunately , the series of events in this case -- the initial abuse , then the victim-blaming , and the NFL 's response -- is not unique to the hyper-masculine culture of the NFL , but is a microcosm of what occurs in our society more broadly . I have seen this far too often in my work specializing in domestic violence law . What the nation saw in the video of Ray Rice 's abuse happens every day in America . In our country , one-in-three high school girls and women experience intimate partner violence , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That is : one-third of our female population experiences untold physical , psychological , and developmental harm . Stated another way , domestic abuse occurs at rates higher than the combined number of automobile accidents , stranger rapes , and muggings that women experience . Janay Rice 's experience is not really sensational or extraordinary , it is ordinary . She has asked the public to leave her family alone , but we do n't have to talk about her to talk about domestic violence . Instead , we could talk about my client whose husband called 911 saying , "  I think I 've killed my wife . " He was an elementary school teacher , not a professional athlete or celebrity , so there was no media coverage of the severe injuries he inflicted or the five-year jail sentence he received after nearly killing his wife . We could talk about another client whose boyfriend  now husband  burned her with a scalding hot iron , permanently scarring her arm , and later tried to run her over with his car . Or we could talk about my many clients who have been raped , beaten unconscious , and otherwise brutalized by their intimate partners . And this is only the physical abuse ; emotional and psychological abuse often inflict deeper harm . Nor is the NFL 's permissive , slow , and underwhelming response to domestic violence unusual in our country . Sadly , our society and legal systems have largely failed to prevent or respond to intimate partner violence . Historically , as long as a husband did n't kill or maim his wife , he would not be prosecuted . During the 1800s and 1900s , legal doctrine gave the husband the right of chastisement over his wife and immunity for marital rape . Laws against domestic violence are recent and it was n't until the mid-1990s that each state had protection order laws . Even with laws in place , police and prosecutors are frequently slow to act , and by the time an abuse survivor seeks police or court intervention , he or she has typically experienced repeated and severe abuse . The question of how to prevent abuse persists . To prevent domestic violence , we must grapple with the causes of violence and the societal forces that condone and perpetuate abuse . Gender inequality and masculine norms of dominance , toughness , and control chiefly contribute to the continuation of abuse . The other major factor is the intergenerational effect of domestic violence , with research showing that witnessing abuse between one 's parents is the strongest risk factor for transmitting abusive behavior across generations . I can respect that Janay Rice does not wish to be tokenized or become a national spokesperson . Let 's instead have a larger conversation about prevention and intervention in our domestic violence epidemic .	Jane Stoever : The abuse Janay Rice suffered not extraordinary in U.S. It 's painfully ordinary 1 in 3 teen girls , women suffer partner violence . Stoever sees many grim cases in her law practice Only since '90s have all states had protection order laws . Abuse long tolerated , she says Stoever : U.S. must grapple with causes : male domination , gender inequality , violence seen in home
Washington  CNN  -- "  Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us . The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a president and senators and congressmen and government officials , but the voters of this country . " -- Franklin D. Roosevelt When I began the Facebook fan page "  Join the Coffee Party Movement , " I had no idea what would transpire . It was about 1:30 a.m. January 26 , and I was very frustrated with the endless news coverage about the Tea Party and the growing narrative that it represented America . I was driven by a question , a curiosity : If I build it , will they come ? Would anyone respond to my call for civility in our political discourse and cooperation in government ? First they came virtually . More than 155,000 joined the fan page in less than six weeks . But were they real people ? Inside a town hall meeting room in Haymarket , Virginia , last Saturday morning , and then at The Potter 's House in Washington that afternoon , I had an answer to my questions . In Haymarket , two dozen people came , ten of them veterans . In Washington , a hundred people came . In all , we had reports of more than 350 events held for "  National Coffee Party Day " in at least 44 states ; even Americans living abroad gathered in Italy , Panama and Indonesia . People from all walks of life and all political dispositions sat together as fellow Americans to discuss their concerns about our politics : accountability , corporate influence , health care reform , education reform , the economy , immigration reform , filibusters , etc. . There was a generally shared anxiety for many that corporations were gaming the political process . There was passion and excitement about what the Coffee Party could become politically and personally . Here was a chance for people to have a voice in our government and hope in our future . In just a few weeks , the Facebook page had become a town square where people could meet , talk , learn , engage , share , serve and be part of a community . All day Saturday , messages and reports were sent directly to Coffee Party organizers and left on the Facebook fan page from across the country , "  The event exceeded my expectations ... I was expecting 20 people and a hundred showed up ... We ca n't wait to meet again ... It was amazing . I was surprised that we were able to sit and have a civil conversation with a Tea Party member ... I do n't feel alone now ... " What is going on ? It seems to me that the Coffee Party members are a silent and extremely frustrated majority only too happy to find one another . Over the course of many years , Americans have grown accustomed to thinking of two-party politics as a kind of a zero-sum game . If one team wins , the other team loses . The game framework encourages many Americans to be spectators passively watching professional politicians go at each other . Furthermore , it invites people to "  game " the process to advance their personal or partisan agendas . In Washington , recently the tactics have become so vicious that the game looks more like Ultimate Fighting . This is not acceptable . The game framework is not an intrinsic quality of democracy . In fact , it is inconsistent with the basic tenets of democracy . Democracy presupposes a community of people deliberating , through their elected representatives , to advance the common good -- a method of collective decision-making . When we regard politics as a game , we all lose . Because when it comes down to it , politics is about all of our futures . In America , we have a democracy , but with vulnerabilities and loopholes . One loophole is that the most active and organized constituents have disproportionate influence over our government . For instance , corporations can afford to pay thousands of lobbyists to work full-time at doing this . This gives them a disproportionate influence over our government and presents a serious challenge to democracy in America . This is really at the root of our discontent : our government 's relationship to corporate America and this special interest seems altogether unconstitutional . As the Constitution dictates , we want a government of the people , by the people , for the people . Coffee Party USA is a democracy movement , and our goal is to have the government truly reflect the will of the people . How do we restore the primacy of ordinary people in our government ? We can find immediate institutional solutions -- for example , changing Senate rules and procedures that impede government , countering misinformation and promoting campaign finance reform and term limits . There is a profound relationship problem between the government and the people that it serves . Many Americans feel alienated from the corrupted political process , the dysfunction of the government and the seeming polarization of our society . The health care debate and the spectacle of the August town halls laid open all that alienation and despair . Since August , many of us chose to cocoon in our homes , growing more frustrated and outraged over our diseased political system . This is a terrible state of affairs because the public 's disengagement from politics is the greatest threat to a democracy . We are proposing to address this threat , to practice democracy at the local level and create a home in the public sphere . What better place than a neighborhood coffee shop to create that home ? There are three steps to this model of participatory democracy . The first step is creating a public space for open and civil dialogue . The second step is collective deliberation , considering facts and values to arrive at a decision . The third step is working toward implementing the decision . We will practice all three steps as a community , pledging to be civil to each other . Our next national event is the "  Coffee Summit " on the weekend of March 27 , coming to a coffee shop near you -- followed by "  Coffee With Congress " during the April congressional recess . We will be asking our representatives to sit down with us over coffee . You are all invited to join us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Annabel Park .	Annabel Park says she started Coffee Party on Facebook over frustration with Tea Parties Site 's success , attendance at Coffee Party events signify need for action , she says Movement aimed at civil discourse , giving citizens a voice in democracy , she says Park : We 're upset at corrupt political process ; we want to re-engage with government
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's high court is indefinitely suspending all its sessions , after supporters of President Mohamed Morsy surrounded the building and blocked judges from entering . Calling Sunday a "  dismal , black day " in the history of the country 's judiciary , the court said in a statement that its judges will not return to work until they can do their jobs "  without any psychological or physical pressures . " "  The judges of the Supreme Constitutional Court have no choice but to declare to the great Egyptian people that they are unable to perform their sacred mission in light of the current charged situation , " the statement said , according to the state-run MENA news agency . It was the latest salvo in a growing crisis that pits Morsy and his conservative Islamist allies against liberal , secular opponents , raising fears among observers that the political strife could translate to violence in the streets . Read more : Rallies in Cairo as Morsy sets date for constitution referendum A protester who was injured in anti-Morsy demonstrations last week died of his wounds Sunday , Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Mohamed Sultan said . And at least one person died and 66 were injured Saturday in clashes at protests , both for and against the president , according to MENA . Sunday 's protest by Morsy 's supporters forced judges to postpone ruling on the legitimacy of the body drawing up the nation 's constitution , and on a separate but related decision about whether to dissolve the Shura Council , Egypt 's upper house of parliament . The scheduled court session was widely viewed as a challenge to Morsy , who set off a political maelstrom on November 22 when he declared his past and future decisions were immune from judicial oversight . Morsy said the powers are necessary and temporary until a new constitution is adopted . But that promise has done little to quiet the opposition , which says Morsy 's actions are reminiscent of those taken by ousted President Hosni Mubarak . Anger at Morsy 's move led to protesters reoccupying Tahrir Square , the scene of the Arab Spring uprising that saw Mubarak ousted in 2011 . The anger only grew when the Islamist-dominated Constitutional Assembly pushed through a draft despite the objections of the secular opposition , including some members who walked out in protest . But Morsy and his political allies may have reason to be worried , given steps taken by the the military council that ruled Egypt after Mubarak 's ouster . The council has previously dissolved parliament 's lower house , which was populated with a number of Islamist lawmakers loyal to Morsy , because it said the elections were unconstitutional . When Morsy said he would call back the lower house , the high court upheld the dissolution . On Saturday , Morsy said a constitutional referendum will be held on December 15 . Following the announcement , tens of thousands of protesters -- for and against Morsy -- took to the streets . Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood and Morsy supporters spent Saturday night outside the court , which had indicated it would review the proposed constitution . Trucks brought food and blankets to crowds outside , said Sultan , the Health Ministry spokesman . Opinion : Why the Middle East is a mess Protesters had surrounded the building by Sunday morning . They blocked entrances , "  with some of them on top of the walls while chanting slogans that denounce the judiciary and inciting people against the judges , " the court said in its statement Sunday . It was unclear Sunday whether the high court judges would rule on the constitution . But beyond the court 's chambers , opinions over the document were split . About 1,000 judges from around the country agreed Sunday that they would not supervise a national referendum on the constitution , members of the Egyptian Judges Club said . The club 's unanimous decision means court officials who would normally sort out any irregularities in voting will abstain from the process in protest . But there were also signs of support for the measure . Following Morsy 's announcement of the referendum , there was at least one indication that his move signaled progress : The Egyptian stock exchange rose by nearly 5 billion pounds  $ 8.2 million  -- 2.5 % -- in 15 minutes following the news of a constitutional referendum . Essam El-Erian , a senior Morsy adviser , has insisted all viewpoints -- including the need to safeguard freedoms when it comes to things like gender and religion -- were taken into account in the drafting of the constitution . But critics are unconvinced . The constitution 's articles include language dealing with individuals ' civil rights , particularly how security forces and the justice system treat them . There is wording prohibiting arbitrary arrest and detention and ensuring due process , a sensitive topic in Egypt . Mubarak and his supporters are blamed for jailing and harshly mistreating innocent people in the years before and especially during last year 's uprising . While many of the articles sound democratic , the fine print indicates otherwise , some human rights advocates say . "  Moving a flawed and contradictory draft to a vote is not the right way to guarantee fundamental rights or to promote respect for the rule of law , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch . The preamble includes language pertaining to women , saying they are equal to men , but it also accentuates their role as mothers . The United Nations ' high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay , has urged Morsy to reconsider the draft , saying a number of measures contained in it are incompatible with international human rights law . Opponents of Morsy said they were organizing another round of protests Tuesday against the president and his decree . The scheduled demonstrations are dubbed "  the final warning . " Q & A : What 's driving Egypt 's unrest ? Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Judges nationwide say they wo n't supervise a referendum on the constitution Egypt 's high court calls Sunday a "  dismal , black day " in the history of the country 's judiciary Court cites "  psychological  and  physical pressures " on judges Protesters surround the court and block judges from entering the building
CNN  -- Italian champions Inter Milan had to come from two goals down to earn a point at Bari on Saturday night in a match featuring three penalties . The 2-2 draw put Inter nine points clear of city rivals AC Milan , who have played two fewer matches ahead of Sunday 's home clash with Siena . After a goalless first half , Bari took the lead on the hour when visiting defender Walter Samuel handled a shot by former Inter youth player Riccardo Meggiorini , allowing Barreto to score from the spot . The Brazilian , on loan from Udinese , repeated the feat three minutes later when Alessandro Parisi went down under a challenge from Lucio to give ninth-placed Bari hope of an upset victory . But Inter pulled a goal back in the 69th minute as new signing Goran Pandev scored his first for the Nerazzurri , and his 50th in Serie A , with a close-range effort . Argentina striker Diego Milito then earned Inter a point from the penalty spot five minutes later after former Lazio forward Pandev was tripped by Leonardo Bonucci . Meggiorini had a chance to score a late winner against his old club , but shot just wide . Cagliari moved up to sixth place , ahead of Fiorentina and Palermo on goal difference , after beating Livorno 3-0 at home . Joaquin Larrivey scored early in each half , while substitute Jeda netted in the 64th minute , as the Sardinians moved to within three points of third-placed Napoli , who host Palermo on Sunday while Fiorentina are at home to Bologna . In Germany , Bayer Leverkusen returned to the top of the Bundesliga table with a 4-2 victory at home to Mainz . Leverkusen moved two points clear of Bayern Munich , who had taken top spot for the first time since May 2008 with a 2-0 win at home to Hoffenheim on Friday night . Hamburg moved up to third with a 2-0 victory at home to Freiburg on Saturday , while Schalke can climb to second with victory at home to second-bottom Nuremberg on Sunday . Leverkusen remained unbeaten with 38 points from 18 matches despite going behind in the eighth minute to Tim Hoogland 's goal . The hosts hit back with Michal Kadlec , Tranquillo Barnetta and Toni Kroos scoring inside half an hour , while Eren Derdiyok sealed victory for Jupp Heynckes ' side with two minutes to go after Niko Bungert gave Mainz hope on 67 . Hamburg moved to within two points of Bayern , and above Schalke on goal difference , as Marcell Jansen and Mladen Petric scored in each half against Freiburg , who hover just above the relegation zone . Defending champions Wolfsburg crashed 3-1 at Stuttgart , who moved out of the bottom three and up to 12th place . Sixth-placed Werder Bremen lost 1-0 at Eintracht Frankfurt , while bottom club Hertha Berlin stunned Hannover 3-0 to claim their second win this season . Bochum eased their relegation worries with a 2-1 win at mid-table Borussia Moenchengladbach .	Serie A leaders Inter Milan come from two goals down to earn a 2-2 draw at Bari Italian champions now nine points clear of second-placed city rivals AC Milan Diego Milito 's 74th-minute equalizer was the third penalty of the match in Bari Bayer Leverkusen return to the top of German Bundesliga with 4-2 victory against Mainz
CNN  -- The size of a specific part of the brain may help experts pinpoint when autism could first develop , University of North Carolina researchers report . The amygdala helps individuals process faces and emotions . Using MRI brain scans , researchers found that the area of the brain called the amygdala was , on average , 13 percent larger in young children with autism , compared with control group of children without autism . In the study , published in the latest Archives of General Psychiatry , researchers scanned 50 toddlers with autism and 33 children without autism at age 2 and again at age 4 . The study adjusted for age , sex and IQ . "  We believe that children with autism have normal-sized brains at birth but at some point , in the latter part of the first year of life , it -LSB- the amygdala -RSB- begins to grow in kids with autism . And this study gives us insight inside the underlying brain mechanism so we can design more rational interventions , " said lead study author Dr. Joseph Piven . A normal-sized amygdala helps a person process faces and emotions , behavior commonly known as joint attention . "  When you see a face , you scan it , identify if it 's friend or foe and make a decision about whether to move forward or avoid it , " said Dr. Barry Kosofsky , chief of neurology at Cornell Medical Center , who was not affiliated with the study . UNC researchers conducted diagnostic assessments , in addition to the MRI scans , to monitor the children 's behavior . They found toddlers with a large amygdala also had joint attention problems . Watch Dr. Gupta explain the findings " "  We would basically try to get the child to look one way , we 'd turn and point to a clock and see whether or not the child would notice it , " explained Piven . "  The 2-year-olds without autism would see your face , see where you are looking and join you but the children with autism , with large amygdalas , would not . " Autism experts agree joint attention difficulty is a key characteristic of autism . It also is the only behavior linked to a large amygdala , according to the study . Researchers found no association between repetitive behavior or other social behaviors and a large amygdala . "  This is a core feature of autism , and it raises a very provocative possibility that if they -LSB- joint attention problems -RSB- are n't caused by changes in the amygdala , they are certainly associated with it , " said Kosofsky . Autism experts say such findings are critical in developing new ways to treat and diagnose autism earlier . "  Many studies have observed the brain grows too big in kids with autism , but this study finds that by age 2 , the amygdala is already bigger and stops growing , " said Kosofsky . "  So it tells us the critical difference has already developed . It now poses the question : Are children born with autism or does it develop in the first two years of life ? " Parents can not run out and ask their doctor to check the size of their child 's amygdala to determine their child 's autism risk , but researchers hope over time , it can be used as a clinical tool to diagnose the mysterious developmental condition , which affects as many as 1 in 150 children . "  Once we understand the neurological circuits , we may be able to detect if a child has problems in those circuits as early as 6 months of age , " said Piven . "  If we are able to combine those things , we can better predict and guide interventions . We need to let the pattern of early brain development guide us to predict who is at higher risk and who would benefit from early intervention . " UNC researchers are conducting a follow-up to their initial findings . They 're recruiting 500 infants who are also siblings of children with autism for national infant brain imaging study . "  By tracking the behaviors and brain volume growth from birth in high-risk babies , we can pinpoint when the brain first begins to grow larger than normal and provide therapy or medications to limit the growth or symptoms a lot earlier than we are doing now , " said Piven . Autism is the fastest-growing serious developmental disability in the United States . It 's newly diagnosed in 67 children every day . The average age for diagnosis 3 .	Study : The amygdala in toddlers with autism is 13 percent larger than unaffected kids Size of brain area linked to ability to process faces as friend or foe Autism is believed to affect as many as 1 in 150 children University of North Carolina researchers hope findings result in earlier intervention
Washington  CNN  The Secretary of Veterans Affairs announced Monday a massive restructuring of the department in the wake of a scandal that left more than a hundred thousand veterans waiting for health care . VA Secretary Robert McDonald , who took over the agency three months ago after his predecessor Eric Shinseki resigned , said at least 35 people will be initially fired -- and more than 1,000 could soon follow . "  We 're simplistically talking about people who violated our values , " McDonald said in an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that aired Sunday . "  It 's integrity , it 's advocacy , it 's respect , it 's excellence . These are the things that we try to do for our veterans . " But McDonald first needs to build up a case against each person listed on the pink slip list , since a judge needs to approve each firing . "  We 've got to make it stick , " he said in the interview . Beyond sacking officials that do n't meet the VA 's new standards , McDonald 's reforms are also expected to restructure health care services for veterans , consolidating management of the massive health care system and giving veterans a single point of contact to get care , the New York Times reported Saturday . McDonald 's reforms will also attack the core cause of the VA 's sometimes 90-day-plus wait times that left some veterans dying as they waited for a doctor 's appointments . Details of the delays were first reported by CNN in November . McDonald told "  60 Minutes " he hopes to hire about 28,000 medical professionals to join the agency 's hospitals and clinics around the country , including about 2,500 mental health professionals . And the new VA secretary is taking the initiative to reach that goal , visiting hospitals and medical schools to recruit young doctors to join the ranks of a health care network on the rise -- and pitching incentives like student loan forgiveness . McDonald 's Monday announcement comes one day before Veterans Day .	Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald took over the agency earlier this year The VA has been riddled with delays of care first exposed by CNN last November The restructuring announcement was outlined in an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama gave a special salute Monday to Americans who lost their lives fighting in the Korean War , noting the upcoming 60th anniversary of the conflict 's end , and asked Americans to remember the troops ' work in Afghanistan as that war winds down . "  Last Memorial Day , I stood here and spoke about how , for the first time in nine years , Americans were no longer fighting and dying in Iraq . Today , a transition is under way in Afghanistan , and our troops are coming home , " the president said after laying a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns . "  This time next year , we will mark the final Memorial Day of our war in Afghanistan . " He delivered Memorial Day remarks the week after addressing America 's controversial counterterrorism strategies and a rash of sexual assaults in the military that he said could threaten national security . Calling Virginia 's Arlington National Cemetery "  a monument to a common thread in the American character , " Obama asked the audience not to forget the "  men and women who are willing to give their lives and lay down their lives " for the freedoms the nation enjoys . A serviceman recently wrote the president to say he feared "  our work in Afghanistan is fading from memory , " Obama said . "  And he 's right . As we gather here today , at this very moment , more than 60,000 of our fellow Americans still serve far from home in Afghanistan . They 're still going out on patrol , still living in spartan forward operating bases , still risking their lives to carry out their mission . "  And when they give their lives , they are still being laid to rest in cemeteries in the quiet corners across our country , including here in Arlington . " Obama cited a handful of troops by name who were buried at Arlington after making the ultimate sacrifice in Afghanistan :  $ cents Capt. Sara Cullen , a West Point graduate and Black Hawk helicopter pilot , died after a crash during a training mission near Kandahar .  $ cents Staff Sgt. Frankie Phillips , a combat medic , was killed by a roadside bomb while on patrol . "  He was so humble that his parents never knew how many lives he had saved until soldiers started showing up at his funeral from thousands of miles away , " Obama said .  $ cents Staff Sgt. Eric Christian served five tours of duty because he felt responsible for his team and "  was determined to finish the mission . " He was killed escorting a U.S. official to meet with Afghan leaders . "  For those of us who bear the solemn responsibility of sending these men and women into harm 's way , we know the consequences all too well , " Obama said . "  I feel it every time I meet a wounded warrior , every time I visit Walter Reed and every time I grieve with a Gold Star family . " Chuck Hagel , a former Army sergeant who volunteered for the Vietnam War and is the first enlisted combat veteran to hold the post of defense secretary , told CNN 's Barbara Starr that he remembers soldiers who served alongside him , including a captain who was killed 14 days into his tour . Hagel was next to him when he died , he said . "  Anybody who has ever been in combat remembers the names , remembers the faces , remembers the fun , remembers the uniqueness of every person , " the defense secretary said . Obama arrived at the cemetery amid a 21-gun salute and was met by Hagel , cemetery Executive Director Kathryn Condon and Maj. Gen. Michael Linnington , commander of the Army 's military district of Washington . Linnington escorted the president to the tomb , where Obama laid the wreath and observed a moment of silence before speaking at the Memorial Amphitheater . Home and Away : Remembering those we have lost The president , who used last year 's occasion to pledge his support for Vietnam War veterans , spoke Saturday about the "  1 % of the American people  who  bear the burden of our defense . " "  They are heroes , each and every one , " he said . "  They gave America the most precious thing they had , the last full measure of devotion . And because they did , we are who we are today : a free and prosperous nation , the greatest in the world . " What to know about Memorial Day He continued , "  They risk their lives , and many give their lives , for something larger than themselves or any of us : the ideals of liberty and justice that make America a beacon of hope for the world . That 's been true throughout our history -- from our earliest days , when a tiny band of revolutionaries stood up to an empire , to our 9/11 generation , which continues to serve and sacrifice today . " Obama further urged Americans to "  do more than remember : " to care for the loved ones the fallen soldiers leave behind ; to ensure that veterans have adequate care , jobs and benefits ; and to support military missions at home and abroad . By the numbers : Memorial Day and veterans The speech comes at a time when the administration is dogged by controversy . While facing tough questions about the alleged IRS targeting of conservative groups and his administration 's response to the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , Obama also answered questions last week about the use of drones , the closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention center and sexual assault in the military . In a Thursday speech , he said drones are a necessary evil but one that must be used more judiciously as the American security situation evolves . About Gitmo , he said he would push Congress to allow him to shut down "  a facility that should never have been opened . " On Friday , responding to a Defense Department report that the number of cases of unwanted sexual contact had jumped 35 % between 2010 and 2012 , Obama said the attacks threaten the trust and discipline that is the military 's backbone . "  That 's why we have to be determined to stop these crimes . Because they have no place in the greatest military on Earth , " Obama said during remarks at the U.S. Naval Academy . Opinion : In Ohio , signs of soldiers ' sacrifice	NEW : Defense secretary says he "  remembers the uniqueness of each person " Obama says serviceman fears that "  our work in Afghanistan is fading from memory " Obama lays wreath at Tomb of Unknowns , delivers Memorial Day remarks His Memorial Day speech comes as he and military face controversies
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Alexandra township , north of Johannesburg , is a densely populated melting pot with some of South Africa 's worst social ills : poverty , unemployment , HIV/AIDS and crime . Andile Gaelesiwe was raped twice before she was 20 and is now trying to change the culture in South Africa . One of the most common crimes in Alexandra Township -- and throughout the country -- is rape . A recent survey by the Medical Research Council of South Africa , a statutory government funded body , found that one in four South African men has raped at least one woman in their lifetimes . And that nearly half have raped more than one woman . We talked with some Alexandra Township men who openly admitted they have raped and speaking to them it became clear that at the time they committed the crime they did not see it as wrong . They have grown up watching male members of their community treat women with contempt , they told us . Beating women , raping them and treating them like second class citizens -- that is what they have grown up believing was the right way to treat females . One of the men -- whom CNN agreed not to name -- told us that he and three friends gang-raped a girl they met a party . Watch the men describe their attacks " "  With me it was not a problem , " he said , "  but when I went to the bathroom having to find the third guy busy with her it was like I had a problem because she was crying , she was not happy . " His friend added : "  I would tell myself that there is nothing I want in life that I ca n't get , even a beautiful woman because when you try your luck with them , their response makes you feel like you are nothing . That 's why we decide to do things like this , having sex with them forcefully . " The men we talked to have all spent time in jail but have never been convicted of rape . Zwelithini Sono , a former defense lawyer who now helps rape victims , says he has never lost a rape case . "  Police inefficiency , criminal justice backlogs , ill prepared prosecutors who in some instances are really not sensitive about the cases and the kind of trauma that the victims are normally exposed to , and the time that it takes between arrest and the prosecution or even finalization of these cases is really too much for some of the victims to even be able to stay in the system and ensure that they finally get the justice , " said Sono . He says he reached his breaking point in 2005 after securing yet another acquittal for a rape suspect -- who then admitted to a friend that he committed the crime . Sono now provides legal assistance for rape victims and counsels young men about the seriousness of violence against women . He says apartheid is partly to blame for the way young men in South Africa have been socialized . It institutionalized violence , broke up homes and left boys without good role models to teach them right from wrong , he said . "  There has not been enough conversations with men to try to sensitize them on the violence of rape , how sensitive women are and the kind of love that we can actually share . " Andile Gaelesiwe is a rape victim who is also trying to change the culture by encouraging women to speak out . She was raped by her father at the age of 11 and again by a taxi driver in her late teens . She says the stigma and shame of rape is what forces most women including herself to keep it a secret . She said : "  It 's usually somebody that you know -- an uncle , a neighbor -- and therefore families would rather say , ` What are people going to say if we turn around and say Uncle-so-and-so did it ? Let 's rather we shut up about it . ' "  Other families , especially in the rural areas , will go as far as saying the accused 's family or the actual accused pays some kind of damage to this family as if to say that this girl who has been raped will now be healed because the two families have had an understanding . " She publicly revealed her experience in 2003 when a caller to the radio station where she worked threatened to kill herself after being raped . Attitudes may take years to transform but both Sono and Gaelesiwe are among South Africans trying to turn the tide of abuse . "  There can be a change of mind-set . If we put processes together , there will be a battle that we are going to win , and that is to provide our women and children with the best support , with love that they wish for each and every day , " Sono said . The South African government 's efforts to deal with the scourge have been criticized as uncoordinated and unsustainable . They include establishing courts sensitive to sexual violence . It is a battle government alone will not be able to win and hence the importance of involvement by people like Sono . The young rapists we met have attended Sono 's session and they tell us they do not see themselves violating women ever again . "  One thing that especially us black people need is studies about humanity , " one of them said , "  so that I can see my sister as my sister and let not that thought come into my mind . " They now believe that part of the answer lies in women being strong enough to face their accusers in court . But in South Africa this takes courage and is even harder when a victim does not have support from her family or community . According to the latest police statistics 36,190 women were raped between April and December 2007 -- more than 130 rapes a day . But these were the reported cases . Human rights activists believe the majority of rapes in South Africa go unreported .	Rape victim and defense lawyer battle attitudes towards women in South Africa Study found one in four South African men has raped at least once Men who spoke to CNN did not see their assaults as crimes Latest police figures : 36,190 women raped between April and December 2007
CNN  -- As protests sweep through Iran , a handful of Web sites -- Twitter , Facebook , and YouTube in particular -- are once again widely credited for their crucial role in the process . But before we swallow yet another dose of cyber-utopianism , a more critical look at how the Internet has abetted both sides is in order . The current protests very well may be a Twitter revolution , but only future historians would be able to say so conclusively . At the moment we simply do not know if Twitter and Facebook have helped boost the turnout at demonstrations . Iran-related discussions on the Internet have undeniably spiked , but it 's impossible to tell how such messages , many written by foreign observers , influence Iranians ' eagerness to risk their lives in the streets of Tehran or Isfahan . Moreover , virtually all recent protests in Iran have been tied to some important political , religious or historical occasion . For example , people turning out for two symbolic anniversaries on November 4 , the religious holiday of Ashura and the death of Great Ayatollah Montazeri , were not spontaneous outbursts organized and publicized by the Twitterati . Such protests would have been well-attended even if the Internet did not exist . This is not to deny that both Twitter and Facebook have played an important role in publicizing videos and photos of police brutality , most of them snapped and distributed with mobile phones . Extraordinary as they are , we should not overestimate the usefulness of such materials . The Iranian regime has proved remarkably immune to getting a bad rap in the international press , not to mention the United Nations . Given the formidable risks that Iran 's "  citizen journalists " go through to record such videos , we in the West should be more cautious in encouraging them to capture the zeitgeist of the barricades . Also , in the absence of independent review by professional reporters working on the ground -- and those who were banned from Iran a long time ago -- many videos have to carry a host of disclaimers . Fake clips , usually made to provoke and split the opposition , are becoming a staple of the Iranian Internet . One such video , which portrayed someone burning a poster of the country 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei before a crowd of cheering people , circulated on foreign and Iranian Web sites in early December . Luckily , closer examination by Iranian and foreign bloggers showed that it was probably a skillful montage . But can thousands of similar videos be fact-checked as thoroughly ? The proliferation of fake videos suggests that the Iranian government may , directly or indirectly , benefit from using digital space for propaganda . Even Twitter could become a potent tool of brainwashing : In early July , The Wall Street Journal reported that after two weeks of protests the number of pro-government messages on Twitter increased 200-fold compared with the period immediately after the election . Flooding Twitter with fake and pro-government updates is one way to make Twitter unusable for the Western audiences . How , after all , should we know what updates we can trust , if many of them are written by the government and its loyalists ? It turns the Internet into the "  Spinternet . " That propaganda is displacing censorship as a primary means of controlling the Internet is quite remarkable . In the past , the Iranian government would have simply blocked access to dissenting sites . But blocking Twitter is impractical : Not only would it be very expensive , but it would also disconnect the Iranian secret police from a valuable channel of gathering intelligence . Such intelligence reports come in very handy when protests fizzle out and repressions commence . The very first wave of post-election protests in the summer of 2009 left the Iranian authorities with a massive log of anti-government messages , all stored on Twitter and Facebook for posterity to process , analyze and act upon . What many cheerleaders of Iran 's Twitter revolution fail to understand is that the easy availability of such information allows the regime to explore how various anti-government activists are connected to each other and to their foreign supporters . All it takes is looking up their Facebook profiles . It 's hardly surprising , then , that many Iranian-Americans traveling to Iran after the summer protests complained they were asked if they had Facebook accounts . Passport control officials at Tehran 's Imam Khomeini International Airport even forced some of them log into them . But even those Iranians abroad who did not travel anywhere and stayed at home complained of being harassed about their online activism . One could only guess what fate awaits those who stayed in the country . Making our way through billions of Twitter and Facebook updates , we should not lose sight of one critical feature of the digital age : The wealth of information trails generated by digital activists has also provided authoritarian governments with better means to identify and squash emerging threats to their hegemony . Even if the Iranian protests eventually succeed , it will be thanks to a combination of political , social and religious factors . Putting all our chips on information technology alone can have catastrophic consequences for the future of democracy in that country . The opinions expressed in the commentary are solely those of Evgeny Morozov . For more , read his article in Design Mind magazine here .	Evgeny Morozov : Facebook , Twitter help publicize Iran 's brutality during a news blackout Morozov : But regimes like Iran 's are getting savvy about using the Internet for their own ends Authorities use fake bloggers , doctored videos to spread propaganda , he says Secret police collect Web messages to follow up on anti-government forces , activists
The QuikTrip that 's now in shambles , its iconic red awning a nest of twisted metal , was once a favorite stop for residents here . The kids loved the slushies . The adults loved the doughnuts . And residents in the area say that before "  the ruckus on West Florissant " -- in which looters and vandals parading as protesters mangled a primary corridor -- they could walk to QuikTrip at any hour with nary a concern for their safety . It speaks to a city that enjoys the simpler things : a frozen custard at an old train depot , an afternoon casting reels in Wabash Park , pork steak Wednesdays at Marley 's Bar & Grill or a night knocking back cold ones at the local brew house . The Ferguson that residents see on television , they do n't recognize that place . The tear gas canisters clanking through the streets , flash-bang grenades , military Humvees and cops in riot gear facing off with angry protesters , many of them out-of-town rabble-rousers here to cause trouble -- yeah , this is n't Ferguson , they say . Residents near the protest area have gotten the worst of it . Their stores ' windows have been replaced with plywood , spray-painted with messages like , "  Thank you for your love and support . " Protest blockades have trapped them in the neighborhoods at night , leaving them afraid to take walks or let their children play out of sight . For some , staying inside was no better , as the pungent tear gas used to choke and disperse troublemakers -- and incidentally , peaceful but precariously positioned protesters -- wafted down into their neighborhood . It seeped into their homes , stinging their eyes , skin and throat . They moved here because of the city 's solid schools , decent jobs , affordable housing and manageable crime rate . Now , they 're choking in their living rooms . Three weeks ago , before Michael Brown was shot and killed by police officer Darren Wilson , Ferguson was an immensely different place , they said . Seeing their city destroyed "  The people are generally nice , humble . They just want to take care of the homes they have and keep it moving , " said Charles Davis , a longtime black businessman in the area who opened his Ferguson Burger Bar on West Florissant the day before Brown was shot . Opening a burger shop across from a McDonald 's on one of Ferguson 's main drags may seem questionable , but like many people in the area , he said his fate is in someone else 's hands . "  I have a good friend . His name is God . I do n't worry about it , " said Davis , who has lived in Ferguson three years ; his mom has lived here for 20 . In the nights after Brown 's shooting -- when most businesses closed either intentionally or as a result of having their windows smashed and wares filched -- he stayed open until 10 or 11 p.m. , serving up his "  garbage " burgers , complete with bacon and a fried egg , and Muddy Water , a secret-recipe beverage resembling an Arnold Palmer  but do n't tell Davis that  . When tear gas canisters bounced into his parking lot , which he shares with a barbershop and beauty supply store , he opened his doors to protesters . Inside the bare-bones eatery with its pithy signs -- "  You say I dream too big , I say you think too small " -- refugees watched through hand-painted plate glass as the mayhem unfolded outside . Ferguson residents are n't used to being fearful . FBI statistics from 2012 show crime is a smidge higher than the national average , but it 's low for St. Louis , especially if you venture to the nearby suburbs of Kinloch , Berkeley , Jennings and the misleadingly named Country Club Hills . In many parts of the city , blacks live next to whites , whites live next to blacks , and everyone seems to get along . At least they did before the town was overrun with strangers and it became unclear who was supporting Michael Brown and who sought to stoke chaos . "  From what I understand and know , Ferguson is A-OK , " said Davis , who lives in a diverse neighborhood down the street from his burger joint . A rift with police Sure , there are exceptions : the nosy lady down the street always concerned with someone else 's business or the shopkeeper who seems to watch his black patrons too closely . And then there are the guys with badges . You 'll hear stories about them if you travel to some of the predominantly black neighborhoods : the nondescript block units of Nantucket Gardens or the oak-laden Park Ridge Apartments . And , of course , there 's the sprawling 400-unit Canfield Green development with its three-story , brick-and-siding dwellings recently refurbished with new wooden handrails and staircases . There , the police have a reputation for being tough , and while that 's good for keeping the drug dealers and gangbangers who plague St. Louis off Ferguson 's streets , many innocent black teens and young men are swept up in the effort to keep Ferguson safe , residents said . Older African-Americans seem less affected , but they have stories about nephews , sons or family friends being roughed up or dressed down in this city of 21,000 . Patricia Pendelton , a nurse who lives a few blocks from the cross-and-candle memorial that marks the spot where Brown took his last step , said she has never had issues with police , but she noted that she 's a 41-year-old woman . As youngsters , their elementary school closed because of the protests , rambled through her front yard and played basketball on a miniature hoop , she explained how her sons -- ages 17 , 19 and 21 -- have different experiences . They and other young black men have been stopped for reasons as spurious as looking suspicious , she said . "  How does a person look suspicious ? What do you have to be wearing to look suspicious ? " she asked before mimicking an offending police officer , " ` Where you going ? What you doing ? How you doing it ? ' It 's none of your business . " Outside his bustling barbershop on a muggy Missouri afternoon , Mike Knox , his ears tucked under a spiffy St. Louis Cardinals snapback , recalled how one of his sons , an A student , was arrested with several other kids in the parking lot of an auto parts store . They 'd met there because it was a central location to rendezvous before a game of basketball . When Knox picked his son up , police told him he had n't been charged , just taken away by police , said Knox , adding that he 's been pulled over for DWB , or "  driving while black , " a common complaint in Ferguson . At a protest in a parking lot across from the police station , Maurice Phipps , 22 , a Ferguson resident of eight years , relayed a similar story : A Ferguson officer once pulled him over and said he was looking for a suspect with dreadlocks . "  And I got a box cut , " he said , pointing to his dyed-blond ` do . It 's not just blacks complaining . Tom Steigerwald , 31 , a military brat who moved to Ferguson in 1994 , recalled being smacked in the head by a Ferguson cop after an argument over a noise complaint . "  They 've always been a ** holes , " he said . "  They all got a power trip problem , a lot of them . " It 's this kind of police behavior that creates rifts in the community , said Knox , a 33-year-old father of four . "  You 're supposed to be happy when you see police . That 's a protector . But no , not really , " he said . Many changing faces Ferguson used to be a hiccup of a town hosting a train depot between St. Louis and St. Charles . It popped up in 1894 on a few deeded acres . In its first census , it boasted 1,000 residents . A century will bring change to any city , but the times have frequently altered the face of Ferguson . It has been a commuter stop , a bedroom community for the automotive and airline industries and now , with 40 % of its population younger than 25 , a hub for students . Another change ? Twenty-five years ago , one in four residents was black . Today , the number is two of three . Yet despite that shift , two things have remained static : Ferguson 's police force and the Ferguson City Council are overwhelmingly white . The old depot is now an eatery and museum , next to a train trellis that sports banners promoting church fish fries and the local farmers market , one of the state 's most popular . On Saturdays , about 50 volunteers set up tents and tables , as area residents arrive to buy plump tomatoes and sweet corn from growers such as Earth Dance Farms down the street . Also nearby is Pearce Neikirk 's handsomely appointed real estate office with fiber art from local artists adorning the walls . Located between a bike shop and wine bar on a 10-block stretch of downtown known as CityWalk , the area features concert series , festivals and Food Truck Mondays . West of CityWalk you 'll find dozens of "  century homes , " architecturally distinct Colonial , Craftsman and Tudor Revival structures with sweeping roofs , gables and expansive porches . Residents mail-ordered them from Sears and Montgomery Ward during the early 1900s "  This is the kind of stuff that makes the community really strong . It makes it attractive , " Neikirk said . But be clear : While this part of Ferguson has a diverse mix of residents traversing its streets , its historic buildings and well-kept landscaping are a contrast from the strip malls and $ 500-a-month apartments along West Florissant . Aside from broken windows at a liquor store and brake shop and a few other acts of vandalism , this side of town has remained relatively unscathed during the protests , perhaps because of the downtown police station . Or maybe because it 's a mile from where Michael Brown lost his life . Whatever the reason , the residents along West Florissant yearn for a return to the normalcy that is still day-to-day life on the other side of town . They may get it . Thursday 's and Friday 's protests were some of the most peaceful yet . Some black residents , though , are skeptical it can stay that way , especially if Darren Wilson is n't indicted . "  If this police officer do n't get no kind of charge , " said the nurse , Pendelton , shaking her head at the potentiality , "  they think it 's chaos now ? "	Ferguson yearns for more "  normal " days Shooting and protests have changed the town Resident : "  From what I understand , Ferguson is A-OK "
CNN  -- Despite telling the court they were indigent , George Zimmerman and his wife discussed -- in code , according to prosecutors -- money raised online to help in his defense on second-degree murder charges , jailhouse phone calls released Monday show . Prosecutors had claimed the Zimmermans lied about their financial means before a Florida judge set his bond , which the suspect then posted to get out of jail . Zimmerman , accused in the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , is now back behind bars after the judge revoked his bail , citing the misrepresentations . Six calls made public Monday , out of about 151 total that Zimmerman made while incarcerated , appear to back up the prosecutor 's assertions . Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case At her husband 's April 20 bond hearing , Shellie Zimmerman testified she did n't know how much had been raised through the website her husband had set up before charges being filed . And when asked whether the couple had money available to assist in his defense , she replied , "  Um , not -- not that I 'm aware of . " In one jailhouse phone conversation , Zimmerman asks his wife , "  In my account , do I have at least $ 100 ? " She answers no , then tells him he has more like "  $ 8 , $ 8.60 . " "  So total everything , how much are we looking at ? " Zimmerman asks his wife . "  Like $ 155 , " she responds . Prosecutors claim the husband and wife were speaking in a type of code about their available funds , an assertion Zimmerman 's lawyer Mark O'Mara says the defense has "  never contested . " "  There 's no question that they were talking in this sort of simplistic kind of code , where they were talking about $ 155 when , without question , they were talking about $ 155,000 , " O'Mara told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Monday night . In another call , Zimmerman asks his wife to "  pay off all the bills , " including Sam 's Club and American Express bills , prosecutors said . The couple also discusses how much money can be accessed and what to do with it , including transferring funds that were raised online for his defense to accounts belonging to Zimmerman 's sister and wife , prosecutors state in a probable cause affidavit . Records released Monday show that tens of thousands of dollars were transferred out of a bank account . Prosecutors allege a total of $ 47,000 was transferred from George Zimmerman 's account to his sister 's account from April 16 and 17 , and that Shellie Zimmerman transferred more than $ 74,000 from her husband 's account to her account between April 16 and April 19 . After George Zimmerman was released on bond this spring , his wife transferred more than $ 85,500 from her account back to his account , according to the affidavit . Prosecutors allege the couple actually had about $ 135,000 of donations at their disposal when they both told the court , under oath , they were indigent . O'Mara , Zimmerman 's lawyer , later said his client ended up netting a total of $ 204,000 via PayPal accounts -- about $ 150,000 of which is now in an independently managed trust after $ 30,000 was used to pay for "  life in hiding " and $ 20,000 has been kept liquid . On June 1 , Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. agreed with the prosecution that the Zimmermans were dishonest about their financial status and , after revoking George Zimmerman 's bond , ordered that he return to jail . He remains behind bars and has a second bond hearing set for June 29 . On June 12 , Shellie Zimmerman was arrested on a perjury charge , accused of lying at her husband 's bond hearing about the couple 's finances . She was released later that day after meeting the conditions of a $ 1,000 bond , the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office said . The defense team on Monday filed a motion asking a judge to reconsider the release of a witness statement and to clarify a previous ruling on the release of additional jail phone calls . Both issues will be addressed during next week 's bond hearing . It all ties into the larger case against Zimmerman , who prosecutors say ignored a police dispatcher 's instruction and pursued Martin as he was walking in a Sanford , Florida , gated community last winter and shot the unarmed teenager . The 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer , meanwhile , has insisted he shot Martin in self-defense . Independent attorneys told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell the jailhouse recordings should be relevant in the case -- both as the judge weighs how high to set Zimmerman 's bail and , once the trial begins , potentially affecting jurors ' assessment as to whether his account of what happened February 26 can be trusted . While investigators talked to several neighbors and others , no one saw the shooting directly except for Zimmerman and the now-deceased Martin . "  His credibility is everything . Why would he risk it on something that is so trivial as this ? " Georgia-based lawyer Pilar Prinz said of the Zimmermans ' jailhouse discussions about their money . " I ca n't understand it . " O'Mara acknowledged the Zimmermans inflicted a "  great blow to their credibility , " making it clear the two had available funds and were not honest about it -- something that might prompt Judge Lester to order the defendant to stay in jail until the trial because he feels "  he can no longer trust him . " But the lawyer said , in the 30 hours of calls between the couple , there 's no indication the Zimmermans intended to deceive the judge , and also pointed out that his client came clean to him four days later . O'Mara also said the couple was stressed , fearful and distrustful at the time . "  I only hope that ... critics give it a more global perspective -- which is what  Zimmerman  was going through and what his family was going through as to why they may not have been completely honest about the money ... and sort of what they were facing , " he said . Lastly , O'Mara stressed that the questions about their finances are distinct from what happened the night of the shooting . "  It truly has so little to do with what counts in the case , which is what happened when Trayvon Martin passed away , " he said . More evidence to be released in Trayvon Martin case , judge rules Besides the conversations about finances , the newly released phone calls shed light on the relationship between George and Shellie Zimmerman . In one exchange , they talk optimistically about their future together . "  After this , ... you 're going to be able to just have a great life , " Shellie Zimmerman said . "  We will , " replies her husband . The two also talk about the support Zimmerman has received from the public , in the wake of the controversy that followed the Martin shooting . "  You 're special and  an  amazing role model to people , honey , " his wife said . "  Hmm , I wish , I wish I were , " Zimmerman said .	NEW : Zimmerman 's lawyer explains the "  code " and admits it credibility implications NEW : The lawyer adds the calls have "  so little to do with what counts in the case " Zimmerman and his wife both claimed they were indigent at a bond hearing in April Jailhouse phone calls released Monday show the two discussing their money
CNN  -- Nearly eight years later , Connie Chung still remembers being surprised . "  Stonewalling is what gets politicians in trouble , when they ... try to cover up , " Connie Chung says . It was one of those television moments that linger in the national consciousness , like Barbara Walters sitting down with Monica Lewinsky , Dan Rather with Saddam Hussein , or Jay Leno asking Hugh Grant what the hell he had been thinking . Chung was with ABC then , and she got the "  get " -- the first interview with Gary Condit , the California congressman at the center of the Chandra Levy media frenzy . The former Washington intern , you 'll recall , had been found murdered in Rock Creek Park , and law enforcement sources let it be known that the married Condit had been having an affair with her . In an interview airing Sunday on "  Reliable Sources "  10 a.m. ET , during CNN 's "  State of the Union with John King "  , Chung says she was surprised when Condit refused to acknowledge the romantic relationship . "  Stonewalling is what gets politicians in trouble , when they stonewall or they try to cover up , " she says . "  I think that the general public and the news media wanted him to be honest , and if he could be honest about that part of the story , then he could be -- then he would be believed when he was answering other questions as to whether or not he had anything to do with her disappearance . " I often focus on media excess and media mistakes on the program , but we also try to highlight good journalism . The segment includes two Washington Post reporters , Sari Horwitz and Scott Higham , who cracked the Levy mystery in a 13-part series last year . They did what the D.C. police could not : They identified Ingmar Guandique , an illegal Salvadoran immigrant , as Levy 's likely killer . Authorities issued an arrest warrant for the imprisoned suspect this week . But Horwitz and Higham talk about how they were roundly criticized for resurrecting the case and accused of sensationalizing it . It 's clear that Levy 's case became a huge deal in 2001 because of the Condit connection . At the same time , Chung says , "  The news media had changed . This was the gradual evolution of what the news media was doing . There was flavor of the week , the story du jour . " The Levy frenzy became the precursor for the missing-women TV melodramas that followed : Laci Peterson , Stacy Peterson , Natalee Holloway . The stories of women who were not celebrities , whom no one had heard of before , became national soap operas because they drove cable and morning show ratings . At least , in Levy 's case , the soap opera appears to be drawing to a close .	Congressman would n't admit affair with murdered former intern Honest answer might have helped Gary Condit , news anchor says Chung recalls scandal for "  Reliable Sources " Sunday on CNN
Japan is n't a country to which you just show up and wing it . For foreigners , the language barrier can be intense , the technology overwhelming and the prices terrifying for just about everything other than instant ramen . The key is preparation . We 've taken care a lot of that for you with the tips below , leaving you to puzzle out the fun stuff , like getting out of a karaoke bar with your dignity intact and figuring out how to ask them to hold the katsuobushi at breakfast . 1 . Rent a wireless router Getting a prepaid SIM card with local calling service is difficult in Japan . It 's better to rent a handy little wireless router , known as "  pocket Wi-Fi " in Asia . This will allow multiple gadgets -- smartphone , laptop , tablet , Kindle -- to connect at once with un-throttled , unlimited data . Local calls are then possible via cheap Internet phone services like Skype . You can rent and return one of these devices easily at the telecom company counters at most airports . Booking online before the trip brings the price down even lower . Global Advanced Communications , for example , offers a deal of  5,550  $ 53  for a seven-day rental plan if you book before the trip . They deliver the device to the airport/hotel/office for free the day before your arrival , and include a prepaid envelope for returns . 2 . Book a Japan Rail Pass before arrival Booking the flat-rate foreigner-only Japan Rail Pass , which can be used throughout the extensive JR train network on all four main islands , can save a lot of money for travel by train . There are two types of Japan Rail Pass . The Green Pass   38,880 or $ 374 for a seven-day pass  is for "  superior class " green cars on trains . The Ordinary Pass   29,110 or $ 280 for a seven-day pass  applies to economy class cars only . As green cars are less likely to be full , the Green Pass makes it easier for couples or groups to sit together  or sit at all  . Important : the pass must be booked outside of Japan before the trip . To procure one , visitors must do the following :  Buy an exchange order from JR sales offices and agents in a foreign country  see the list here  .  Make sure their passport is stamped with "  Temporary Visitor " when they enter Japan .  Bring exchange order and stamped passport to a JR Station with a Japan Rail Pass exchange office  list of stations here  . 3 . Buy a Pasmo card or a Suica card For multiple trips on short-distance trains  including the subway and metro area JR trains  , get a Pasmo card or a Suica card that can be charged in bulk . These transportation cards save time otherwise spent buying individual tickets for each journey  it can be difficult to figure out how to select your destination on ticket machines  . They 're especially handy when transferring trains , and are available for purchase at ticket vending machines in train stations , bus stations and subway stations . Preloaded options range from  1,000 to  10,000 , with a deposit of  500 included in the price . While some trains do n't accept Pasmo and some wo n't accept Suica , most will accept both and the two are pretty much interchangeable . They can also be used to make purchases at stores and vending machines . 4 . Download the Hyperdia app Cabs are extremely expensive in Japan -- the price is hiked up even higher at night from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. -- so it 's good to have a firm handle on the public transport system . This easy-to-use Japan train app is a godsend to foreign travelers and is free for the first 30 days . Upon entering train departure and arrival stations , the app displays  in English  the exact journey time , distance , fare and transfer stations , as well as which track your train is departing from . This includes long-distance shinkansen as well as subway trains . Woe to those who are late by even a minute -- the schedule is incredibly accurate . 5 . Take advantage of discount rates on domestic flights Thanks to a fierce price war for domestic flights , Japan 's major carriers offer discounts for foreign travelers for any air travel within Japan . ANA 's Star Alliance Japan Airpass allows international visitors to take up to five domestic flights for just  10,000  $ 96  each . Japan Airlines offers a Oneworld Yokoso/Visit Japan fare starting at  10,800  $ 103  . Tickets must be booked outside of Japan on the airlines ' global websites . 6 . If there 's a choice , fly into Haneda , not Narita Haneda Airport is a lot more convenient for most travelers to fly into than Narita International Airport owing to the distance from Tokyo for both . It is not always an option . Delta for example only flies in and out of Narita while Cathay Pacific serves both airports . A train ride from Haneda to Tokyo Station takes approximately 28 minutes and costs around  580  $ 6  , while the train ride from Narita to Tokyo Station takes approximately 58 minutes and usually costs at least  2,600  $ 25  . If you need to , there are easy train connections between the two airports , just factor in around an hour of travel time to be safe  see the route map here  . 7 . Book N'EX or Keisei from Narita If you 're flying into Narita , the N'EX  Narita Express  and Keisei Skyliner are competing services , both with their advantages . While ticket prices are usually higher than ordinary trains , N'EX is currently running a deal on one-way trips from Narita into the city for  1,500  $ 14  , half the usual price . The deal is for trips to Omiya station only , not Tokyo Station which is where N'EX terminates and starts from  Tokyo Station to Narita is  3,020  . The Keisei Skyliner connects Narita with the Ueno and Nippori stations -- depending on your final destination , this can be a better and more timely connection that Tokyo Station . Tickets are  2,470  $ 24  while there is a special e-ticket discount   2,200  for foreign visitors , full details are here including the available trains for discount . 8 . Download Google Translate app The extent of the language barrier may come as a surprise to first-timers to Japan . We asked translators and a publisher of English study materials in Japan , and they agree that the Google Translate app is one of the handiest ways for translating what you want to say on the spot . It has a camera input option and is available offline for Android 2.3 and above , and is free to download . Many of the translations are hardly perfect , but your hosts and others you meet will at least get the gist of what you 're trying to say . 9 . Print out your hotel address in Japanese This goes for travel to most foreign countries as well , but it 's a particularly useful tip in Japan . Just in case your phone battery runs out and you ca n't look up the address in a taxi , have a print-out to show the driver . 10 . Know where to get cash It can be surprisingly difficult to find an ATM that accepts foreign cards , even in Tokyo . The ATMs that do can be found in 7-Elevens , post offices and Citibank ATMs . Again , this sounds obvious , but you can save a lot of frustration by double checking before you arrive that your card is activated for withdrawals in a foreign country . 11 . Know where to find refuge When in doubt , head to a konbini -- a Japanese convenience store , including 7-Elevens . They sell everything from phone chargers to underwear to concert tickets . The hot food selection is also extensive -- varying from fried chicken to udon to yakisoba sandwiches .	Practical tips include pre-booking a wireless router and a JR Rail Pass Many of the foreigner-only discounts and services can only be reserved outside of Japan Download recommended apps for smoother travel
Dozens of armed men seized the regional government administration buildings in Ukraine 's southern Crimean region Thursday and raised the Russian flag in a challenge to the Eastern European country 's new leaders . Crimea , a Black Sea peninsula with an ethnic Russian majority , is the last big bastion of opposition to the new political leadership in the capital , Kiev , after President Viktor Yanukovych 's ouster Saturday . The seizure , coming a day after Russia ordered surprise military exercises on Ukraine 's doorstep , has raised fears about the push and pull of opposing allegiances in a country sandwiched between Russia and the European Union . There 's a broad divide between those who support developments in Kiev -- where parliament was voting on an interim West-leaning , national unity government Thursday -- and those who back Russia 's continued influence in Crimea and across Ukraine . Yanukovych issued a defiant statement to Russian news agencies condemning the interim government in Kiev and calling everything happening now in the Ukrainian parliament illegitimate , Russian state news agency RIA Novosti reported Thursday . According to RIA Novosti , anonymous government sources said Thursday that Yanukovych was in Russia and that Russian authorities have accepted his request for security . A warrant has been issued for his arrest in Ukraine . Yanukovych will give a news conference Friday in the southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don , Russian state media reported . If so , it would be the first time he 's been seen in public since fleeing Kiev . CNN has not independently confirmed Yanukovych 's whereabouts . Secession fears about Crimea Concerns are building that the tensions in the autonomous Crimean region might escalate into a bid for separation by its Russian majority . Pro-Russian members of the Crimean parliament dismissed the government of Crimean Premier Anatolii Mohyliov in a vote of no confidence Thursday , his spokesman Andrey Demartino told CNN . He said Mohyliov would respect the parliament 's decision , despite many procedural irregularities . The lawmakers also voted for a referendum on May 25 on greater autonomy for the region within Ukrainian territory , he said . Only pro-Russian lawmakers were present in the parliament building , still occupied by apparently pro-Russian gunmen . Demartino quoted Mohyliov as saying the responsibility for Crimea 's future stability rests with parliament . Crimea was handed to Ukraine by the Soviet Union in 1954 . Just over half its population is ethnic Russian , while about a quarter are Ukrainians and a little more than 10 % are Crimean Tatars , a group oppressed under former Soviet leader Josef Stalin . Many are struggling to come to grips with the rapid political upheaval , and scuffles have broken out between rival groups -- one pro-Russian and the other supporting the new authorities in Kiev -- in the Crimean capital of Simferopol . New Ukraine Prime Minister 's appointment Back in Kiev , lawmakers approved opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk of the Batkivshchyna , or Fatherland , party as Prime Minister . Yatsenyuk , who has been both economic and foreign minister in past governments , told reporters that Yanukovych "  is no longer the President , he is the person under investigation and accused of crimes against humanity , " state news agency Ukrinform reported . The new Prime Minister told parliament that he can not promise to turn things around quickly and that there is likely to be pain in the short term as the cash-strapped country seeks to get back on track . He also made clear that he believes the country 's future rests in closer ties to Europe , not Russia . "  The key task for the Ukrainian government is European integration , " he said . "  It means a visa-free regime for the Ukrainian citizens , and it means an agreement with the European Union on political and economic integration ; agreement on a fully fledged free trade zone . The future of Ukraine is in Europe , and Ukraine will become a member of the European Union . " Yanukovych 's decision to scrap a European Union trade deal in favor of one with Russia prompted the protests , which began in November . Those protests devolved last week into bloody street clashes between demonstrators and security forces that left more than 80 people dead . International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said Thursday her organization was ready to respond to a request for assistance from Ukrainian authorities and would send a fact-finding team to Ukraine to assess the situation and discuss potential reforms . "  We are also discussing with all our international partners -- bilateral and multilateral -- how best to help Ukraine at this critical moment in its history , " she said . Ukrainian authorities anticipate the country will need about $ 35 billion in foreign assistance by the end of 2015 . U.S. concerns about Russian military exercises As Ukraine 's interim leaders work to restore stability , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , speaking at a meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels , Belgium , urged all parties to avoid "  provocative actions " in Ukraine . And he warned that the United States was keeping a sharp eye on Russia in light of its recent moves . "  I 'm closely watching Russia 's military exercises along the Ukrainian border , " he said . "  I expect Russia to be transparent about these activities , and I urge them not to take any steps that could be misinterpreted or lead to miscalculations . " This , he said , "  is a time for very calm , wise leadership on the Russian side , on everyone 's side here . " U.S. officials earlier told CNN that the Russian military exercises were making U.S. military and intelligence agencies concerned that Russia may be positioning ground forces to be able to move across the border into Ukraine if Moscow issued such orders . Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu has said the exercises are being conducted to check "  combat readiness . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said his Russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , offered reassurances Thursday that military exercises were previously scheduled and not related to Ukraine . "  We believe that everybody now needs to step back and avoid any kind of provocations , and we want to see in the next days ahead obviously that the choices Russia makes conform to this affirmation that we received today , " he said after a phone conversation with Lavrov . "  We are also making the same point about reducing tensions in the Crimea to the Ukrainians . It is very important that the process continue in a thoughtful and respectful way . " Opinion : Will Ukraine 's Crimean region be Europe 's next ` frozen ' conflict ? No negotiations In Simferopol , it was not immediately known who was occupying the government buildings . Mohyliov , the Crimean Prime Minister , told CNN earlier Thursday that the gunmen had refused to speak with him , telling him he had no authority . The men , who stormed the building early Thursday , had made no demands , and it was not clear what they wanted , he said . He added that government security forces , which were outside the buildings , would not use force or weapons to take over the buildings . "  All police in Ukraine have been ordered to be prepared , " acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov wrote on his Facebook page . "  Orders have been issued to create a cordon around the Parliament in Crimea and to avoid shooting and violence . " A witness , who gave his name only as Maxim , said he saw the armed men run into the building and kick out police . "  Nobody knows what is going on inside at the moment . We only saw the building being taken over , " he said . He said the men took bags containing antitank weapons , sniper rifles , assault rifles and handguns from buses into the building . Anders Fogh Rasmussen , NATO 's secretary general , described the seizure of the regional government administration building and parliament as "  dangerous and irresponsible . " 5 things you need to know about Ukraine 's Crimean region	Kerry says Russia reaffirms that the military exercises are not related to Ukraine U.S. defense chief says he 's watching Russia closely , warns against provocation Pro-Russian members of Crimea 's parliament dismiss region 's Prime Minister Ousted Ukraine leader set to give news conference Friday in Russia , state media report
CNN  -- It 's not often that a Nobel Peace Prize laureate gets fired , but the Bangladeshi government said Wednesday it did just that in dismissing Muhammad Yunus from a top post in the pioneering bank he founded . Grameen Bank 's general manager , however , disputed the government 's claim . K.M. Abdul Waddod , the general manager of the Bangladesh Central Bank 's regulation and policy department , said his bank , the regulatory authority in the South Asian nation , had sent for a second time a letter to the Grameen Bank chairman , urging the ouster of Yunus from his post of managing director because he was past retirement age . The government , which has a 25 % stake in Grameen , said that by the bank 's own rules , Yunus , now 70 , was required to end his service when he turned 60 . "  He did not inform us he is over that age , " Waddod said . "  The bank did let him go . " Muzammel Huq , the new government-appointed Grameen chairman , told CNN that he had received the letter of the central bank . "  The central bank has removed Professor Yunus as managing director of the bank and I 'll act accordingly under the bank 's law , " Huq said . He said the deputy managing director of the bank will take over until Yunus ' post can be filled . But a Grameen Bank statement said Yunus had not been fired . "  This is a legal issue , " said the statement signed by Jannat-E-Quanine , Grameen 's general manager . "  Grameen Bank has been duly complying with all applicable laws . It has also complied with the law in respect of appointment of the managing director . According to the bank 's legal advisers , the founder of Grameen Bank , Nobel laureate Professor Muhammad Yunus , is accordingly continuing in his office . " Yunus pioneered microcredit financing and founded Grameen Bank nearly three decades ago in an effort to alleviate poverty by lending to the poor , who could not otherwise qualify for bank loans . Throughout this battle with the government , he has refused to resign from the bank that won him a Nobel prize in 2006 . Yunus ' supporters say the effort to remove him has little to do with age and much to do with the larger issue of microcredit and its primary vehicle in Bangladesh -- Grameen Bank . A recent television documentary alleged that Yunus illegally diverted Grameen money . Grameen denied the charges and investigators in Norway , a key bank donor , found no evidence of wrongdoing . But critics of microcredit have charged that lenders were making big money off of small loans . Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina minced no words when she compared Grameen 's operations to "  sucking the blood from the poor in the name of alleviating poverty . " Yunus ' supporters also say that he is under fire for criticizing politicians and trying to form his own political party four years ago during an interim , unelected military-backed government . That party was later abandoned . The government , however , denies that the Grameen actions are politically motivated . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Moni Basu and journalist Farid Ahmed contributed to this report .	The government says Muhammad Yunus was removed as general manager But Grameen Bank says he was not fired Yunus pioneered microcredit and won a Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 His supporters say the government is out to get him
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- A jailed Italian mobster claims he can prove American student Amanda Knox , her former boyfriend and a drifter are innocent of murdering Knox 's British roommate because he knows who the real killer is -- his brother . Luciano Aviello , 41 , made the statement during a videotaped interview with Knox 's lawyers . He said he had tried to write the Italian court several times to say that Knox and the others were innocent , but no one ever contacted him , defense and prosecution officials said . A source close to the case tells CNN that Aviello , who has been in and out of prison since age 17 , was out of prison , living down the street from Knox and Meredith Kercher and under a "  protection program " at the time of the murder . Aviello is serving 17 years in an Italian prison because of his association with the Camorra crime family . According to Italian media reports and Britain 's Daily Mail , he has testified against the mob at several trials , always from behind a screen to shield his identity . Kercher , 21 , was found semi-naked with her throat slashed in the house she shared with Knox in November 2007 . Knox and her former Italian boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , 25 , were found guilty in December 2009 of Kercher 's murder and are serving sentences of 26 and 25 years , respectively . A third person , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast , plead guilty to the murder and is serving a 16-year prison sentence . In March , Aviello contacted Knox 's attorneys , who visited him in prison to learn more about his story . Aviello told Knox 's lawyers during the videotaped interviews that his brother , who was staying with him at the time of Kercher 's murder , came home one night and said he had killed a girl during a botched robbery . British and Italian media have reported the brother 's whereabouts are unknown and neither the lawyers for Knox nor the prosecution would comment further . "  When he came to my house he had a bloodstained jacket on and was carrying a flick knife . He said he had broken into a house and killed a girl and then he had run away , " Aviello said in his statement . Originally from Naples , Aviello says he was living in Perugia at the time of the attack . "  I know -LSB- he was involved -RSB- because my brother confessed to me that he had killed Meredith and he asked me to hide a blood-stained knife and set of keys , " he said , according to an attachment to Knox 's appeal documents . Aviello told the lawyers that his brother said he and an Albanian man broke into the house and found "  the poor English girl , " Kercher and the drifter , Rudy Guede . Aviello said when Kercher saw them she "  started screaming like mad " The brother "  stabbed her in the throat then he tried to stifle her screams , " Aviello said . "  Meredith defended herself like mad , scratching and hitting out at him . " Aviello said he can prove Knox 's innocence and his brother 's involvement because of evidence he buried at his home . "  I had everything under a little wall behind my house , " he said . "  I am happy to stand up in court and confirm all this and wrote to the court several times to tell them but was never questioned . " Italian prosecutor Giuliano Mignini , who led the case against Knox and Sollecito , told British and Italian media that Aviello 's claims were irrelevant since the court already deemed him not credible and did n't interview him . Allevio sent the court three letters during the course of the trial , one of which was obtained by CNN . In the letter , which was sent to the court in 2009 , Aviello said he was writing because he wanted to clarify "  what the media has distorted " about Knox , Sollecito and Guede 's involvement in the crime . Allevio also said that he met Sollecito while he was in prison and even expressed his "  bewilderment " at how out of hand the trial had gotten . Allevio said in the letter that he knows "  the name of the real assassin " because Kercher 's death was committed by "  persons that are dear to me . " He did not identify his brother or anyone else in the 2009 letter , but he has now told Knox 's lawyers his brother was the killer . Mignini told CNN on Thursday he could n't comment much on Aviello 's assertions because "  we need to verify his claims , in general , all of what he is saying . " Mignini said he has not yet interviewed Aviello , but will begin looking into his background as part of an investigation . That investigation will include checking out the burial of the key . Knox 's lawyer , Carlo Dalla Vedova , said he hopes a judge will allow Aviello to testify at Knox 's appeal hearing , which is likely to take place in the fall . See the evidence presented in the Knox case "  The court should have vetted the reliability of the person and the worthiness of his claims , " Dalla Vedova said . "  We have posed again the same request to the appeals court . In filing an appeal , Dalla Vedova pointed to Aviello 's letters to the courts , saying they show Knox was not able to present all the witnesses , and that may have influenced the verdict . Mignini disputed the claim . We "  ca n't simply investigate in the course of a trial every claim that comes up , " Mignini told CNN . David Marriott , a spokesman for the Knox family , said that while they do n't yet know whether Aviello 's claim is valid , he feels it is only right that Knox get to air all the evidence in court . Even if the story is n't true , Knox and her lawyers should at least get the chance to investigate it and have his claims heard , Marriott said . "  The fact that the court did n't even decide to question him or at least look further into the claims is a part of what Amanda 's appeal is all about , " he said . "  We do n't know the truth , but the court has the responsibility to check it out . " Marriott also said he thinks it 's possible Aviello 's statements were n't checked out because Italian police and prosecutors believed they already solved the case . "  There 's no motivation I would guess for the police to actually pursue it , " he said , when asked if the keys , clothing or knife Aviello claims were buried were ever dug up . "  In their minds not only is it over , but why would they investigate something that might show their initial investigation was faulty . "	Jailed mobster Luciano Aviello claims his brother told him he killed Meredith Kercher in botched robbery Aviello says he buried brother 's bloody knife , clothes and keys to Kercher 's apartment Amanda Knox 's lawyers want Aviello 's story investigated for her appeal Knox , her former boyfriend were convicted of murdering Kercher in December 2009
The widow of suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev is "  doing everything she can to assist with the investigation , " of the Boston Marathon bombing , attorney Amato DeLuca said in a statement Tuesday . Katherine Russell last saw her husband Thursday , just hours before he died in a gun battle with police , according to a source close to the family . She was handing off her 2-year-old daughter to stay with him while she went to work , the source said . The FBI wants to interview Russell about her husband , but for now , agents only have been able to talk to her lawyer . "  She knew nothing about it at any time , " DeLuca told CNN 's Chris Lawrence , referring to the bomb plot . Russell , 24 , learned through news reports that the father of her daughter was suspected in the attack , DeLuca said . "  That 's my understanding . " Hearing that news devastated her , he added , saying Monday that she 's "  very distraught " and "  cries a lot . " "  The reports of involvement by her husband and brother-in-law came as an absolute shock to them all , " DeLuca 's Tuesday statement said . "  As a mother , a sister , a daughter , a wife , Katie deeply mourns the pain and loss to innocent victims -- students , law enforcement , families and our community . In the aftermath of this tragedy , she , her daughter and her family are trying to come to terms with these events . " Timeline : A look at Tamerlan 's past "  The whole family is a mess , to put it bluntly , " he said Monday . "  They 're very distraught . They 're upset . Their lives have been unalterably changed . They 're upset because of what happened , the people that were injured , that were killed . It 's an awful , terrible thing . " Tsarnaev 's domestic violence arrest Tsarnaev and Russell met when she was a student at Suffolk University in Boston , although it is unclear when they began dating . The couple married on June 21 , 2010 , according to marriage records at the Cambridge City Hall . Eleven months earlier , Tsarnaev was arrested , accused of domestic assault and battery against his girlfriend at his home in Cambridge , police records said . The police report was redacted to hide the girlfriend 's name , and a police spokesman would not confirm it was Russell . The woman , who was "  crying hysterically , " called 911 to report that she was "  beat up by her boyfriend " on the afternoon of July 28 , 2009 , Cambridge Police Officer Angela Pereira wrote in the arrest report . Tsarnaev told Pereira and another officer that his girlfriend "  was yelling at him because of another girl . " Suspect says brother was brains behind attack "  I asked the suspect if he had hit the victim , and he stated ` Yes , I slapped her , ' " Pereira wrote . The girlfriend told police Tsarnaev hit the left side of her face . "  No visible marks were seen , " Pereira said . NPR 's Laura Sullivan reported Friday on an interview with unnamed women she described as Russell 's close friends and college roommates . "  They described Tamerlan as very controlling and very manipulative of their friend , " Sullivan said . "  They say he was combative and angry . He would often call  Russell  names and insult her . He would call her a slut and a prostitute , and they remember fights that they would get into where he would fly into rages and sometimes throw furniture or throw things . " Russell dropped out of school after she became pregnant in her senior year , the women told Sullivan . "  They say that she really pulled away from her friends , that she cut off contact with them , and she also cut off contact with her family members which her friends had been in contact with , " she reported . Did one brother brainwash the other ? Wife is staying with parents Russell was born and raised in suburban Providence , Rhode Island , a Christian who converted to Islam after marrying Tsarnaev . She 's an observant Muslim and wears a headscarf , her lawyer said . Katie -- that 's what family and friends call her -- is staying now with her parents in North Kingstown , Rhode Island , but before last week she was living in Cambridge and working as a home health aide , he said . "  She worked many , many hours . " Her husband took care of their daughter each day while she was at work , her lawyer said . "  She would go off in the morning , she would work 'til late at night , " he said . "  She called to see how her daughter was and that kind of stuff , like any person would . " A killer in the family Widow is not talking yet The Russell family hired DeLuca on Saturday , after federal agents contacted them asking to interview her , he said . For now , he is the one speaking to the FBI . "  She understands the need for doing it , " he said . "  This is the way the government looks at it , and she understands this . It 's a threat to national security , and she gets that . And she 's a really good person , very sympathetic to that . Katie 's just trying to bring up her daughter . " What we know about the suspects In the statement released Tuesday , DeLuca said Russell is very close to her family . "  She is fortunate to have the support of her loving family now , as they , too , struggle to come to terms with these events and the deep sorrow we all feel following the events of last week , " he said . "  The injuries and loss of life -- to people who came to celebrate a race and a holiday -- has caused profound distress and sorrow to Katie and her family . " The family released its own statement Friday , after learning Tsarnaev had died . "  Our daughter has lost her husband today , the father of her child , " the family said . "  We can not begin to comprehend how this horrible tragedy occurred . In the aftermath of the Patriots ' Day horror , we know that we never really knew Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Our hearts are sickened by the knowledge of the horror he has inflicted . Please respect our family 's privacy in this difficult time . " FBI agents interviewed Tamerlan in 2011	Katherine Russell "  is doing everything " to help investigators , lawyer says Russell saw her husband hours before he died , a source says Tamerlan Tsarnaev was arrested for domestic violence a year before marriage "  She knew nothing about " her husband being a suspect , Russell 's lawyer says
CNN  -- If you 're like most people , me included , you may have trouble running an Olympics hurdle race without pulling a muscle . Google is here to help . The Internet giant on Tuesday embellished its search page with an animated , interactive doodle that lets users run the hurdles by tapping on their keyboards . Tapping the arrow keys makes the hurdler run , while hitting the space bar helps him leap over the 10 hurdles in his path . Each effort is timed , and runners can earn up to three virtual stars -- think of them as gold , silver or bronze medals .  Note from , ahem , personal experience : If you fail to clear a single hurdle , you win nothing and your runner hangs his head dejectedly at the finish line . Bored office drones , say goodbye to your workplace productivity . Google 's online hurdle race coincides , of course , with track and field events this week at the London Olympics . The brief animation is the latest in an occasional series of interactive Google doodles commemorating special events . Past doodles have let users observe a lunar eclipse , play notes on a virtual synthesizer to observe the 78th birthday of Robert Moog and elude ghosts in a playable online version of Pac-Man , the classic arcade game . Google users were posting their best hurdle times on Twitter and elsewhere Tuesday and challenging others to beat them . Anything under 15 seconds is pretty speedy . No word on whether U.S. Olympians Dawn Harper or Lolo Jones had given it a try .	Google added an interactive hurdle race to its search page Tuesday The animated doodle lets users leap over hurdles by tapping their keyboards Users were posting their best times on Twitter and challenging others to beat them
Bastrop , Texas  CNN  -- The wildfire raging near Austin , Texas , has destroyed nearly 1,400 homes and has "  potential for growth , " a fire official said Thursday . The 34,000-acre Bastrop County fire remained 30 % contained late Thursday afternoon , said County Emergency Management Coordinator Mike Fisher . "  There 's still some potential for growth in size , " he said . The fire has killed two people . A search team is helping local officials scour the area for other potential victims . A line crew working to restore electricity in the area became trapped and wound up being rescued from advancing flames by helicopter , Fisher said . Victoria Koenig , spokeswoman for the Texas Forest Service , said the fire has destroyed 1,368 homes -- more than double the estimate officials gave Wednesday . About 240 other homes have been lost in other fires since Sunday , the service said . Authorities said Thursday they were allowing some of the 5,000 people who had evacuated to return to their homes . For most of the past year , scores of wildfires have been burning across the drought-stricken state . In the past week , the Texas Forest Service said it has responded to 176 fires over 126,844 acres . On Wednesday alone , the service responded to 20 new fires covering 1,422 acres . Officials were expected to enlist the help of a DC-10 tanker to fight the flames , but it can not be used until Friday , when the decision will be made about when and where to use the resource , Bastrop County Judge Ronnie McDonald said . "  The crews that come in overnight are going to tell us those places that they still think they 're going to need to treat with that , " he said . The tanker , called in by the Texas Forest Service , can drop more than 11,000 gallons of retardant at a time across a swath three quarters of a mile long and 500 feet wide . Airtankers , scoopers and helicopters have assisted in efforts to battle the Bastrop fire , the forest service said . "  Most of the forward progress of the fire has stopped , but significant intense burning continues in the interior , " the service said Thursday . The weather may bring "  a sliver of hope in the next five to six days , " said HLN meteorologist Bob Van Dillen . "  Tropical Storm Nate over the Bay of Campeche may spread some rain to south-central Texas next week , but those chances seem slim at this point . " While the cause of the Bastrop fire remains unknown , officials in Leander , about 60 miles northwest of Bastrop , said they believe four teens were responsible for setting a smaller fire there that destroyed 11 homes this week , causing $ 1.4 million in damage . In Camp Bullis , north of San Antonio , a wildfire that broke out Wednesday afternoon had burned 290 acres by Thursday afternoon , said Bexar County Fire Marshall spokeswoman Laura Jesse . "  We 're thinking now , with the water drops , it 's more than 50 % contained , " she said , referring to the drops made by four helicopters . Another fire , 15 to 20 acres in area , destroyed four homes , three storage sheds and 15 cars , but was some 95 % contained , she said . Jerry Hooten found little more than ashes when he returned to his home in Bastrop County . "  We ai n't happy about it , but we 're all alive , " said Hooten , who is staying at an RV park outside the danger zone . "  I do n't think it 's registered in our brains that our house is gone and that , really , half of Bastrop is gone , " said evacuee Claire Johnson . CNN 's Scott Thompson , Nicole Saidi and Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire north of San Antonio "  more than 50 % contained " In the past week , Texas Forest Service responds to 176 fires Forest Service : Most of "  forward progress " of Bastrop fire has been stopped Nearly 1,400 homes have been destroyed in the Bastrop fire , officials say
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In the best of times , the Champs de Mars square in downtown Port-au-Prince was an awe-inspiring sight for Haitians . The broad boulevard was home to the majestic presidential palace , the seat of the country 's power and prestige . Not anymore . The century-old gleaming white palace is in ruins . And in the shadow of its wrought-iron gates , the immaculately maintained plaza has been overtaken by row upon haphazard row of makeshift shacks as far as the eye dwells . These are the new homes of the capital 's displaced residents : rickety quarters comprised of bed sheets , propped up on sticks and held together with ropes . Nearly 500,000 Haitians have moved here , rendered homeless by a 7.0-magnitude earthquake that devastated the impoverished island-nation a week ago . Throughout the capital , and in other affected areas of the country , similar tent cites have risen -- cramped , squalid encampments filled with the few belongings that residents have salvaged . As rescue and recovery efforts continue , these mini-cities pose Haiti 's next challenge . "  This is the biggest one , " National Police Chief Mario Andresol said on Monday . "  We have new area to protect and new people to protect . It 's another kind of security we have to ensure . This is the toughest one . " Full coverage | Twitter updates It will be an overwhelming task . The Port-au-Prince police force of 4,000 has plunged to about 1,500 -- the rest of the officers dead , wounded or missing , Andresol said . Complicating matters , about 4,000 convicted criminals are on the loose . The capital 's 95-year-old , badly overcrowded National Penitentiary collapsed after the quake , and the inmates escaped . "  We have an emergency now , " Andresol said . "  Because , probably next week , we will have more confusion on the street . The bad guys will be organizing themselves , and they can be the most principal threat to the police and the population . " Police presence at these new neighborhoods is sporadic . With electricity lines down throughout the city , residents bunch up their meager belongings into pillows and sleep on them after dark . iReport : Looking for loved ones "  You put something down , and they steal it , " said one resident , who identified himself as Ruben . "  You know , there 's no jail in the country . All the prisoners go out . You do n't know the good people or bad people . That 's why you have to be careful . " In some camps , residents have far worse fears . "  By night , with not enough electricity , some people try to rape and steal and kill people also , " Andresol said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday that he would ask for an additional 2,000 U.N. troops and 1,500 U.N. police officers to bolster the 3,000 U.N. police and soldiers currently deployed in Port-au-Prince . Haiti police ill-equipped to handle crisis But security is just one of the many immediate needs that tent-dwellers are praying for . They await food and medical help . In one tent , an 8-year-old boy suffers a seizure as family members look on helplessly . In another , a little girl cries in pain , her leg wound oozing . iReport : I 'm alive -- message from Haiti "  The people of Haiti need help . Quickly ! Quickly . We need help ! " a woman screams , tears streaking her face . In another part of the square , an old man sits quietly , thumbing a Bible . "  My situation  is  very bad , very bad , " he says . "  God only know that . God can help me . God can do everything for me . " For many residents , there is little else to do but pray -- and wait . The men mill about aimlessly , wondering when help will arrive . Teenagers rush off when they hear that water and food are available somewhere . Most of the time , they return empty-handed . Gallery : Devastation in Haiti With little else to play with , children kick up dirt and squeal in delight . Their mothers squat by portable stoves , fanning the fire with pieces of cardboard . All around , trash piles up . The stench is unbearable , worsening by the hour under the hot sun . When night falls , the residents gather by flickering candlelight and sing spirituals to keep their spirits up . Occasionally , gunshots ring in the distance . Eventually , they drift off to sleep on tattered mattresses and cardboard boxes . Tomorrow , they hope , will bring a better day . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien , Rafael Romo , Jason Carroll in Port-au-Prince and Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Their homes destroyed , many Haitians living in ramshackle tent cities People living there fear rape , robbery and other criminal activity National Police Chief Mario Andresol says tent cities pose his biggest challenge In addition to security concerns , people in tent cities want for food and medicine
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea 's prime minister announced his resignation Sunday morning , taking responsibility for the slow initial response to a ferry 's sinking that has left nearly 200 dead with scores more still missing . Prime Minister Chung Hong-won outlined his decision , and apologized to victims ' families , in remarks on national television . "  During the search process , the government took inadequate measures and disappointed the public , " Chung said . "  I should take responsibility for everything as the prime minister , but the government can assume no more . So I will resign as prime minister . " With his announcement , Chung urged his countrymen to stand united , rather than divided . "  Please come together as one for the recovery efforts , " he said . Chung becomes the highest-profile public figure yet to fall following the April 16 disaster and subsequent response , which elicited considerable sorrow and anger from the South Korean public . Eleven days later , searchers are still looking for passengers and crew aboard the Sewol ferry . They have retrieved 187 bodies so far , with another 115 still missing . The search Saturday was suspended due to bad weather that made diving through the murky waters especially dangerous . A day earlier , divers found the bodies of 48 girls -- wearing their life jackets -- pressed into a room too small for so many people . Divers believe that they will face the same scene again . There may be a second , similar room , where 50 more girls are believed to have been trapped when the ferry rolled over . South Korean coast guard diver Kim Dong-soo said he had tears in his eyes when he heard about the accident . "  Even now , I 'm searching as if I 'm looking for my own children -- and other coast guards feel the same way , " he told CNN . "  I have two medical patches on me , have difficulty breathing and my head hurts . But it hurts the most in my heart , knowing those children are still in the cold water . " Those still diving face a search that is getting harder and slower . Now they will head down deep for cabins near the seabed . In the cramped spaces , divers have been battling a forest of floating objects and doors forced shut by tremendous water pressure . Currents tug at the breathing tubes that keep them alive as they look for the dead . There may be fewer bodies to retrieve , but divers have already searched the easily accessible places , said South Korean navy Capt. Kim Jin-hwang , commander of the rescue operation . "  But the navy will not stop until the last body is found , " he said . Fisherman : Disaster haunts his sleep Fisherman Kim Hyun-ho finds no peace when he lies down at night . The hundreds of dead or missing passengers from the Sewol ferry disaster haunt his sleep . Their screams ring in his head . He has vivid memories of his rush to save them in his modest fishing boat off South Korea 's coast 10 days ago . Kim thinks he may have pulled 25 people from the frigid waters of the Yellow Sea , he said Saturday . But the man from a nearby tiny island of just 100 people feels no pride , only torment . "  It was hell . Agonizing . There were a lot of people and not enough boats , people in the water yelling for help . The ferry was sinking fast , " he said . He watched people trapped inside go under with the vessel yards in front of him . Then he heard on television how many people were sealed up in the ship . The father of two grown children is heartbroken for the hundreds of parents who have lost theirs , those he could not save . He 's trying to fish again , but he 's a changed man , he says . Legal ramifications As the effort inside the ship continues , South Korean authorities are pressing a criminal investigation into the sinking . It 's resulted in the arrests of the ship 's captain and 14 other members . Yang Joong-Jin , the senior prosecutor for the investigation task force in Mokpo , South Korea , said all the 15 crew members responsible for sailing and the engine room face charges of "  causing death by abandoning  ship  , and violation of the country 's marine law , the Rescue and Aid at Sea and in the River Act . Investigators also searched the company that owned the ferry and the home of the man whose family controls it , and conducted a wide-ranging probe into the country 's marine industry . Prosecutors have said that authorities have yet to determine what caused the sinking . Leading theories include changes made to increase the ferry 's passenger capacity , and shifting cargo . On Friday , investigators checked out the Sewol 's sister ship , the Ohamana , and said they found 40 of its life rafts were n't working , emergency slides to help evacuate passengers were inoperable , and equipment to tie down cars and cargo either was nonexistent or did n't work very well . Like the Sewol , the Ohamana had been modified to add more passengers , the prosecutor 's office said . Investigators are looking into whether those modifications could have contributed to the Sewol 's fate . Kim Yong-rok , an opposition lawmaker who represents Jindo , an island near where the ship sank , told CNN that modifications to add 117 more passenger cabins to the ship raised the ferry 's center of gravity . On Friday , the South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries announced it would ask lawmakers to consider legislation prohibiting modifications to ships to increase passenger capacity . Young crew member hailed as heroine In recent disasters , captains did n't hang around Students remember vice principal who took own life Murky waters cloud the horror facing rescue divers CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Jindo , South Korea . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf , Steven Jiang , Bradley Olson and Elena Kim also contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Please come together as one for the recovery efforts , " prime minister says Chung announces : "  I should take responsibility for everything " 187 bodies from the ferry have been found , 115 are still missing Rescuers find 48 girls crammed into one room ; 50 more may be in other room
Bangkok  CNN  Thailand has lifted martial law , replacing it with it a controversial new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta . Critics have expressed alarm at the move , with Human Rights Watch 's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country 's "  deepening descent into dictatorship . " Martial law was lifted Wednesday when the Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej approved a request from Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-ocha to proceed . Prayuth -- head of the National Council for Peace and Order  NCPO  junta -- immediately invoked Article 44 of the country 's interim constitution "  to curb acts deemed harmful to national peace and stability . " Article 44 states , in wide-ranging terms , that when the head of the junta believes it is necessary in the name of public harmony or to prevent the undermining of national security , then he has the power to act as deemed necessary . According to a statement issued by the NCPO , the new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability , who commit crimes involving war weaponry , or who violate the orders of the NCPO . Designated military personnel were granted powers to seize assets , to block media from reporting or publishing , and to detain suspects up to seven days , the statement said . Unauthorized political gatherings of more than five people were banned , while those who defied NCPO orders could be imprisoned for up to a year , it said . Those who were detained could not leave the country without the approval of the head of the NCPO . Human Rights Watch said in a statement that the new security order would allow Prayuth "  to issue orders without administrative , legislative , or judicial oversight or accountability . " "  Thailand 's friends abroad should not be fooled by this obvious sleight of hand by the junta leader to replace martial law with a constitutional provision that effectively provides unlimited and unaccountable powers , " Adams said in a statement . Sunai Phasuk , Human Rights Watch 's senior researcher on Thailand , told CNN the move would see Prayuth "  become a strongman with ultimate power in his hands to wield as he wishes . " "  This is a dangerous indication that the junta is not going to keep its promise to restore democracy and respect for human rights in Thailand , " he said . Rupert Abbott , deputy director for Asia Pacific at Amnesty International , called in a statement for the NCPO to "  reinstate the rule of law and constitutional protections for human rights which the 2014 coup steamrolled over . " Meanwhile , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein expressed alarm at the news . "  Normally I would warmly welcome the lifting of martial law -- and indeed strongly advocated for it to be lifted in Thailand , " the High Commissioner said . "  But I am alarmed at the decision to replace martial law with something even more draconian , which bestows unlimited powers on the current Prime Minister without any judicial oversight at all . This clearly leaves the door wide open to serious violations of fundamental human rights . " Martial law was imposed shortly before Thailand 's military seized power last May , ousting the democratically-elected government of Yingluck Shinawatra after months of sometimes violent street protests . Since then , the NCPO has curbed civil liberties , muzzled the media and rounded up opponents . Amnesty International says that since May , hundreds of people have been arbitrarily held and dozens brought before military courts for engaging in peaceful political gatherings or expression . Thai political scholar and coup opponent Pavin Chachavalpongpun told CNN that the move from martial law to the new security order amounted to "  pouring the same wine into a new bottle . " "  The junta is trying to reinvent itself , but the substance is still there , " he said . "  In a word : it 's absurd . Everyone knows in Thailand they had to abolish the martial law because of international pressure . "  But Article 44 is a lot worse than the martial law because it gives total power to the NCPO . " Thailand 's military rulers have insisted that such restrictive measures are needed to maintain stability , following a decade of political conflict which has pitted a royalist , middle-class Bangkok elite against Shinawatra 's supporters , mostly drawn from the urban working class or the rural north . But Pavin did not believe there was a sufficient threat to national security to justify the new order . "  The notion of national security has been exploited over and over , " he said . A spokesperson for the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said it was important that Thai citizens were allowed "  to freely exercise their fundamental rights , including the rights of freedom of expression and peaceful assembly . "	Martial law has been lifted in Thailand after 10 months It has been replaced by a new order granting sweeping powers to the military junta Critics warn the move deepens the country 's "  descent into dictatorship "
CNN  -- It 's nearly 200 years old , and people still come back for more . Ever since June 14 , 1839 , the quaint English town of Henley-on-Thames has been attracting spectators in their droves to its Royal Regatta . What started off as a small collection of boat races -- held over just a single afternoon on the River Thames near London -- has morphed into a five-day sporting and social extravaganza , where anyone who wants to be seen , attends . "  British people like the old charm of it -- its continuity , the idea , the past , comfort in a changing world , " leading social commentator Peter York told CNN . "  All those thing that I call the ` Downton ' things , " added York , referring to the hit television show "  Downton Abbey , " which has won a legion of devoted fans around the globe thanks to its depiction of Edwardian England . Like "  Downton Abbey , " Henley lures visitors from both at home and abroad , reminding them all of an England of old -- the maiden regatta occurred two years into Queen Victoria 's near 64-year reign over the country . Originally offering up just one trophy to rowers -- the Grand Challenge Cup , still today 's biggest prize -- this month 's 2014 edition boasted 20 different events on its 175th anniversary . The sporting aspect of the regatta , however , remains just one side of a rather lopsided coin . Along with the likes of Royal Ascot , Glorious Goodwood and Wimbledon , Henley has a strict dress code if you want to gain entry . Lounge suits for the gentlemen and dresses -- "  with a hemline below the knee " -- for the ladies is the order of the day . Should the rowing not suffice , a "  Champagne & Oyster Bar " and "  Afternoon Tea " are some of the other delights on offer to visitors searching for other distractions . "  The dress code is quirky and a bit quaint , but I think it adds to the atmosphere , and I love the flamboyance of the men 's colorful blazers , " says CNN 's Milena Veselinovic , who attended Henley this year . "  When I first went it was like a window to another culture . "  It may not be representative of modern Britain , but it 's a throwback to a different era and a chance to spend the day in the sun with your friends , " added the Serbian , who provides an outsider 's view of Henley . "  If you find that charming then you probably would go again , " remarks York of Henley 's ability to repeatedly draw crowds of thousands year after year . Henley 's ability to retain that charm arguably separates it from Britain 's illustrious horse racing and tennis showpieces . The English identity that lies at its very core has been kept intact , yet to be eroded away by multimillion sponsorship deals , around-the-clock television coverage and an A-list celebrity guest lists that its bigger , more glamorous rivals wear as a badge of honor . "  Henley is still relatively better preserved than the other events , " York observes . "  The moment these things go on to full-on corporate , to full-on new-rich money , then they are spoiled and changed , and can never quite go back to how they were . "  That Henley is set on the river and has n't got a horrible building adds to the charm , " adds York , who is no fan of the Ascot Grandstand -- "  ugly and vulgar " -- that was built in 2006 . Henley 's picturesque setting on the Thames , with an idyllic town as its backdrop , provides the event with its unique feel . Crowds line sections of the course , which at one mile and 550 yards  2,112 meters  is longer than the standard international distance of 2 km . They often witness two races simultaneously , while up to 90 can take place on certain days . To complete the program by a reasonable hour on such occasions , races are started at five-minute intervals , meaning action aplenty for spectators . "  It 's clearly on the social calendar , but if you 're actively involved in the sport it 's the pinnacle of rowing , and a chance to see a world-class competition , " says Alex Wood , a former junior Great Britain rower who has competed at Henley . "  It 's something quintessentially British , and it has the feel of days gone past . " But while Henley 's dream of "  Olde England " is still alive and kicking , York suggests it 's only a matter of time until the event follows in the footsteps taken by some of its rivals . In February , Ascot signed a five-year sponsorship deal with Qatar Investment & Projects Development Holding Company -- a company controlled by the Qatari royal family -- while the influence of foreign investment on British sport has been clear for all to see since Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich bought Chelsea Football Club in 2003 . "  They are being cherry-picked by rich foreigners , " York says of traditional "  English Season " events . "  It is an indication of what we are about . As Napoleon said , we are a ` nation of shopkeepers , ' we 'll sell anything to anybody . And do n't forget , the Toffs  a slang term used to describe Britain 's aristocracy  are n't in charge anymore . "  It 's not new , but it 's the scale of it . It 's been happening since the very rich Americans came over in the 1890s , but they tried to fit in . "  These new people , though , are so rich and not bothered about trying to fit in . " York says the authentic "  Englishness " of such social occasions has "  considerably diminished . " "  The people now look at things and say ' I want that one , ' without thinking why . They are going to want it to work their way rather than the other way around . "	The Henley Royal Regatta has been going since 1839 Thousands flock to Henley-on-Thames each year to watch Spectators go for the sporting and social aspect
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Crichton , who helped create the TV show "  ER " and wrote the best-sellers "  Jurassic Park , " "  The Andromeda Strain , " "  Sphere " and "  Rising Sun , " has died in Los Angeles , his public relations firm said in a news release . Michael Crichton , here in 2005 , was a director and best-selling author . He co-created the TV series "  ER . " Crichton died unexpectedly Tuesday "  after a courageous and private battle against cancer , " the release said . He was 66 . Crichton , a medical doctor , was attracted to cautionary science tales . Watch more about the life of Crichton " "  Jurassic Park " -- perhaps his best-known work -- concerned capturing the DNA of dinosaurs and bringing them to life on a modern island , where they soon run amok ; "  The Andromeda Strain , " his first major fiction success , involves an alien microorganism that 's studied in a special military compound after causing death in a nearby community . Crichton also invited controversy with some of his scientific views . He was an avowed skeptic of global climate change , giving lectures warning against "  consensus science . " He later took on global warming and the theories surrounding it in his 2004 novel , "  State of Fear , " which attracted attacks in its own right from scientists , including NASA climatologist James Hansen . iReport.com : Were you a fan ? Share your tributes . Crichton was a distinctive figure in the entertainment business , a trained physician whose interests included writing , filmmaking and television .  He was physically distinctive as well , standing 6 feet 9 inches . He published "  The Andromeda Strain " while he was still a medical student at Harvard Medical School . He wrote a story about a 19th-century train robbery , called "  The Great Train Robbery , " and then directed the 1979 film version . He also directed several other films , including "  Westworld "  1973  , "  Coma "  1978  , "  Looker "  1981  and "  Runaway "  1984  . In 1993 , while working on the film version of "  Jurassic Park " with Steven Spielberg , he teamed with the director to create "  ER . " The NBC series set in a Chicago emergency room debuted in 1994 and became a huge hit , making a star of George Clooney . Crichton originally wrote the script for the pilot in 1974 . "  Michael 's talent out-scaled even his own dinosaurs of ` Jurassic Park , ' " said Spielberg , a friend of Crichton 's for 40 years , according to The Associated Press . "  He was the greatest at blending science with big theatrical concepts , which is what gave credibility to dinosaurs again walking the Earth . ... Michael was a gentle soul who reserved his flamboyant side for his novels . There is no one in the wings that will ever take his place . " Crichton was "  an extraordinary man . Brilliant , funny , erudite , gracious , exceptionally inquisitive and always thoughtful , " "  ER " executive producer John Wells told the AP . "  No lunch with Michael lasted less than three hours and no subject was too prosaic or obscure to attract his interest . Sexual politics , medical and scientific ethics , anthropology , archaeology , economics , astronomy , astrology , quantum physics , and molecular biology were all regular topics of conversation . " Michael Crichton was born in Chicago in 1942 and grew up in New York 's suburbs . His father was a journalist and Michael loved the writing profession . He went to medical school partly out of a concern he would n't be able to make writing a career , but the success of "  The Andromeda Strain " in 1969 -- the book was chosen by the Book-of-the-Month Club and optioned by Hollywood -- made him change his mind , though he still had an M.D. Though most of Crichton 's books were major best-sellers involving science , he could ruffle feathers when he took on social issues . "  Rising Sun "  1992  came out during a time when Americans feared Japanese ascendance , particularly when it came to technology . "  Disclosure "  1994  was about a sexual harassment case . iReport.com : How did Crichton 's work affect you ? Share your tributes Crichton won an Emmy , a Peabody , a Writers Guild of America Award for "  ER , " and won other awards as well . "  Through his books , Michael Crichton served as an inspiration to students of all ages , challenged scientists in many fields , and illuminated the mysteries of the world in a way we could all understand , " the news release said . Crichton was married five times and had one child . A private funeral service is expected .	Michael Crichton wrote several best-sellers , including "  Jurassic Park " Crichton , a physician , also helped create hit TV show "  ER " Crichton died after "  courageous and private battle against cancer , " release says
CNN  -- Hurricane Rick weakened Sunday as it churned up Pacific waters on its track to strike Mexico later in the week . A satellite image shows Hurricane Rick in the Pacific , bearing down on the southern tip of Baja California . Rick remained a Category 5 hurricane with its center about 450 miles  725 km  south of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . Hurricane force winds extended up to 60 miles  95 km  from the center . Forecast models show that Rick could make landfall on the tip of Baja California by Wednesday morning . Forecasters expect Rick to lose some of its punch as it curves northeast toward southern Baja , California , and then toward mainland Mexico later in the week , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said . The storm could be downgraded to a Category 4 hurricane later Sunday night , Robbie Berg , a hurricane specialist with the National Weather Service , told CNN Radio . Earlier Sunday , Rick 's winds topped at 180 miles per hour , making it then the second-strongest hurricane in the eastern North Pacific in more than a decade . The strongest hurricane in the eastern North Pacific was Hurricane Linda that reached winds of 185 miles per hour in 1997 .	NEW : Hurricane Rick is still a Category 5 storm , despite weakening NEW : Storm center is 450 miles south-southeast of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico Forecasters : Rick to lose some of its punch as it swings to southern Baja Strongest hurricane in the eastern North Pacific was Hurricane Linda in 1997
CNN  -- Her name was Alice Guy-Blache , and you 've probably never heard of her . That 's understandable . Her heyday was a century ago . She was French and spent only a few years in the United States . Her work -- what little of it has survived -- generally lives on in museum collections . But perhaps you should find out who she is . For Guy-Blache , who died in 1968 , was a pioneer in the film industry . She was the first female director . She was perhaps the first to create a narrative film . She was an innovator in storytelling and in business . Pamela Green is trying to raise her profile . Green and Jarik van Sluijs , her colleague at the Los Angeles design firm PIC , have created a Kickstarter campaign to secure funding for a documentary on Guy-Blache . The work-in-progress , called "  Be Natural " -- after a common Guy-Blache acting instruction -- is attempting to raise $ 200,000 . Green was inspired by a special about female pioneers in cinema , which also included Mary Pickford and Lois Weber . "  Alice stuck with me , " says Green . "  And when it was over , I was surprised that I did n't hear  more  about her . " Given her contributions to motion pictures , you 'd think Guy-Blache would have attracted more notice . She was present practically at the creation of the industry , joining French businessman Leon Gaumont -- whose company was one of the first movie producers -- as a secretary in 1894 . Two years later , when she was just 23 , she helmed a one-reel short , "  La Fee aux Choux "  "  The Cabbage Fairy "  . She started her own company , Solax Films , in 1910 , and set up a state-of-the-art studio in Fort Lee , New Jersey , two years later -- the first woman to own a studio . She oversaw more than 1,000 films , many noted for their pioneering use of light , composition and even synchronized sound . "  She had a very important place in film history , " says Thomas J. Slater , a film scholar at Indiana University of Pennsylvania who specializes in the silent era . "  She was more than just a filmmaker -- she also knew how to organize a production company and get her work out there . " Slater suspects that a combination of factors caused Guy-Blache to fall into anonymity . The business moved to Hollywood ; Guy-Blache never really made the move . At the same time , her husband , Herbert Blache , took control of Solax , and she eventually returned to France and divorced him . And there was also the matter of her sex . Even 100 years later , women struggle for positions of power in Hollywood -- particularly behind the camera . It was big news three years ago when Kathryn Bigelow won best director for "  The Hurt Locker , " only the fourth woman to even be nominated in that category . It was a different atmosphere in the teens and early '20s , says Slater . At the time a number of women were screenwriters and directors . But once the business started consolidating , women 's creative positions "  dropped off drastically , " he says . Even Weber , one of the most accomplished directors of the teens , was largely forgotten . Indeed , from the beginning of the sound era in 1927 until the 1970s , about the only female directors of note in Hollywood were Dorothy Arzner and Ida Lupino . In the case of Guy-Blache , says Green , "  maybe her experience and her accomplishments were something that worked a little bit against her . They did n't want people who knew too much . She kind of encompassed that . " Though the film will make use of old stills and Guy-Blache 's work , Green and van Sluijs want it to have a modern look , where -- thanks to computer effects -- the viewer will practically feel inside the frame . The two have the experience : as established creative directors , they 've produced sequences for such films as "  The Cabin in the Woods , " "  42 " and "  The Muppets . " The trailer for "  Be Natural " invites you into another time . A number of film luminaries have gotten behind "  Be Natural 's " Kickstarter campaign , including Robert Redford and Jodie Foster , but the campaign is still well short of its financial goal .  An FAQ explains that despite some stars ' participation , "  this is not the type of project that gets traditional Hollywood funding , nor is it the type of film that qualifies for educational grants . " Green is hopeful they 'll make it across the finish line . After all , just because she 's little known does n't mean that Alice Guy-Blache is any less inspirational , says Green . "  There 's an Alice in all of us , " she says . "  This is a piece of history , but that 's not the story . The story is about a woman who saw the opportunity in a time where she had nothing but obstacles , and she went and did it . The message is , if you have a dream , and you visualize it , you can do it . "	Alice Guy-Blache was pioneering female director Guy-Blache had her own studio in silent era , directed hundreds of films She 's now the subject of a Kickstarter campaign to tell her story
Petra , Jordan  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama wrapped up his trip to the Middle East on Saturday with a walking tour of the ancient city of Petra in Jordan . The city 's breathtaking architecture features buildings partly carved into stone cliffs and combines eastern culture with ancient Greek constructions . It is a UNESCO world heritage site . Obama was accompanied on a leisurely tour through Petra 's steep red-rock formations by a University of Jordan tourism professor , with all other visitors kept well away -- except for a few stray cats . Soon after his stroll through the arid landscape , renowned for its colorful interplay of light and shadow , the president headed back to Washington , where he arrived Saturday night . A last-minute success Just before departing for Jordan on Friday , Obama scored a diplomatic coup when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized to Turkey for a 2010 commando raid that killed nine activists on a Turkish vessel in a Gaza-bound flotilla . Israel to Turkey : Sorry for the deadly raid The apology , long sought by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan , eased strained feelings between Turkey and Israel , two vital U.S. allies in the Middle East . It happened in a phone call to Erdogan during a final meeting between Obama and Netanyahu at an international airport in Tel Aviv , minutes before Air Force One departed for Jordan to complete the president 's Middle East swing . Obama hailed the development as an important step forward for both countries . Questions fly around any plan to attack Iran Jordan 's refugee influx Friday in Jordan , Obama focused on the civil war in neighboring Syria , with King Abdullah telling reporters that the conflict has already caused 460,000 refugees to flood his country and more are on the way . That is equivalent to 10 % of Jordan 's population , and the total could double by the end of the year , the king said . He asked for more help from the international community as his country also deals with internal reforms in response to economic woes that are raising public dissatisfaction . Obama said he was working with Congress to provide an additional $ 200 million to Jordan this year to help deal with the refugee influx , but he remained steadfast in his refusal to pledge U.S. military assistance to the Syrian opposition movement . Refugees flood Jordan town However , Obama repeated past warnings that his stance on military involvement could change if Syria uses chemical weapons . Jordan is suffering from refugee fatigue . Masses of people have fled there from neighboring countries whenever conflict was rife . The Syrian conflict comes on top of the flood of refugees that came from Iraq just a decade ago . The country is a close U.S. ally and has been one of the most stable in the region , but it has seen recent internal turmoil and discontent . King Abdullah has a reputation for benevolence , unlike autocratic rulers such as Syria 's Bashar al-Assad or deposed Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein . One house of the Jordanian parliament is democratically elected . However , a weak economy and allegations of corruption by public officials have stoked dissatisfaction with him . In November , crowds took to the streets calling for King Abdullah 's downfall because of rising gasoline prices . More recently , comments attributed to King Abdullah in the The Atlantic caused further anger toward the monarch , who was quoted as calling the opposition Muslim Brotherhood a "  Masonic cult " and referring to tribal elders in his country as "  old dinosaurs . " The royal court says some of King Abdullah 's comments in the magazine were taken out of context by local Jordanian and international media outlets who reported on the article . Courting Israel In Israel , the last-minute diplomacy added a flourish to Obama 's first visit to the Jewish state as president . While the two nations have a key strategic partnership , with the United States supplying military aid and diplomatic support as Israel 's most vital ally , Obama and Netanyahu had famously frosty relations during the president 's first term . With both beginning new terms after Obama 's reelection last year and Netanyahu 's recent formation of a new government , the president 's visit was an opportunity to reset the relationship and signal unified positions on major issues such as the Middle East peace process and Iran 's efforts to develop a nuclear weapon . Obama and Netanyahu met several times during the president 's three days in Israel , which also included a state dinner where Israeli President Shimon Peres awarded him the country 's highest civilian honor . Before leaving Israel , Obama paid tribute to the father of modern Zionism in a symbolic visit to Theodor Herzl 's grave . Joined by Peres , Netanyahu and Kerry , Obama also visited the grave of former Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin , who was assassinated in 1995 . Obama placed a stone at each grave from the grounds of the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial in Washington in a gesture to link the African-American struggle for freedom with the struggle by the Israeli people for a homeland . The president also visited the Holocaust memorial Yad Vashem , where he turned up the "  eternal flame " of remembrance of the millions of Jewish victims of Nazi death camps in World War II . Fairness for the Palestinians In Israel , Obama urged young Israelis in a speech to pressure their leaders to seek peace with Palestinians . He asked Israelis to empathize with the plight of Palestinians , and he drew applause when he criticized the Israeli government 's controversial policy of building new settlements in disputed territories . Walking through Ramallah and Gaza , political differences become real During a visit with Abbas in Ramallah , in the West Bank , Obama stressed the need for direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians for a two-state solution . "  The Palestinian people deserve an end to occupation and the daily indignities that come with it , " he said at a news conference with Abbas , adding that Palestinians deserve "  a future of hope " and a "  state of their own . " Abbas said the Israeli settlements are "  more than a hurdle to peace , " calling them illegal and saying it was Israel 's duty to stop building them . He envisioned a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders with Jerusalem as capital -- a scenario unacceptable to Israel . CNN 's John King and Jessica Yellin reported Petra Jordan , and CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report from Washington . CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote the story in Atlanta .	Kerry will meet with Netanyahu and Abbas , a State Department official says Obama takes a cultural tour of an ancient city before returning to Washington In a last-minute move , Netanyahu calls Turkey to apologize -- on Obama 's initiative Jordan has 460,000 Syrian refugees with more coming , King Abdullah says
RollingStone.com  -- Arcade Fire manager Scott Rodger has responded to allegations by media mogul Steve Stoute and record industry gadfly Bob Lefsetz that the band closed out the Grammy Awards this year with a second performance because the Recording Academy knew the group would win the ceremony 's final award for Album of the Year . Grammy Awards : Complete Coverage In an email to Lefsetz 's newsletter The Lefsetz Letter , Rodger explained that the Arcade Fire performed last at the show because ratings are typically low at the end of the broadcast , and the band was one of the least-known acts on the bill .  He wrote that he would have preferred if the band had played earlier in the program . Rodger also insisted that the band 's second performance was not part of a "  big plot " but rather an agreement with Grammy producers to play out the show 's credits , depending on how much time was left in the broadcast . He said that the band was never guaranteed time at the end of the ceremony . Photos : Arcade Fire 's Greatest Performances Rodger later asserted that the Arcade Fire did not lobby for their Grammy in any way , and that the band , not its label Merge Records , paid their own overhead in order to perform at the event . A letter from Arcade Fire 's manager  in reaction to Steve Stoute 's Open Letter to The Grammys Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Rodger says Arcade Fire performed last because ratings are lower at the end of the broadcast He wrote that he would have preferred if the band had played earlier in the program Rodger also insisted that the band 's second performance was not part of a "  big plot "
CNN  -- Somewhere , someone is kicking themselves for being nice to a little old lady . Gloria Mackenzie , 84 , came forward to claim the second-largest U.S. lottery jackpot , more than two weeks after the $ 590.5 million Powerball drawing on May 18 , Florida Lottery officials announced Wednesday . She passed up a payout spread over 30 years for a somewhat smaller one-time lump sum , pocketing $ 370.9 million before taxes , Lottery Secretary Cynthia O'Connell said . Mackenzie bought her winning ticket at a supermarket in Zephyrhills , north of Tampa . She did not appear at Wednesday 's announcement , but in a statement O'Connell read to reporters , she said it was the fifth ticket she 'd purchased for that drawing . "  While in line at Publix , another lottery player was kind enough to let me go ahead of them in line to purchase the winning quick-pick ticket , " Mackenzie said . Eyeing Powerball jackpot ? You have a better chance of death by lightning "  We are grateful for this blessing of winning the Florida Lottery Powerball jackpot and appreciate the interest of the public , the state of Florida and the lottery . We hope that everyone will give us the opportunity to maintain our privacy for our family 's benefit . " The amount of the prize ballooned to $ 590 million as the drawing approached , with Florida lottery officials selling about $ 45,000 worth of tickets an hour at the peak . That total was surpassed only by a $ 656 million Mega Millions drawing in March 2012 , split among winners in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . Why you keep playing the lottery Mackenzie was accompanied by her son , a "  trusted family friend and her legal and financial advisers " when she came in to the lottery 's Tallahassee headquarters to get her winning ticket validated , O'Connell said . She said Mackenzie waited "  to make sure they were ready to handle the types of responsibility that come with that kind of a jackpot win . " CNN 's Joe Sutton and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Winner says someone let her go ahead of them to buy ticket Gloria Mackenzie , 84 , claims second-biggest Powerball jackpot She 'll pocket $ 370.9 million in a one-time , pre-tax payout
Seoul  CNN  -- Like most South Korean mothers , Ahn Mi-ja was worried about her son 's compulsory military service . She has a point -- Yoon Seung-joo 's medical unit is stationed close to the border with North Korea , which remains a very real threat . Yet the real enemy was far closer than she could have ever imagined . For more than a month , Private Yoon was beaten . Denied food , the 20-year old was forced to lick phlegm from the floor or eat his own vomit . He was hooked up to an intravenous drip to revive him when he faltered . Then on April 6 this year , his body could take no more . Force-fed frozen food as he was being beaten , he simply stopped breathing and died . The official autopsy report stated the cause of death as asphyxiation . His alleged abusers were half a dozen of his fellow comrades . The oldest was just 25 . Extensive bruising It was a Sunday afternoon when Yoon 's parents got the call to come to the hospital . When Yoon 's two sisters arrived they noticed extensive bruising on his body and questioned the claim that he choked . "  The military came and started taking photos , " Yoon 's mother recalled . "  They did n't answer our questions , just took photos and left . " It would take months before the full scale of Yoon 's abuse became clear . And it did not come directly from the military , rather from a leaked internal report obtained by a military human rights group . "  The handling of this case is simply not transparent , " said Lim Tae-hoon of The Center for Military Human Rights . "  We would like the families of the bereaved or the victims to have unlimited access to military information . " Reforms South Korea 's defense ministry has made some structural changes : Parents can now call and visit more often , leave is more flexible and barracks are being updated . "  The Korean military has tried very hard to obliterate violence , " said spokesman Kim Min-seok . "  But recently the violence has resurfaced . Violence is like a weed , you have to constantly pull it out and some officers probably misunderstood , thinking violence had disappeared . " An army survey conducted in April in tandem with the investigation seems to back up Kim 's suggestion the military became complacent about violence . Almost 4,000 previously unreported cases of abuse emerged . A military dictatorship until the late 1980s , South Korea has struggled with decades of bullying within the military . Now , there are calls for more transparency . The defense ministry rejects all accusations of a cover up in this case , the spokesman going so far as to say parents thank them for telling them how their sons died . Bullying culture Ahn Mi-ja is not one of those parents . Describing how she felt when she saw her son 's alleged attackers , she said : "  My skin shook and everything went dark . I could n't control my mind and I could n't move when I saw them ... I wanted to do to them exactly what they did to my son . " For Ahn , the most important thing is that her son did not die in vain ; that a bullying culture within the military will change -- a culture the military claims starts at school . "  It is pure evil what they did , " said Ahn . "  A human should n't be able to do that . I want a just punishment ... I know you ca n't say something like this will never happen again , but even if it helps a little bit , I hope they get serious punishment . " Six soldiers are currently on military trial , four have been charged with murder .	Private Yoon Seung-joo died while doing compulsory military service in South Korea The official autopsy report stated the cause of death as asphyxiation Soldier 's mother says he was beaten and suffered months of bullying Six soldiers are currently on military trial , four have been charged with murder
CNN  -- Just 101 miles separate Samoa and American Samoa . But one will be the first country in the world to welcome the New Year ; the other will have to wait a full day . Samoans can thank the very crooked international date line for their license to party early . The line is an imaginary one dreamed up to help with global time-keeping . It splits the globe into two -- so when it 's Tuesday morning on the west side of the line , it 's still Monday morning on the east side of it . Until last year , Samoa and American Samoa celebrated the new year on the same day . But then Samoa hopped west of the line so it could trade more easily with countries such as Australia and New Zealand . Because the date line is not fixed by any international law or agreement , it can zig and zag to accommodate such government and business interests . American Samoa , however , stayed on the other side of the border -- leaving it 25 hours behind Samoa . Samoa is n't the only place the international date line bends  quite literally  its rules for . Take the tiny Pacific Island nation of Kiribati . Before the mid-1990s , the international date line split Kiribati into two parts , leaving the western portion a whole day ahead of the eastern part and causing headaches when doing business . Now , the date line takes a massive detour of more than 2,400 kilometers  1,500 miles  , around Kiribati 's eastern-most islands , so that the whole nation is on the same calendar day . Near the top of the globe , the date line veers east to get all of Siberia on board with the rest of Russia . It then swings far west to lasso in the Aleutian Islands , so they can to be on the same day as the rest of Alaska . This means some Russians will see 2013 a full day before some Americans . Perhaps they can tell their neighbors on the other side of the squiggly line what the future holds . CNN 's Ric Ward contributed to this report .	Samoa is 101 miles  164 kilometers  west of American Samoa But Samoa marks the new year a whole day before its neighbor The international date line swings more than 1,500 miles east for Kiribati Some Alaskans have to celebrate 2013 a day after Russian neighbors to the north
CNN  -- Tomas Berdych finished the China Open final in Beijing Sunday with a broad smile on his face . It is not the reaction one would expect from a top-10 player thrashed 6-0 6-2 , but his opponent was world number one Novak Djokovic , and the Serb had been in unstoppable form . Czech star Berdych was 6-0 5-0 down and facing the humiliation of the "  double bagel " before staging a brief rally to break back and at least get two games on the board . So his demeanor at the handshake was one of pure relief , despite hardly troubling the scoreboard in a one hour six minute match . Djokovic broke Berdych 's giant serve at will from the start and was never seriously troubled as he hit 19 winners in the one-sided contest . The loser acknowledged that he had been playing against someone in very special form . "  I just said to my coach now that I probably played over 700 matches in my career , and I met guys like Andre  Agassi  , Roge  Federer  , all those probably in their best times . But I have never , ever experienced anything like that , " he told the ATP Tour website . Form had dictated that Djokovic would emerge the winner , he has entered the ATP 500 event in the Chinese capital on five occasions and each time he has won the title . A straight sets semifinal win over Britain 's Andy Murray had also shown him at his best , but Berdych had also dispatched Martin Klizan , the quarterfinal conqueror of world number two Rafael Nadal . Djokovic will now head to Shanghai for a Masters 1000 tournament , which he has won for the past two years . The WTA event in Beijing was claimed by Russia 's Maria Sharapova , who beat Petra Kvitova in a tight three-set final . Sharapova will leapfrog Kvitova to go to number two in the rankings with a 6-4 2-6 6-3 win over the Czech . It was her first title since claiming the French Open and her fourth of the year . Kvitova saved a match point in a marathon eighth game in the third set , but Sharapova closed it out in the next game , her sixth victory over her opponent in eight career clashes . In Sunday 's other ATP Tour final , there was a popular home triumph for Kei Nishikori in the Japan Open . He beat Canada 's big-hitting Milos Raonic , the same player he beat for the 2012 Tokyo title , 7-6 4-6 6-4 at the Ariake Colosseum . Nishikori , who beat Djovovic in the semifinals of the U.S. Open before losing to Marin Cilic , has risen to number five in the race to qualify for the season-ending ATP Tour Finals in London .	Novak Djokovic thrashes Tomas Berdych 6-0 6-2 in China Open final Fifth title in Beijing for world number one Djokovic Maria Sharapova claims WTA title in Chinese capital Kei Nishikori triumphs in home tournament in Tokyo
CNN  -- FIFA 's decision to award the 2022 World Cup to Qatar has stirred plenty of simmering tensions in football 's global community -- but is it about to boil over into costly demands for compensation ? On Tuesday , football 's world governing body FIFA insisted it will not be liable for compensation if the 2022 World Cup is staged in winter rather than summer . FIFA is considering rescheduling the World Cup because of concerns over high temperatures in host nation Qatar , where the heat can reach 122 degrees Fahrenheit in the summer months . And Australian football chiefs argue that if the competition is moved then FIFA should offer compensation to those nations affected by a major rescheduling of global football 's calendar . But a FIFA spokesperson told CNN : "  As part of the bidding documents all bidders , including the FA Australia , accepted that the final decision regarding the format and dates of the staging of the FIFA World Cup and FIFA though initially expected to be in June/July , remains subject to the final decision of the FIFA Organising Committee . "  There is no ground for any speculations . " FIFA will discuss the proposal to move the tournament to a cooler winter date at a meeting in Zurich next month . On Tuesday Football Federation of Australia went public over its view that explained in a statement that it wants FIFA 's Executive Committee to consider : "  An in-principle decision that just and fair compensation should be paid to those nations that invested many millions , and national prestige , in bidding for a summer event . "  If there is consensus within the Ex-Co that a change in date should be considered , then a transparent process should be established to examine the scheduling implications for all leagues and a method developed for agreeing appropriate compensation for those affected . " Qatar beat bids from Australia , South Korea , the U.S. and Japan to win the right to stage the 2022 World Cup . FIFA president Sepp Blatter recently expressed fears that the heat in a Qatari summer would have detrimental health effects on players and quality of football at the tournament . He said : "  You can cool down the stadiums but you ca n't cool down the whole country and you ca n't simply cool down the ambiance of a World Cup . " Blatter 's Executive Committee could make a decision on 3 October to move the World Cup . Frank Lowry , chairman of Australia 's Football Federation , said he had written to Mr Blatter to explain why he is against a quick decision and why he feels Australia has a case for complaint and compensation . "  Australia invested heavily in the World Cup process and the entire nation was behind the bid , " he said . "  Since December 2010 Australia has been careful not to let its misgivings about the process be interpreted as sour grapes . "  But now , with increasing speculation about a change that will impact on us as one of the bidding nations , and because our competition will be affected , we have made our position public . "  Our season takes place during the Australian summer to avoid a clash with other local football codes . "  If the World Cup were to be staged in the middle of our A-League season it would impact on our competition , not just for 2022 , but for the seasons leading up to and beyond that date . " Last month Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore said FIFA should consider switching the 2022 World Cup from Qatar rather than staging the event in winter . Qatar 's World Cup team was not immediately available for comment . The bid team is understood to be happy to host the tournament whenever the FIFA requires regardless of the ramifications for others .	FIFA says it is not liable for compensation if the 2022 World Cup is staged in winter The event in Qatar could be moved because of concerns over high temperatures The Football Federation of Australia argues affected nations should be compensated Australia says it wants compensation for losing a bid to host a summer event
CNN  -- The 222nd El Clasico -- a match between Barcelona and Real Madrid which epitomizes the ultimate in team rivalry -- turned into an individual showcase for the two greatest players in world football and fittingly ended in a 2-2 draw Sunday . Barcelona 's Lionel Messi scored twice to put his side 2-1 ahead in their Camp Nou Stadium after an early strike from Real 's Cristiano Ronaldo . But the Portuguese star drew the reigning Spanish champions level on the hour mark with his second goal and almost certainly kept their title hopes alive . They trail leaders Barcelona by eight points after seven games , 11 would have been almost insurmountable . A draw was probably a fair result although it is unlikely the majority of the 98,000 fans who crammed into Barcelona 's magnificent home stadium would have agreed . Because at stake is not just the result of a football match but the very pride and honor of the Catalan people . Independence calls Many from this semi-autonomous region of Spain want full independence and last month more than a million people demanded just that in a demonstration in Barcelona . Former Barca manager Pepe Guardiola publicly supported that ambition , which has gathered pace in the austerity-hit country , with many Catalonia citizens believing they are paying more than their fair share into the coffers of the government in Madrid . This feeling of Catalan identity embodied in a football club is summed up by Barcelona 's motto "  mes que un club " -- more than a club , and clashes against Real Madrid are chances to give vent to their feelings . Austerity gives El Clasico added twist The passionate atmosphere Sunday went up a notch as Barcelona officials allowed fans to display the yellow and red colors of Catalonia in a giant mosaic , holding up cards to get the effect . And at exactly 17 minutes and 14 seconds , chants for independence rang out in reference to the Catalans ' military defeat to the Royalists in the War of Spanish Succession in 1714 . Political football Barcelona 's central defender Gerard Pique had tweeted Saturday that he wanted politics to say out of El Clasico . "  The games between Barcelona and Madrid increasingly resemble Catalonia against Spain and this should not happen , " he wrote . "  It 's just a football match . " Whether all his fellow players agreed with Pique , they certainly missed him in defense as he was ruled out by injury . The full throated chants had barely subsided when Ronaldo ran through a big gap in the Barcelona back line and shot past Victor Valdes on 22 minutes . It was a record sixth goal in six matches against Barcelona and Real would be left to rue a miss by Karim Benzema soon afterwards which might have led to a different result . His mishit shot hit the post and by halftime Messi had equalized after hesitation in the Real defense . Is this El Clasico a must win game for Real ? In the second half , Messi was fouled just outside the Real penalty area and got up to send an unstoppable free kick past Iker Casillas . But Ronaldo replied when weakness at the heart of the home defense was again evident and he equalized with a low shot . Both sides had chances to grab the three points but had to settle for a draw . Controversial invite The political undertones behind the latest El Clasico found further expression in the decision by Barcelona to invite Gilad Shalit , a former Israeli soldier who was held captive in Gaza for nearly five years . It risked alienating their many supporters in the Palestine region and the Hamas government called for a boycott of the television coverage . Barcelona responded by inviting a former Palestine international player Mahmoud Sarsak , who had been detained by the Israelis , but he declined to come .	Barcelona draw 2-2 with Real Madrid in El Clasico Two goals apiece from Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo Catalan giants Barcelona stay eight points clear of arch-rivals Game held against backdrop of growing demands for indepedence for Catalonia
CNN  -- In recent years , so much has been going on in the world of commercial aviation that putting together a "  top 10 events " forecast has been easy -- major new airplane programs have been announced , airline consolidation has taken place and disputes between China and Europe over carbon emissions have held major airplane orders hostage . Not in 2015 . Looking at the year ahead , it 's a challenge to muster a list of five events likely to grab the general public 's attention , much less 10 . The year 2015 is more about program execution . New airplanes from Airbus and Bombardier are scheduled to enter service  EIS  in 2015 and the Airbus A350 XWB , scheduled for delivery to its first customer December 22 , will also see its EIS in January . Boeing 's 787s are in a lull : more than 200 have been delivered and the next version , the 787-10 , is n't scheduled for delivery until 2018 . Embraer is between airplanes , so to speak . Its new , re-engined E-Jet E2 is n't scheduled for delivery until 2018 and the current generation E-Jet marches on . Yet even though they do lack the pizzazz of years past , there are still a handful of important events and milestones to look forward to in 2015 . New airplanes to enter service The Airbus A320neo , the New Engine Option , and the Bombardier CSeries , are supposed to enter service in 2015 . Each is powered by the Pratt & Whitney Geared Turbo Fan  GTF  , a 20-year research-and-development gamble that brings PW back into the arena as a major player in single-aisle airplane powerplants . "  Supposed to " because new airplane programs from Airbus , Boeing and Bombardier have been replete with delays . So far , the flight-testing of the A320neo -- which had its first flight in September -- seems to be going flawlessly , but unknowns can emerge . The A320neo 's EIS is scheduled for October . For CSeries , EIS of Bombardier 's bet-the-company jump into the big leagues with its first "  mainline " jet is an event that was originally supposed to happen in December 2013 . Then the fourth quarter of 2014 . The first flight of the airborne test program did n't happen until September 2013 . The planned fourth quarter 2014 EIS may have been achieved had it not been for a major engine failure of PW 's GTF during a ground test in May . The fault was traced to a poorly designed oil seal and not the game-changing engine architecture . The entire flight test fleet was grounded for three months while the cause and a fix were identified . Had CSeries been on time , it would have been two years ahead of the A320neo . Now , it 'll be a toss up as to which airplane enters service first . According to the Canadian investment bank aerospace analyst at Desjardins , CSeries should have its EIS in October 2015 . Bombardier will only say the second half of 2015 , but MTU , a major supplier on the CSeries Pratt & Whitney engine , narrows this down to the fourth quarter . No matter . EIS for two airplanes in the same month or the same quarter , or even the same year , is a major industry event . For Airbus , the A350 XWB , the response to the Boeing 787 and the challenge to Boeing 's flagship 777-300ER , was set to be delivered December 22 to launch customer Qatar Airways . The real flow of deliveries and service entry begins in January . Declining oil prices mean increased profits The price per barrel of oil dropped dramatically in 2014 . It 'll probably continue to fall in 2015 . Some believe the price could hit $ 40 a barrel . If so , it probably wo n't stay there for long before rebounding to $ 60 - $ 80 and , maybe , back to $ 100 . Do n't expect any order cancellations or deferrals because of lower oil prices . The lower oil prices may give new , short-term life to some older airplanes like the Boeing 757 , 767 , 777 and 747-400 ; and Airbus A300-600R and early A330s . But that 's about it . Do n't look for lower airfares driven by cheaper oil , either . Airline management knows this is a time to reap profits that are elusive in a high-oil price environment . Air shows will be lackluster As always , international air shows are huge industry and media events . This coming year , the Paris Air Show is in June and the Dubai Air Show is in November . Unlike the air shows of recent years , at which airplane program launches were announced , the Big Four airplane manufacturers -- Airbus , Boeing , Bombardier , Embraer -- have tapped out their new airplane launches . Paris and Dubai will focus more on commercial airplane orders than anything else , and even these are expected to be off compared with previous years . The peak of the order cycle has come and gone and for the moment , we 're on the downside of the bell curve , especially with oil prices falling and reducing the urgency to place more orders . Besides , with Airbus and Boeing backlogs out to 2020 , there are few slots available for which to place orders . ATR , the France-based turbo-prop manufacturer with more than 80 % of the market , might announce a major upgrade of its venerable ATR-42 / 72 series with a new engine , new wing and other systems , but turbo-props command neither the market size nor the headlines of the big jets . An ATR New Engine Option  neo  , while important to the airlines , wo n't capture the imagination of the air show or reporters . Asian aviation marches along ... slowly COMAC 's C919  China  , the challenger to the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 families , is in development and so is the equivalent Irkut MC-21  Russia  , but neither will take to the skies in 2015 . The AVIC/COMAC ARJ21  China  is supposed to enter service in 2015 after a seven-year delay , and this time it actually might do so . But only a few have been sold outside of China and prospects that there will be more orders are dim . The airplane is largely a learning effort by the Chinese on how to develop an airliner , and the experience has been painful . The Mitsubishi MRJ90 , Japan 's first commercial airliner since the 1960s , is set to enter flight-testing in 2015 . KC-46A flight-testing will draw geek attention The real aerospace geek will watch for the flight-testing of the Boeing KC-46A aerial refueling tanker for the U.S. Air Force . The airplane , based on the commercial Boeing 767-200ER , is already late and approaching $ 1.5 billion over budget . Its first flight was supposed to be last fall ; now it 's planned for this spring . Or maybe before . Even Boeing and the Air Force are n't sure when the bird will fly . Boeing won the contract in a bitter , bitter fight with Airbus , which proposed its A330 MRTT  multi-role tanker transport  . Although not without its own challenges , the MRTT is in service in Britain and Australia and has been ordered by several other global air forces . Scott Hamilton is managing director of Leeham Co. , which provides consulting services to the aerospace industry .	The coming year wo n't yield as many big aviation stories as years past The Airbus 320neo and Bombardier CSeries are expected to enter service in 2015 Declining oil prices should help airlines reap increased profits Major air shows will be lackluster compared with years past
CNN  -- Deep-sea explorers say they have solved "  one of the greatest mysteries in naval history " with the discovery of what was "  the world 's mightiest and most technically advanced warship " when it sank in 1744 . The HMS Victory sank in 1744 . The HMS Victory -- the predecessor to a historic British flagship of the same name -- was found "  far from where history says it was lost , " Odyssey Marine Exploration said in a news release Monday . The find in the English Channel exonerates Adm. Sir John Balchin , one of "  the greatest admirals in English history , " because it shows that the ship went down in a violent storm , not due to any mistakes he made , Odyssey said . It did not specify the ship 's exact location . Maritime lore said the ship went down in the northern part of the Channel Islands , south of England near the coast of France . Stories about treasures -- including gold -- that may have been on the ship have existed ever since its disappearance . This HMS Victory was a predecessor to the historic British ship that took the same name and which served as Admiral Nelson 's flagship in the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 . In court papers seeking exclusive salvage rights , Odyssey says the wreck site "  consists of cannons and other unidentified objects . Odyssey believes that potentially valuable cargo may be located at or near the site . " The papers were filed in U.S. District Court in Tampa , Florida , where Odyssey is based , seeking exclusive salvage rights . There were nearly 1,000 people aboard -- "  900 sailors , plus a complement of marines and 50 volunteers drawn from the noblest families of England , " Odyssey said in information about the ship released together with the Discovery Channel , which chronicled the find . Based on reports from the time , there may be as much as four tons of gold on the ship , Odyssey and the Discovery Channel said . "  Additional research indicates that there were large quantities of both silver and gold coins aboard . ... Research suggests that this prize money will also likely be located at the wreck site . " ... However , no coins have been located at the site to date , and no accurate assessment as to their value can be made prior to location , recovery and analysis . " The potential treasure also comes in another form -- bronze weaponry . "  The site 's anticipated ordnance collection " includes "  the single largest collection of bronze cannon in the world " and "  the largest consignment of bronze guns ever manufactured and preserved today , " Odyssey said . Two cannons have been recovered -- "  a 12-pounder featuring the royal arms of George II " and a "  42-pounder bearing the crest of George I , " it said . "  The huge 42-pounder recovered is the only known example of a gun of this type and size currently in existence on dry land . The only other artifacts recovered to date were two small brick fragments that were brought into U.S. federal court in order to file an admiralty arrest of the site . " Admiralty arrest is a step mandated under international maritime law . The discovery could set up a legal battle with the British government . If it really is the HMS Victory , "  her remains are sovereign immune , " the British Ministry of Defense  MOD  said in a statement on its blog Monday . "  The wreck remains the property of the Crown . We have not waived our rights to it . This means that no intrusive action may be taken without the express consent of the United Kingdom . " In its statement , Odyssey said it "  has been cooperating closely " with the ministry , and "  all activities at the site have been conducted in accordance with protocols agreed with MOD and Royal Navy officials . " The ship has deteriorated to the point that recovering it is impossible , Odyssey said . "  A plan is being developed for an archaeological excavation of the site , and artifacts will be recovered in accordance with a scientific project plan , which will be submitted to the UK MOD for review and approval . " The company has proposed that it be paid "  with either ... a percentage of the value of the collection that has been recovered , conserved and presented to the UK government , or a percentage of the coins or other artifacts that the government decides to  sell  . " The ship was found nearly 100 km  62 miles  "  from where the ship was historically believed to have been wrecked on a reef near the Channel Islands , " Odyssey 's statement said . "  Having discovered it in deep water far from where history says it was lost has served to exonerate Admiral Balchin and his officers from the accusation of having let the ship run aground on the Casquets due to faulty navigation , " said Greg Stemm , Odyssey 's chief executive officer , in the statement . Odyssey said the "  prevailing belief " about the ship 's fate was that it had "  smashed into the Casquets , a group of rocky islets " north of Guernsey , the second largest of the Channel Islands . But the evidence , Odyssey 's statement said , suggests "  the ship sank as the result of a violent storm and suggests that the design and construction of the ship contributed to her loss . " Odyssey released press materials about the ship in cooperation with the Discovery Channel , which chronicled the find and will be showing it in a program this week called Treasure Quest . "  The English Channel is a treacherous place to navigate , " Discovery Channel President John Ford told CNN Radio . "  The ship was returning from Portugal and got caught up in a storm . And despite being judged unsinkable at the time , sort of like the Titanic was , this very , very large ship went down in a storm and vanished without a trace . " CNN Radio 's April Williams contributed to this report	Team says it has discovered the wreck site of HMS Victory Victory sank in 1744 between England and France If find is confirmed , it could set up a legal battle with the British government Replacement HMS Victory served as Nelson flagship for Battle of Trafalgar in 1805
Washington  CNN  -- Both political parties continued jockeying Sunday to position themselves as more deserving of the female vote , a battle that took on new life last week after a Democratic strategist questioned Ann Romney 's validity in giving her husband advice on economic issues affecting women . The criticism from Hilary Rosen , also a CNN contributor , rekindled the national conversation on whether Republicans or Democrats are better equipped to improve economic conditions for women and gave Republicans a line of attack against Democrats . Polls show a majority of female voters favor President Barack Obama over presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney . Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner defended the Obama administration 's record on job creation and accused Mitt Romney of leveling "  ridiculous " accusations against the president 's policies . He specifically pointed to Romney 's claim that 92.3 % of jobs lost in the country were among women . "  It 's a ridiculous and deeply misleading look at the economy , " Geithner said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  Remember the recession and the crisis started at the beginning of 2008 before the president took office . It caused a huge amount of damage to men , to women , to families . And the damage lasted for a time , and you 're still seeing the scars of that . " The 92.3 % figure was batted back and forth to jab Obama in the latest skirmish in the war over women . Although the number is correct , when including non-farm-employed women from January 2009 -- when Obama took office -- to March 2012 , women have gained 863,000 jobs since February 2010 . The percentage also does not reflect that men constituted a much larger chunk of the job-loss pie in the year leading up to Obama 's inauguration . Geithner stressed the downturn "  hurt everybody , " and unsurprisingly rallied behind the president 's proposals , including the "  Buffett Rule , " which he said is part of a comprehensive plan that will continue to improve the country 's economic outlook . But Romney backers , including Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington , argued that the former Massachusetts governor is armed with proposals that will not only court female voters , but also turn the economy around . McCain , the 2008 GOP presidential nominee , predicted Romney would win the female vote , despite the gender gap in current polling . "  I do believe that Ann Romney was right when she said the women she talks to and the women I talk to , traveling around my state , are interested in jobs and the economy , " McCain said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  There 's no doubt that a lot of women have been hurt very badly in this recession . And jobs and the economy is their No. 1 priority . " A recent poll from ABC News/Washington Post showed Obama leading Romney among women , 57 % to 38 % , despite his single-digit lead among all voters over the former Massachusetts governor in a hypothetical general-election matchup . Ann Romney , a mother of five , came to her own defense and the defense of her husband on Thursday after Rosen questioned her qualifications for advising her husband , given she had "  never worked a day in her life . " Rosen later apologized for her comments , but not before igniting a firestorm . Rosen responds to firestorm over Ann Romney comment Rodgers , who was one of the women dispatched by the Romney campaign to capitalize on Rosen 's comment last week , told CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley that her candidate 's policies will "  help women succeed in this country and all people in this country succeed . " "  President Obama 's policies are the ones that are failing , Americans failing women , " she added on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Opinion : Not another Mommy War After calling Rosen 's comments "  shocking and insulting , " Rep. Michelle Bachmann of Minnesota returned to the Republican line , saying "  women have born the brunt of the failed economic policies under Barack Obama . " "  There 's no question his economic policies have had a disproportionate negative impact on women and that 's why I think women are going to be very upset with this current administration , " the former presidential candidate said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " The back-and-forth over female support is the latest Twitter - and cable-fed controversy to show the general election between Romney and Obama is already under way . Rosen : It 's not personal , it 's politics On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus would not yet characterize Romney as the "  presumptive nominee " out of respect for former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , who remain in the race . However , Romney 's significant advantages on all fronts make it highly likely he will face Obama for the presidency . Newly into the second quarter of fund-raising , both Romney and Obama will travel in the coming week in hopes of aiding their campaign coffers . The president , first lady Michelle Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will all hold fund-raising events in the next week . Obama is scheduled to campaign in Michigan , while his wife will be in Washington , D.C. , Tennessee and Pennsylvania . Biden will host events in Washington , D.C. , Arizona and California . Romney , too , will attempt to bring in money through events in North Carolina and Pennsylvania . Ann Romney is scheduled host a birthday-themed fund-raiser in New York on Tuesday , one day after she and her husband sit down for a joint interview with ABC News set to air Monday night .	Tim Geithner defends Obama 's record on job creation Romney supporters say GOP candidate 's proposals will benefit women Recent poll shows Obama leading Romney among women Firestorm began with Democratic strategist 's comments last week about Ann Romney
CNN  -- The director of athletic training at an Ohio university died Tuesday night when a bus carrying the wrestling team and others crashed , the school said Wednesday . Dan Gorman , 52 , director of athletic training and associate professor of human performance and sport business at the University of Mount Union , died from injuries suffered in the crash about 11 p.m. , according to a statement from the university . Mount Union is in Alliance , Ohio , about 32 miles southeast of Akron . The bus was carrying the school 's wrestling team , coaches , statisticians , an athletic trainer and athletic training students , the statement said . It was returning to campus after a match at Ohio Northern University in Ada , about 16 miles east of Lima , when it was involved in the crash near Bucyrus , Ohio . The Ohio State Patrol said it is investigating the crash , which occurred between the university bus and an Ohio Department of Transportation snow plow . Both vehicles were eastbound , the patrol said in a statement , and the vehicles collided when the bus attempted to pass the plow , which was plowing the left lane . Twenty-eight passengers were on the bus , the state patrol said . Gorman was pronounced dead at a hospital , and four others were treated for minor injuries and released . Gorman came to Mount Union in 1985 , the school said , and was "  integral to the success of the university 's athletic training program . " Mount Union said it was making counselors and the university chaplain available to members of the campus community .	Dan Gorman had been at the University of Mount Union since 1985 Officials said the bus collided with a state snow plow All others on the bus requiring medical attention were treated and released
New York  CNN  -- For Kenny Ortega , Travis Payne and Michael Bearden , "  It " is a bittersweet feeling . The three men expected to be spending their time this summer and fall working on Michael Jackson 's concert engagement at London 's O2 Arena , which was scheduled to begin in July . Instead , they are talking about Jackson 's last days and the new movie about that time , "  This Is It . " In an interview , they described "  This Is It , " the movie that they 've made from rehearsal and backstage footage of Jackson , shot just before he died June 25 . The film , which has been dominating advance ticket sale outlets , opens wide on Wednesday . The full movie was n't screened for critics , with only 12 minutes of footage available to the media before the interviews . But as director Ortega describes it , the film tries to blend backstage footage with the performance to give an inside glimpse of those last days at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . The scenes show the superstar working on his dance moves , figuring out choreography , practicing on stage and running the show . From the clips , there 's no question that Jackson was in charge . His physicality is vibrant : At one point , he dances with a troupe of top-notch hoofers and keeps up with all of them . There 's no indication of the infirmities that would ultimately take his life . All three men -- Payne was the show 's choreographer and Bearden its music supervisor -- stressed how they wanted this movie to represent the Jackson they knew . "  It was an honor project , " Bearden said . According to Ortega , the film is for the fans . He said he was inundated with e-mails from fans wanting to know just what Jackson had planned for the concerts he would never give . Above all , they said they were concerned about Jackson 's three children . They said that they wanted to make a film that his kids -- Prince Michael , Paris and "  Blanket " -- would be able to see in years to come that would make them proud of their father . Though the men acknowledged a heavy responsibility , there were light moments during the interviews . Payne and Bearden both smiled as they talked about working for the King of Pop and how he 'd try to tell people what he wanted . "  I know you mean well , but ... , " Jackson would say as he corrected colleagues , they recalled . But all of them talked about he emotional toll that making this film has taken on them . There were "  a lot of tissue moments on this film , " Bearden said . Watch a former Jackson guitarist reflect on his career Ortega added that he did n't know whether he could handle the emotional stress involved in making this movie so quickly . Ultimately , according to Ortega , the movie proved to be cathartic . "  I thought I 'd collapse , " Ortega said . "  I thought I 'll never get through it , it 's too hard , it 's too soon , but in fact it was healing and helpful . " He hopes Jackson 's fans will feel the same way .	"  This Is It , " Michael Jackson concert film , is dominating advance ticket sales Film was tough to make , musician 's colleagues say Production was for the fans but especially for Jackson 's children "  American Morning " looks at the value of Michael Jackson 's estate Monday 6 a.m. ET
CNN  -- The Rolling Stones have postponed the rest of their tour of Australia and New Zealand , according to a statement on the band 's website . The move comes in the wake of the death of Mick Jagger 's longtime girlfriend , fashion designer L'Wren Scott . Scott was found dead Monday in her New York apartment from an apparent suicide . The 49-year-old was discovered hanging from a door knob with a scarf around her neck , said a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation . "  Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood wish to thank all of their fans for their support at this difficult time and hope that they will fully understand the reason for this announcement , " the statement said . "  The Rolling Stones are planning to reschedule these postponed shows at a later date . " Scott had been dating Jagger , 70 , since at least 2003 , and the rocker was often a fixture at his girlfriend 's fashion shows . MickJagger.com , the singer 's official website , posted the following statement Tuesday : "  I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way . We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves . She had great presence and her talent was much admired , not least by me . I have been touched by the tributes that people have paid to her , and also the personal messages of support that I have received . I will never forget her . " The same statement was also posted on Jagger 's Facebook page where fans left messages of encouragement for the singer , including , "  My deepest condolances mick , there are no answers for these kind of situations " and "  peace , mate . " A representative for the New York Police Department said the New York medical examiner will determine the cause of death as the investigation continues into what led up to it . CNNMoney reports the designer 's business was facing mounting losses and debts . CNNMoney : L'Wren Scott 's business was in trouble The fashion industry registered shock at the death of the famed designer whose fashions graced such luminaries as first lady Michelle Obama , Madonna and Oprah Winfrey . Scott was beloved for her designs as well as her personal fashion that she honed as a model for designer Thierry Mugler in the 1980s before she began a steady climb , first as a stylist , and later with her own label . "  She was so tall and so glamorous , so unlike anyone else you 'd ever seen , " Amy Larocca of New York magazine wrote . "  She was easy in her six-foot-three skin as she 'd sit down to watch the models parade their narrow pencil skirts , their snug little cardigans , and their general air of film-noir fantasy up and down the runway . " In a reflection of Scott and her early career in The New York Times , fashion writer Suzy Menkes noted , "  As a much lauded but discreet stylist , she became a power behind the Hollywood thrones . " Menkes added , "  The discretion that the designer showed in her work was mirrored by her attitude as a partner to a rock icon . Her clothes suggested a strong and feisty woman , yet she remained a very private person . " Scott was once quoted as saying , "  I 'm a fashion designer . I do n't want to be defined as someone 's girlfriend , " and following her death several observers took exception with the media focus on her relationship with Jagger . Fashion writer Nico Bellay tweeted , "  My thoughts are with Mick , but her name is L'Wren Scott , not ` Mick Jagger 's Girlfriend . " Another admirer of Scott 's work , Johanna Fuentes , tweeted , "  L'Wren Scott was a renowned designer , successful model and stylist . Can we not reduce her to being called Mick Jagger 's girlfriend ? " There was also buzz surrounding the timing of a reported picture on Scott 's Facebook page . The New York Post reported that following her death a pre-written post with a picture showing several dresses hanging from trees appeared on the designer 's Facebook page and tweets were sent from her Twitter account , causing some to question if news of her death was a hoax . The social media accounts have since been deleted .	Concerts in Australia and New Zealand postponed after death of designer L'Wren Scott Mick Jagger and Scott dated for more than a decade Some are upset by media 's focus on the pair 's relationship
CNN  -- What 's Vegas without the lights ? What 's Rio without Ipanema ? What 's Paris without the Eiffel Tower ? For the past two days , visitors to the City of Light have had to contend with that last question , touring the French capital while the city 's most famous landmark has been closed due to a workers strike . To the relief of thousands , normal Tower operations are set to resume on Thursday . After Wednesday negotiations , the Tower 's management announced the reopening with a terse message on its official website . "  The Eiffel Tower will reopen to the public from Thursday June 27th at 9 a.m.  Thank you for your understanding , " reads the entirety of the official notice . As reported by the Wall Street Journal , the company that operates the 324-meter  1,063 feet  structure earlier stated that an agreement to end the strike had been reached with workers on Wednesday night . It did n't provide details of the terms . Organized by the General Confederation of Labor union , the strike began on Tuesday morning , with Eiffel Tower employees pressing demands for better working conditions and more pay . The union claims that one of the Tower 's lifts still has n't been renovated , as promised in 2008 , leading to longer lines and impatient visitors . "  We 've been complaining about the handling of maintenance work for several years . It 's had a severe effect on how we cope with visitors and also on our working conditions , " a union representative told Euronews . On Tuesday and Wednesday , tourists arrived at the Tower only to find it closed . Many had planned to climb to upper viewing platforms . Some would n't leave , wandering around the base of the structure , snapping photographs in front of the girders or "  On Strike " posters . On Thursday , they should be looking up again . 	The Eiffel Tower has been closed for past two days due to a workers strike Tower is scheduled to resume normal operations on Thursday Union claims that one of the Tower 's lifts still has n't been renovated , leading to longer lines and impatient visitors
CNN  -- Former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman was denied a new trial Friday and resentenced to 6 1/2 years in prison for his role in bribery , conspiracy , fraud and obstruction of justice , the Justice Department announced . At a hearing Friday in a federal courtroom in Montgomery , District Judge Mark Fuller said Siegelman would serve the 78 months behind bars , plus receive three years of supervised release and a $ 50,000 fine . Siegelman 's contentious prosecution included a jury verdict of guilt on seven charges in 2006 . An appeals court threw out two of the charges but upheld five counts , and the Supreme Court refused to hear his appeal . Siegelman served less than a year in prison before he was released on bail in 2008 after the appellate court tossed two of the charges . But on Tuesday , he asked for a new trial . "  The District Court reviewed and denied all of Siegelman 's various claims for a new trial prior to his resentencing  Friday  , " the Justice Department said . Siegelman stands convicted of bribery , conspiracy and honest services mail fraud arising from a scheme in which HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy paid $ 500,000 for a seat on the state regulatory board governing HealthSouth . Siegelman was found guilty of obstruction of justice stemming from an investigation of an alleged pay-to-play scheme with another Alabama businessman . "  The outcome of this case reflects the unflagging commitment of the Department of Justice to hold public officials accountable for corruption , " Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer said in a statement .	Don Siegelman convicted in scheme in which CEO paid $ 500,000 for board seat He was also found guilty in alleged pay-to-play scheme involving another businessman He served less than a year in prison before being released on bail in 2008 He requested a new trial but was denied and resentenced
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Getting into North Korea was one of the weirdest processes VBS has ever dealt with . After we went back and forth with their representatives for months , they finally said they were going to allow 16 journalists to come and cover the Arirang Mass Games in Pyongyang . Just before our departure , they suddenly said , "  No , nobody can come . " Then they said , "  OK , OK , you can come . But only as tourists . " But they already knew we were journalists , and over there if you get caught being a journalist when you 're supposed to be a tourist you go to jail . We do n't like jail . And we 're willing to bet we 'd hate jail in North Korea . But we went for it . The first leg of the trip was a flight into northern China . At the airport , the North Korean consulate took our passports and all our money , then brought us to a restaurant along with our tour group . All the other diners left , and these women came out and started singing North Korean nationalist songs . We were thinking , "  Look , we were just on a plane for 20 hours . Ca n't we just go to bed ? " But this guy with our group who was from the L.A. Times told us , "  Everyone in here besides us is secret police . If you do n't act excited then you 're not going to get your visa . " So we got drunk and sang songs with the girls . The next day we got our visas . A lot of people we had gone with did n't get theirs . We flew into North Korea that night . We were supposed to have three days before the games started , but as soon as we got on the ground they told us , "  The games are happening now . " We went straight to the stadium , and there were 40,000 people in the stands , portraying the history of the North Korean revolution with flip cards . On the playing field before them , about 60,000 people did wild synchronized-gymnastics routines . The 15 of us who made up the audience watched from a marble dais . We were the only spectators . Fifteen audience members for a 100,000-man extravaganza . See the rest of the Vice Guide to North Korea The next day , our grand tour began . We went to the International Friendship Museum , which comprises 2,000 rooms carved into the bottom of a mountain . The displays are all gifts from different world leaders . Joseph Stalin gave Kim Il-sung a train . Mao Zedong also gave Kim Il-sung a train . He got hunting rifles from communist East Germany 's Erich Honecker and Romania 's Nicolae Ceausescu and all the other Eastern-bloc guys . Madeleine Albright famously gave Kim Jong-il a basketball signed by Michael Jordan . Perhaps the weirdest thing about North Koreans is that they genuinely do n't seem to know that the rest of the planet hates and fears them . They believe  or maybe they really convincingly lie about believing  that the whole world admires and envies them and that they 're the true light of socialism and Juche , which is their leader 's philosophy of Communist self-reliance . As the days went on , North Korea presented us with progressively stranger sights and encounters . Being there was like being nowhere else on the planet . Are we glad that we got into Pyongyang and were able to document it ? Yes . But are we even gladder that we made it out ? Watch our documentary on the trip and try to guess the answer .	A VBS.TV crew gets into North Korea after months of negotiation Their "  strange " tour included a 100,000-man show at which they were among 15 spectators VBS founder Shane Smith says it was "  like being nowhere else on the planet "
CNN  -- Judging by the hysterical reaction in some quarters , to President Obama 's handshake with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , or his bow to Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , you would think that America 's national security rested solely on body language not sound policy . The presidential handshake between Barack Obama and Hugo Chavez spurred many comments . But just for the record , let 's not forget that President George W. Bush kissed and held hands with the same Abdullah after 9/11 , while also looking deep into the soul of Vladimir Putin . And a generation earlier , egged on by British Prime Minister "  Iron Lady " Margaret Thatcher , President "  Tear Down That Wall " Ronald Reagan , decided that indeed Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev was a man he could do business with : the business of ending the Cold War . While Obama has not managed in 100 days to defeat Islamic militants , usher in a Middle East peace treaty or disarm North Korea , on these and other issues he has laid down some important groundwork . Most importantly , the global polls following his first overseas trip show he has begun restoring America 's name and reputation , key ingredients to successful policy making . Even before stepping onto foreign soil , Obama began by ordering the infamous Guantanamo Bay detention center closed , thus returning the United States to upholding the very same rule of law it preaches to other nations . He also has stated over and over again that "  America does not torture , " thus returning the United States to leading on human rights , not cherry-picking them . To those such as former Vice President Dick Cheney who claims this will make America more vulnerable , even some former Bush administration officials now concede that rigorous but patient above-board interrogation has proven to yield better , more reliable intelligence than a rush to the waterboard . Obama has kept a campaign pledge and given a fixed date for ending the unpopular U.S. war in Iraq . "  Let me say this as plainly as I can : By August 31 , 2010 , our combat mission in Iraq will end , " he announced . Yet the perils are clear . Hundreds of Iraqi civilians have been killed in Baghdad and other cities in a surge of sectarian violence since January . The Obama administration and U.S. military leaders are playing it down , blaming the suicide bombings on a few militant cells . That brings back memories of Cheney and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld blaming a "  handful of dead-enders " as the original insurgency was getting into full swing . Much work still needs to be done to stabilize Iraq militarily and politically . Drawing down in Iraq means surging in Afghanistan , which along with Pakistan is still viewed as the central front on terror . "  If the Afghanistan government falls to the Taliban or allows al-Qaeda to go unchallenged , " Obama said in March , "  that country will again be a base for terrorists . " So he has ordered 21,000 new U.S. troops there by summer . But for all the talk of more boots on the ground , negotiating with moderate Taliban and beefing up Afghan security forces , danger will persist unless the Afghan people see more of a peace dividend . As Obama himself recognizes , "  There will be no lasting peace unless we expand spheres of opportunity for the people of Afghanistan and Pakistan . " Watch highlights from Obama 's first 100 days " Dire poverty still stalks the land and people desperate to feed their families will lay an IED for cash if they can not farm or find a decent paying job . Although the Taliban had less than 8 percent support in Afghanistan at the end of 2007 , according to an ABC poll , Afghan public opinion is turning against the U.S.-led coalition partly because of the rising number of civilian casualties as the U.S. military hunts down terrorists with airstrikes . The same is happening in Pakistan . When unmanned drones and other airstrikes target militants but cost many civilian lives , it turns people against the United States . One month ago , President Obama unveiled an Afghan-Pakistan strategy for stabilizing the region , and yet things have gotten so much worse in the weeks since that now he , British officials and other world leaders openly fear the Talibanization of nuclear-armed Pakistan . A furious Pakistan government accuses the United States of sowing panic among the people and insists it 's in full control of its country and its nuclear arsenal . But it is hard to overdramatize the danger as this U.S. ally concedes land and appeases the Taliban , then watches as it reneges on a so-called "  peace deal " and rolls ever closer to the capital , Islamabad . On May 6 and 7 , Obama will be meeting in Washington with the presidents of Pakistan and Afghanistan . In the fight to deny the militants a tipping point momentum , the military tells me 2009 will be crucial . As for Iran , which even two years ago candidate Obama said would be directly engaged by his administration , there is nothing formal yet between the two sides . After 30 years of enmity , President Obama offered Iran "  the promise of a new beginning " in a Persian New Year video message , and since then has clearly signaled the United States was over regime-change . The Iranian government and leadership have responded in kind , saying they are ready to engage with America if the administration is really committed to changing its Iran policy . However , much of this good will has been over the airwaves and direct or back-channel talks have yet to start . Into this vacuum are stepping all the sundry pro- and anti-Iran interest groups , experts , analysts and nations , with their often-conflicting advice and sometimes confused understanding . Yet it is widely acknowledged that a strategic realignment with Iran would benefit U.S. and regional security and stability . The new Israeli government wants to see no such thing , and wants people to believe it will bomb Iran 's nuclear facilities , a belief it fosters with background briefings to journalists in the United States and presumably elsewhere . In an ironic twist , Israel 's Arab neighbors are bringing their dire warnings about Iran to the White House . Meantime , Obama has named a new Middle East Peace envoy , former Sen. George Mitchell , signaling he wants to take negotiations out of the deep freeze and committing to the two-state solution for Israelis and Palestinians . Trouble is new Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has not signed on to the two-state solution and is trying to fend off this pressure , even suggesting Israel wo n't engage with the Palestinians until the United States takes care of Iran . Last week , Obama told Jordan 's King Hussein at the White House , "  My hope would be that over the next several months you start seeing gestures of good faith on all sides . " He added , "  We ca n't talk forever ; at some point , steps have to be taken so that people can see progress on the ground . " The president has invited the leaders of Israel , Egypt and the Palestinian Authority to the White House in coming weeks . iReport.com : Grade Obama 's first 100 days The second hundred days in foreign policy will be filled with mini-summits at the White House and major summits abroad -- Russia in July and China sometime later . With all this activity , Obama is clearly shifting the United States away from the "  isolate and punish " policy of his predecessor . He is signaling that clearheaded meetings to discuss issues of mutual concern are better than hiding your head in the sand and hoping they 'll go away . So amid the frothing and fulminating over Fidel , Hugo and Mahmoud , remember Nixon went to China .	Obama has laid important groundwork in key areas , Amanpour says President has acted on some campaign promises , but outcome still uncertain Next 100 days will see key meetings at White House , summits abroad Body language has caused chatter , but Nixon went to China , reminds Amanpour
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is VICE 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Four Corners region of U.S.  VBS.TV  -- Earlier this fall , VBS.TV went to the Four Corners region of the United States to hang out with indigenous cowboys of the Navajo  Din  tribe . These riders were all from the Triple B Association -- a bronc-riding , bull-riding and barrel-racing league catering to the Native American community of the U.S. Southwest . Given the difficult economic circumstances under which most of these cowboys and their families live , it 's an unusual portrait of Americana in the 21st century . Early this year , it was reported that more than 56 percent of Navajos live below the poverty line , one of the highest rates in the U.S. , even among the traditionally marginalized indigenous communities . Add to that a frightening unemployment rate climbing above 50 percent -- disconcertingly higher than the national rate , which hovers around 9.5 percent -- and the picture is extremely bleak . Many of these families throughout New Mexico , Arizona , Utah and Colorado also lack electricity , running water or telephones . Still , theirs is a spiritually rich culture , based on family-operated , small-scale farming and ranching . See more of this story at VBS.TV . Though the professional rodeo circuit offers a slight opportunity for some of the best riders , by and large members of this community are relegated to the Navajo league . The best many can hope for is a berth at the Indian National Finals Rodeo in Las Vegas , Nevada , each year . The winnings are not high and neither is the exposure compared with many of the larger stadium rodeo events . Triple B , like several other rodeo associations , provides young riders with an opportunity to sign up and compete against each other from March to November each year . The cost to enter can be high , and if you do n't win , you have to find a way home , struggle to get back in the circuit in upcoming weeks and somehow find the resources to feed the livestock that await back home . The Navajo riders have managed to get a degree of mainstream exposure over the years , mostly because bull and bronc riding are becoming a big-bucks industry elsewhere in the U.S. Over the course of a week , we tailed several of the group 's riders all across the region , accompanying them during training and traveling with them to and from assorted events . Over that time , we came to know their families , witnessing as they coped with personal struggles and sharing in occasional successes . For more on this story , head to the VBS.TV site .	VBS.TV spends time with Navajo cowboys who are part of a bronc and bull riding league VBS.TV says it 's an unusual portrait of Americana in the 21st century Navajo riders face difficult economic hurdles as they seek success in rodeo circuit Navajo riders have managed to get some mainstream exposure
Yemen 's parliament Sunday called for an end to drone strikes on its territory after a U.S. missile attack mistakenly struck a wedding convoy , killing more than a dozen people . The nearly unanimous but non-binding vote was "  a strong warning " to both the United States and the government of Yemeni President Abdo Rabbo Mansour Hadi , a Yemeni government official told CNN . "  The Yemeni public is angered by the drone strikes , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he 's not authorized to talk to reporters . "  The people 's representatives reflected on the tone of the streets . " That anger was further stoked last week after what Yemeni security officials said was a U.S. attack in southwestern Yemen last week . Intelligence reports had identified the targeted convoy as carrying al Qaeda militants , but the passengers were actually members of a wedding party , the officials said . The officials said that 14 people were killed and 22 others wounded , nine critically . U.S. officials declined to comment on the report . The attacks are part of a joint U.S.-Yemeni campaign against al Qaeda , and Yemen 's government is unlikely to approve any measure that would limit the use of unmanned aircraft , the government official said . "  Yemen 's air force and troops ca n't carry out missions in remote areas . Drones have had success in targeting small number of militants , " the official said . The highest-profile target of that campaign was Anwar al-Awlaki , the American-born Muslim scholar and cleric who acted as a spokesman for the Yemeni-based branch of al Qaeda . Al-Awlaki was killed in a drone strike in September 2011 . But the U.S.-based Human Rights Watch reported in October that at least 57 civilians had also been killed by missiles fired from the unmanned aircraft . And some Yemeni security experts argue that drone strikes have aided al Qaeda by turning peaceful tribal communities into vengeful killers . Drones also have been used extensively against al Qaeda and Taliban fighters in Pakistan . Lawmakers there have objected strenuously to the attacks , but former President Pervez Musharraf acknowledged in April that his government secretly signed off on some strikes inside his country .	Yemeni lawmakers call for an end to drone strikes after an attack on a wedding party The vote was "  a strong warning " to Yemen 's government and the United States , official says But Yemen 's government is unlikely to approve any ban on the attacks
CNN  -- Michigan and federal authorities will coordinate their criminal investigations into a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that killed 22 people in that state and 64 people total nationwide , the Michigan attorney general and the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts said Monday in Detroit . However , Michigan -- which had the most deaths of any single state in the 2012 outbreak -- will let its own grand jury in the case take a "  temporary pause " in the probe of the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center , Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said . The Michigan grand jury has n't announced any indictments and its six-month term is set to expire soon , though a judge could call it back , Schuette said . He emphasized his agreement with the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts , Carmen Ortiz , saying it will ensure state investigators see the evidence that a federal grand jury in Boston is seeing , and vice versa . "  This will help us reach our mutual goal : to secure justice for victims of fungal meningitis , " Schuette said . " ... By working together we can ensure our investigative efforts are not duplicated . " The outbreak , thought to be caused by tainted steroid injections from the New England Compounding Center , infected 751 people in 20 states last year , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported . More than 260 of the infected were Michigan citizens , Schuette said . Massachusetts cracks down on compounding pharmacies The company filed for bankruptcy last December . A state pharmacy board also voted to permanently revoke the company 's license to operate as well as the licenses of the company 's three principal pharmacists . No one has yet been charged in the case , said Ortiz , who appeared with Schuette at a news conference in Detroit Monday morning . She declined to discuss details of the investigation , but said she is confident in the direction it is going . Symptoms of fungal meningitis can include headache , fever , nausea , stiff neck , new weakness or numbness anywhere in the body , slurred speech , pain or swelling at the injection site and sensitivity to light , according to the CDC . What is a compounding pharmacy ? Compounding pharmacists customize medications to fit an individual 's needs . Doctors prescribe these custom medications when the manufactured drug wo n't work -- for example , when a dosage is too large , or a patient has an allergy to a dye or ingredient in the commonly available product . 8th case of meningitis confirmed at Princeton	NEW : Michigan , Massachusetts investigators will see each other 's info in outbreak probe Michigan attorney general : State grand jury on "  temporary pause " but could be called back Meningitis outbreak killed 22 people in Michigan in 2012 It claimed 64 lives in 20 states
Mexico City  CNN  -- A new barter market in Mexico City is helping residents trade their trash for food in an effort to reduce the mountain of waste produced by the mega city . Mexico City 's huge , infamous Bordo Poniente landfill site was receiving 12,600 tons of waste a day -- one and a quarter times the weight of the Eiffel Tower -- before it was shut down in December last year . But although the landfill is is no longer in operation , the city keeps churning out trash . That 's why the local government has launched several measures to reduce the waste created by the 20 million people who call the city home . The Mercado de Trueque began in March this year and has proved an instant hit with residents . Jose Luis Aranda is one of thousands of locals who are now making regular visits to the market held once a month in the city 's Chapultepec Park . Along with his housemates , Aranda brings along glass , plastic and cardboard waste , which is separated and weighed . He is then given vouchers , which can be exchanged at a nearby farmers ' market . The vendors at the market hail from local farms , adding the benefit of attracting shoppers to locally produced food . For Aranda , it 's not just about buying vegetables to eat . He also picks up baby lettuce plants , which he plans to grow at home and sell at the market when he visits again . If he does , it would bring the city 's plan full circle , essentially turning trash into food . Earth Summit : Can Rio +20 solve world 's environmental problems ?	New bartering scheme in Mexico City helping residents exchange trash for fresh food The Mercado de Trueque encourages people to recycle paper , glass and plastic In return , residents receive vouchers that are exchanged for produce at a farmers ' market
CNN  -- A storm over southwestern Mexico weakened further Saturday to a tropical depression , the National Hurricane Center said . Carlotta was expected to continue to drench the area for another day or two , but all warnings and watches were discontinued . The tropical depression was located about 50 miles  80 kilometers  north-northeast of the resort town of Acapulco , the center said in its 11 a.m ET advisory . It was moving toward the northwest at about 12 mph  19 kph  , and the depression or its remnants would "  meander " in the area for up to two days , the hurricane center said . At least two children were killed when Carlotta slammed southern Mexico at hurricane strength , unleashing fierce winds and dumping intense rains over Oaxaca state . The storm destroyed a clay house Friday night in Pluma Hidalgo , killing a 13-year-old girl and her 7-year-old sister , said Cynthia Tobar , a spokeswoman for Mexico 's civil protection agency . The girls ' mother was seriously injured and taken to a hospital in the city of Huatulco , Tobar said . According to preliminary reports , Carlotta ripped off the roofs of homes and caused widespread power outages and small landslides , Tobar said . Authorities will survey the area once daylight comes and and the weather conditions are favorable . In the mountain community of Pluma Hidalgo , about 1,200 people are in shelters , Tobar said . Many more evacuated to stay with relatives or friends , she said . Carlotta is expected to leave total rainfall accumulations of 4 to 8 inches through Monday over parts of southern Mexico , with as much as 15 inches of rain in isolated areas , the hurricane center said . "  These rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , " the hurricane center said .	NEW : Carlotta weakens to a tropical depression Two girls are killed and their mother critically injured after their house collapses A tropical storm warning is in effect for parts of Mexico 's southern Pacific coast
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- When Japanese police arrested three sumo wrestlers and their stable master on Thursday over allegations they beat a 17-year-old wrestler to death , the case sent shockwaves across a country that links its national identity to the sport . Sumo stablemaster Junichi Yamamoto following the young wrestler 's death in October . In scenes unprecedented in Japan 's history , where wrestlers are seen as national heroes , the sumo stars were shown handcuffed and with jackets over their heads surrounded by cameras and reporters . Police arrested sumo wrestlers Masakazu Kimura , 24 , Yuichiro Izuka , 25 , Masanori Fujii , 22 , and their stablemaster , Junichi Yamamoto , 57 , who is also known as Tokitsukaze . Aichi prefectural police allege Yamamoto ordered the three wrestlers to beat a 17 year old junior wrestler so brutally that he died . Takashi Saito , 17 , collapsed at his sumo stable and was rushed to the hospital . Initially , the boy 's death was listed as "  ischemic heart failure " , until his family viewed his body . They say his body was covered in bruises , cuts and burns . They begged police to open an investigation , believing he 'd been punished for trying to flee the stable . "  He said he 'd be a good boy , I just need to come get him  from the stable  , " his father told reporters last summer , through choked tears . "  I should have listened and trusted him . " Police say on June 25 , Yamamoto instructed the wrestlers to beat the boy using sticks and a metal bat . Yamamoto publicly denied striking Saito inappropriately , though he did admit to striking him on the head with a beer bottle during dinner that day . He told reporters shortly after Saito 's death , "  This was an ordinary practice . How could you think I would do anything to hurt someone I consider my child ? " The results of an autopsy conducted last year by Niigata University concluded that Saito died of shock caused by multiple injuries . In a separate autopsy , specialists at Nagoya University confirmed earlier this month that shock caused by multiple external injuries contributed to Saito 's death . The arrests have shaken Japan 's national sport to its core . The Prime Minister , on the floor of the Parliament , urged the nation to carefully examine its sport . The Sumo Association says it will look at how young sumo are hazed , a process that often batters them to toughen them up . "  There will be some change in the short-term , but in the long-run , nothing will change , " says sumo analyst and Japan Times sumo columnist Mark Buckton . "  These are bad apples who took it too far . " E-mail to a friend	Police arrest three sumo wrestlers and their stablemaster over wrestler 's death Police allege the trainer ordered the wrestlers to beat the 17-year-old wrestler The case has shocked Japan where sumo is regarded as near-sacred sport
CNN  -- Delta Air Lines CEO Richard Anderson said Friday he objects to the federal Transportation Security Administration 's move this week to allow small pocketknives on airplanes . "  These items have been banned for more than 11 years and will add little value to the customer security process flow in relation to the additional risk for our cabin staff and customers , " Anderson said in a letter to the head of the TSA . TSA Administrator John Pistole said the move brings the United States into alignment with international rules and are keeping with his "  risk-based security " approach . Under the new rules , knives with blades no longer than 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  and less than a half-inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins as long as the blade is retractable and does not lock into place . Razorblades and box cutters are still prohibited . The rules also allow passengers to carry two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . Knives on a plane ? Really ? Kip Hawley , who oversaw the TSA from 2005 to 2009 , said the search for knives interferes with the search for objects such as bombs and toxins that can threaten aircraft . But others have sharply criticized the change , which was announced this week . They include the Flight Attendants Union Coalition , a nearly 90,000-member group that has launched a campaign to reverse the TSA 's decision . Former flight attendant Tiffany Hawk is "  stupefied " by the move , "  especially since the process that turns checkpoints into maddening logjams -- removing shoes , liquids and computers -- remains unchanged , " she wrote in an opinion column for CNN . And Veda Shook , president of the Association of Flight Attendants , said the move is "  completely unnecessary " and "  makes no sense . " Rather than freeing up time , she predicted that security officers will get more bogged down testing and measuring the knives to see if they meet the criteria . "  How big is this knife ? is it long enough ? is it wide enough ? Does it lock ? Does it not lock ? That is going to create confusion at the checkpoint , " Shook told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday night . " ... We 're all better off , and we 're all safer , without weapons on board the aircraft . " The Delta chief is among those critical voices , saying that he and his airline 's flight attendants "  share  the same  legitimate concerns . " "  If the purpose is to increase security checkpoint flow , there are much more effective steps we can take together to streamline the security checkpoints with risk-based screening mechanisms , " Anderson said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : A flight attendants union president says the move "  makes no sense " The TSA said it would allow small knives onto planes , starting April 25 The agency 's chief says this brings the U.S. in compliance with world norms Delta 's CEO says the move is n't worth the added risk to airline staff and passengers
Tokyo  CNN  -- Two PAC 3 Patriot anti-missile batteries currently occupy what is normally a baseball pitch in the leafy grounds of Japan 's Ministry of Defense . They point northwest -- in the general direction of North Korea . They were moved here to the heart of the Japanese capital in the early hours of Tuesday morning , alongside further batteries in two Tokyo suburbs . And if the intelligence is right , and North Korea has moved one , maybe two mid-range missiles to its eastern coast , any test firing it might choose to conduct could conceivably have its trajectory over Japan . Pyongyang is just 800 miles  1,287 kilometers  from Tokyo . It would take between five and 10 minutes for a missile to reach the skies over Tokyo . The concern here is not that North Korea has Japan or indeed any particular target in its sights , whatever its grandiose claims , it is that something might go wrong with a missile test . "  The North Koreans are not trying to attack Japan but to scare the Americans , " says Narushige Michishita , director of security studies at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies  GRIPS  in Tokyo . " The problem is the missile might malfunction and part of the debris might land on Japanese territory . " Residents whose homes overlook the Ministry of Defense are getting used to these military apparitions outside their bedroom windows . The Patriots have been deployed here three times since 2009 , each time North Korea has announced it will launch what it claims is a satellite , but what most other countries call a missile . "  The situation is acute , " Japan 's defense minister told the unit commander on a visit to the site laid on for journalists . "  Be ready to take prompt action whenever the order is made . " It is arguable that this deployment in the heart of the capital is partly for show -- to guarantee photographers an easy front page and thus reassure nervous Tokyoites that their safety is secured . But the missile defense shield the Japanese have developed with the U.S. to safeguard this region is one of the world 's most sophisticated . These latest deployments are about fine-tuning . If the previous three "  satellite " launches are anything to go by , the Japanese government will have positioned Aegis Destroyers equipped with SM-3 missile interception systems in the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea . It has been widely reported that has happened -- though the government wo n't confirm it , unwilling to "  show its cards , " a spokesman said , to the North Koreans . These deployments should suffice , says Michishita . "  Generally a sea-based system is more useful because it has a wider area it can defend . PAC 3 is more contained but together they are effective . " But Kim Jong Un 's belligerence has some Tokyo residents clearly worried . Junro Kato came out in search of TV crews like us armed with a map showing how far North Korea 's missiles can reach . "  North Korea can hit Japan in five minutes , " he said . "  If there are miscalculations between U.S. and North Korea , military conflict will happen . " For others though , the overriding emotion is astonishment -- astonishment at their puffed up neighbor 's endless posturing .	Patriot anti-missile batteries appeared overnight this week in Japanese capital They are deployed in case North Korea carries out its threat to test-fire a missile Would take between five and 10 minutes for missile to reach skies over Tokyo Japan has deployed these measures before during previous launches
CNN  -- To those of my fellow evangelicals who are on the religious right , please , stop your fake trumpeting of biblical values if you 're going to run roughshod over your biblical convictions and let your partisan views take center stage . When Mitt Romney was running for the GOP presidential nomination , many on the religious right were highly critical of his faith . The Southern Baptist Convention and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association characterized Mormonism as a cult . But Billy Graham 's association scrubbed that view from its website in the wake of the Rev. Graham meeting with Romney . And at least one prominent Southern Baptist leader who called Mormonism a cult has put that aside in order to endorse the Republican nominee . Billy Graham 's group removes Mormon cult reference from website after Romney Graham , "  America 's pastor , " has run full-page ads in national newspapers like the Washington Post and USA Today that are thinly veiled endorsements of Romney . In them , he shows he has forgotten big portions of biblical teaching . The ads read : "  I believe it is vitally important that we cast our ballots for candidates who base their decisions on biblical principles and support the nation of Israel . I urge you to vote for those who protect the sanctity of life and support the biblical definition of marriage between a man and a woman . " In a similar full-page ad that ran in Ohio 's Columbus Dispatch on Sunday , Graham said : "  We are at a crossroads and there are profound moral issues at stake . ... Please join me in praying for America , that we will turn out hearts back toward God . " Graham is urging Americans to vote for candidates who base their decisions on "  biblical principles , " "  support the nation of Israel , " "  protect the sanctity of life , " and "  support the biblical definition of marriage between a man and a woman . " That 's it . Nothing else . The teachings of Jesus Christ are filled with examples of him helping the needy , feeding the hungry , healing the sick and wounded , and taking the haves to task for ignoring the have-nots . The Bible talks about Jesus spending his time with social outcasts and not basking in the glow of the 1 % . So , Rev. Graham , why no mention of the poor , sick or needy in your newspaper ads ? Graham , and so many others on the religious right , apparently want to narrow the Bible 's teachings down to only abortion and same-sex marriage . Does the rest of the Bible matter , or are we to tell Bible believers that one or two issues matter more than any other ? I know the history of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association , as well as Graham 's son Franklin , helping the needy through Samaritan 's Purse . But is n't it worth mentioning and advocating these issues to our presidential candidates ? I wonder how Catholic bishops and nuns feel about Graham not advocating that Bible believers cast their ballots on the issue of health care ? Should Bible believers not be concerned with Rep. Paul Ryan 's proposals to massively cut programs that help the poor ? CNN 's Belief Blog : The faith angles behind the biggest stories Should Bible believers know about the fatherhood initiative launched by President Obama to shore up families and to confront the crisis of fatherless homes ? Should Bible believers be concerned about the candidates ' stance on guns and gun violence ? Is that not a biblical issue , Rev. Graham ? Should Bible believers be concerned about who prefers to end wars across the globe ? Should Bible believers vote on who is best able to tear down the ` - industrial complex that is destroying this country fiscally ? Should Bible believers know who is more concerned about the rich getting richer ? Seriously , Rev. Graham , are these not moral issues that should be considered ? What has happened over the last 30 years is the religious right has perverted the Bible to fit its narrow view of what Christians should pay attention to . Abortion and homosexuality . Nothing else matters . Well , my Bible is bigger than that . My faith is bigger than that . And my Jesus Christ cares about more than abortion and homosexuality . Please , make your case about those two issues . But do n't talk to me , Rev. Graham , Franklin Graham , or any other right-wing evangelical , about the sanctity of life when you are silent about such things as Trayvon Martin being gunned down or police brutality taking the lives of innocent Americans . I refuse to think the biblical and social justice issues touted by the Revs . Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , Fred Shuttlesworth , Ralph Abernathy , C.T. Vivian , and countless other pastors during the civil rights movement are n't worth considering today . Support who you want , Rev. Graham , but do n't dare limit the biblical values to what I can count on one hand . The Gospel according to Obama The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Those on the religious right have changed their views to support Romney Billy Graham 's group once called Mormonism a cult , but has dropped the reference The religious right is boiling the Bible down to only abortion and same-sex marriage , he says Martin : Jesus Christ cares about the poor and the sick . Why no mention of those issues ?
CNN  -- When I teach psychiatry to medical residents , the first thing I tell them is that patients ' stories always make sense . No matter how bizarre a person 's symptoms might be , our lives follow a human logic , and they follow a medical logic . When a story does n't make sense , it means you do n't know the real story . Medical stories that do n't make sense are often big news makers , precisely because they do n't make sense . Sometimes , they titillate our hunger for the unexplained . Sometimes , they capture our attention because the medical uncertainty frightens us . A current and highly publicized example of this phenomenon can be seen in the case of a group of teenagers attending a single school in Le Roy , New York , who have developed strange movement disorders in rapid succession . Out of the blue , previously normal young people have had their lives devastated by uncontrollable tics , gesticulations and embarrassing verbal outbursts . And no one can find a medical explanation for this horrible state of affairs . N.Y. town still baffled by teens ' mysterious tics If ever there were a story that does n't make sense , this is it . So what should a psychiatrist -- or any other type of doctor for that matter -- do if a story does n't make sense ? Continue to gather information until the real story emerges . How do you know that the real story has finally emerged ? Because it makes sense . Let 's apply that logic to the situation of the afflicted young people of Le Roy . Their symptoms most closely resemble a neurological condition called Tourette 's syndrome . Patients suffering with Tourette 's are bedeviled by a wide variety of nonsensical movements or speech acts that occur involuntarily , and that are called tics . Tics are involuntary but can usually be briefly controlled if a patient concentrates . If you ask a someone with Tourette 's why he or she engages in such odd behavior , you will be told about an intense sense of internal discomfort that is only relieved by doing the tic , and then only briefly . At first glance , Tourette 's syndrome is an attractive explanation for the Le Roy tic epidemic . It occurs in young people . It causes very similar symptoms . And despite its often catastrophic effect on people 's lives , it is not associated with any easily identifiable abnormalities in the brain or body that provide an easy diagnostic test for doctors . It can be diagnosed only by its symptoms . But I can assure you that the young people of Le Roy do not have Tourette 's for one simple reason : It is a rare condition and it is a solitary disorder . Genetic risks for the disorder exist , including a vulnerability to develop a subtle autoimmune condition of the brain following a streptococcal infection in childhood . But Tourette 's is not contagious . It never occurs in an epidemic form such as the mystery illness in New York state . So if the young people of Le Roy do n't have Tourette 's what do they have ? To answer this , we have to ask a follow-up question : What are the most frequent causes of illnesses that occur in groups of people , especially in groups of people in close physical contact ? The answer is clear . Disease epidemics are usually caused by infectious agents , such as viruses or bacteria . If all the people afflicted with an illness live in the same environment , the other possibility is that something in that environment is making them sick . So whenever a doctor hears about a group of people living close to each other in the same location who develop the same disease , his or her first thought should be that the illness has either an infectious or environmental cause . Could toxic chemical be source of tics in NY town ? This fact explains a good deal of why people are so worried about the current tic outbreak . If it has an environmental cause , then other people in the area are at risk . If it has an infectious cause , then we could all be at risk . So why is it almost certainly impossible for the Tourette 's - like outbreak among the young people of Le Roy to be the result of either an infection or the local environment ? Let 's consider the infectious possibility first . Even if you did n't know that all blood tests in the affected young people have been normal , you could effectively rule out infection for one very simple reason : All but one of the people who have developed tics are female , and all but one are teenagers . Have you ever heard of a virus , bacteria or parasite that , in essence , infects only teenage girls ?  Or more exactly , that only causes illness in teenage girls . Why is an environmental cause also not likely ? The school district has conducted fairly rigorous tests of the school environment and found nothing abnormal . That does n't overly impress me , however , because it is always possible to miss a poison that is currently not well understood . Moreover , as the environmental activist Erin Brockovich has made public knowledge , a toxic chemical spill occurred in the area surrounding the school many years ago . But the problem with an environmental explanation is similar to the problem with an infectious one . Why would a poison in the environment almost exclusively target female teenagers ? And unless the poison was brand new in the environment , why would so many people get so terribly sick so quickly ? Why would a toxic spill that occurred years ago only now cause illness , and do it so quickly in such a select population ? When the mystery illness is examined in this way , it becomes apparent why doctors have ascribed it to a psychological condition called conversion disorder . But does this explanation hold up better than infectious or environmental ones ? Surprisingly , the answer is yes . Although we do n't understand what causes conversion disorders , the fact that they exist is indisputable . I 've seen hundreds of them over the years . Taking the ` mystery ' out of conversion disorder The essence of a conversion disorder is the development of a neurological symptom -- such as the tics seen in the young people of Le Roy -- for which no neural abnormality can be found . Typically , a simple neurological exam will confirm that the symptom does n't result from any type of brain or nerve damage . And yet patients with conversion disorder have no conscious sense that the symptom is a production of their brains . That is , they are not manufacturing the problem . They are truly afflicted , and it can be horrible . Only someone who has hypnotized people paralyzed for months and had them hop out of bed and run around the hospital room , or who has conducted "  truth serum " interviews of people unable to speak , only to have them erupt into King 's English , would believe that such bizarre conditions exist . But having conducted these interventions , and more , I can assure you that people can be completely incapacitated by symptoms with no obvious medical cause . There is another reason why conversion disorder is a plausible explanation for the tics of Le Roy . People can catch these conditions from each other . While uncommon , it has been documented many times in history . If this seems strange , consider the fact that we are affected by each other 's thoughts and emotions all the time . Ever had your day ruined by the bad mood of your spouse or your child ? The type of psychogenic contagion that most likely underlies the tic epidemic is far more extreme than these commonplace examples , but falls along the same spectrum . No one likes conversion disorder as an explanation for the tic epidemic . Patients feel insulted , stigmatized and dismissed . Their parents feel dismissed and terrified that something medical has been missed . Everyone involved feels that they are being blamed for the problem . And what doctor worth his or her salt would be truly satisfied with an explanation that tells us nothing about the cause of the disease or how to specifically treat it ? I do n't think anyone has good answers for these questions . Certainly , I do n't . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Raison .	Charles Raison : To untangle the mystery of teenagers ' tics , try to make the symptoms make sense Tourette 's syndrome can be ruled out , since it 's a rare and solitary disorder , he says He says environmental poisons , infection are n't causes because tics affected well-defined group Raison : That leaves psychological cause as most reasonable explanation
CNN  -- Three children allegedly abducted from Southern California by their fathers , who are two brothers , were recovered in the Netherlands and the men arrested , the FBI said . Brothers John and George Silah were sought for abducting their three sons in July 2008 from their homes in Los Angeles , California , according to the FBI . John Silah allegedly kidnapped his son Greg , now 12 , and George Silah is accused of kidnapping his sons Alexander , now 14 , and Zaven , 11 . State arrest warrants were issued for the Silahs on July 31 , 2008 , and federal arrest warrants were issued the following month , authorities said . "  After following domestic and international leads in this investigation , agents with the FBI and detectives with the Los Angeles Police Department directed their focus overseas , " the FBI said in a statement Friday . After the investigation led to Athens , Greece , Greek police conducted "  an exhaustive investigation " that led them to the Netherlands , the FBI said . "  The investigative efforts of law enforcement in Greece and the Netherlands resulted in the identification of the Silah brothers and the victim children . " Authorities in Los Angeles obtained a provisional arrest warrant allowing authorities in the Netherlands to arrest the brothers and recover the children Tuesday , the FBI said . The children were being held by Dutch protective services , and FBI agents will travel with the children 's mothers to the Netherlands , the statement said . The Silah brothers were in Dutch police custody . The mothers of the three boys have issued tearful public pleas for the return of their sons , believing the men may have fled for their native Syria . "  Alex , Zaven , I miss you guys so much , " mother Zanni Kalayejian said in August 2008 at a press conference , according to CNN affiliate KABC . Greg 's mother , Christine Stackhouse , promised at the same press conference , "  I 'm going to come and find you . I 'm going to bring you back home . " Greg 's grandmother , Araxie Jeambart , told KABC after the children were recovered that she wants to see her grandson with her own eyes . "  We have spent so much money , so much time , so much crying , so much suffering , " she said . Stackhouse and Kalayejian were planning to leave for the Netherlands on Saturday , KABC reported .	Three boys went missing in July 2008 , allegedly abducted by their fathers They were recovered Tuesday and their fathers arrested Report : Mothers left Saturday for the Netherlands
CNN  -- Twitter announced Wednesday that it 's adding new photo tagging and collage features . It 's no $ 2 billion purchase of a virtual-reality gaming company , but the update will have an impact on Twitter 's 241 million users who post to the service each month . The change lets you tag up to 10 people in one photo . Previously , you could work around Twitter 's lack of image tags by just mentioning people from the photo in the tweet itself . But with precious few characters to work with , that could gobble up a lot of tweet real estate , especially if you were taking crowded group selfies . Image tagging is not an original idea . Facebook has offered photo tagging features for a long time and Instagram added its own photo-tagging option last year . Twitter also is now making it possible to pack more images into messages with a new collage option that lets you share up to four photos in a single tweet . Select the images and it will tile them into a neat rectangle . Previously you would need a third-party app to make a collage . These are just the latest features to make the jump between major social networks , which happily borrow the most popular aspects of competing services . Last summer , Facebook copied one of Twitter 's best features when it added clickable hashtags to its newsfeed , and it tried to clone Snapchat with its Poke application . When Twitter added short , 6-second videos with its Vine service , Instagram quickly followed suit with 15-second videos . The new Twitter image tags wo n't count against a tweet 's 140-character limit . Any tagged images will pop up under the Interactions tab , just like regular tweets in which you are mentioned . Twitter is rolling out the new features to users starting with its Android and iPhone apps . Once you have the new powers , you can start identifying friends in images by selecting an image and then hitting the "  who 's in this photo ? " link below it . If you 're not comfortable being tagged in images , immediately take a trip to the Twitter privacy settings . The default setting for the photo tagging is "  Allow anyone to tag me in photos . " It can be changed so that only people you already follow can tag you , or it can be turned off completely . It 's also easy to untag yourself from any photos . Tap the three dots below the tweet and select "  Remove tag from photo . " People who have their Twitter accounts set to private can only tag people who follow them , and the default privacy setting for protected accounts is to not allow people to tag them in images at all . If you 've blocked someone on Twitter , they can not tag you .	Twitter has added the ability to tag people in photos The feature is already very familiar to Facebook users , who have had it a long time The default privacy setting lets anyone tag you in an image , but it can be turned off Twitter also adds option to share up to four photos in a single tweet
A few months before the Boston bombings , the suspected mastermind of the terror attack , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , wanted to change his name , a U.S. government official told CNN Wednesday . Tsarnaev , who was shot and killed in a massive manhunt , made an interesting choice for his new name . He wrote that he wanted to switch his first name to Muaz , the last name of Emir Muaz -- a Dagestan insurgent fighting in the Caucasus region of Russia , the official added . Muaz was killed in 2009 . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , the big brother of accused bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , filed that request with U.S. immigration on January 23 , 2013 , as part of his application to become a naturalized U.S. citizen . His brother , Dzhokhar , had already become a naturalized citizen . "  We do n't know why , " the official says . "  There 's no evidence why he wanted to change his name . " Whether it was another indication of his radicalization that led to the marathon bombing is speculation , according to the source . The story was first reported in the Wednesday edition of the Los Angeles Times . The year before the April 15 , 2013 , bombing , Tamerlan Tsarnaev traveled to the restive Dagestan region , hoping to meet with Canadian boxer-turned-jihadist William Plotnikov . Russian troops killed Plotnikov in July 2012 while Tsarnaev was in the region . It 's unclear whether the two men ever came face to face . Tsarnaev flew out of Dagestan two days after Plotnikov was killed and investigators have been looking into whether Tsarnaev left because of Plotnikov 's death , according to another source briefed on the investigation . Authorities also have been investigating whether Tsarnaev had any contact with another militant , Mahmoud Mansur Nidal . The 18-year-old was killed by Russian forces in May 2012 during a gun battle in Makhachkala , Dagestan 's capital . As part of the naturalization process , a form requires a signature acknowledging the applicant will swear allegiance to the United State and might be required to serve in the military . Instead , the official says Tsarnaev printed his first and last name , but crossed out "  Tamerlan " and changed it to "  Muaz . " According to the website www.thinkbabynames.com , the name Tamerlan is derived from Tamerlane , the feared 14th-century warrior who conquered parts of the Middle East and Central Asia . Tamerlane , the name used in the epic Edgar Allan Poe poem , is now more commonly called Timur by historians . Four things we 've learned about the Boston bombings Jeff Bauman , bombing survivor , engaged and expecting a child	Emir Muaz , a Dagestan insurgent fighting in the Caucasus region , was killed in 2009 Tamerlan Tsarnaev filed forms seeking use the fighter 's last name as his first name Official to CNN : "  There 's no evidence why he wanted to change his name "
If you doubt there 's an unwritten code of honor among criminals -- governing certain behavior that 's just not permitted -- consider this : Police say a burglar in southern Spain who stole an old Super 8 camera and tapes from a home discovered to his horror the graphic video content of a man sexually abusing boys . The burglar put three tapes in a brown envelope , hid them under a parked car , and then called police from a public phone , directing them to go find it . Inside the envelope , police found a note with the home address of the suspected pedophile and a message from the burglar : "  I 've had the misfortune that these tapes have fallen into my hands and I feel obligated to turn them in so that you can do your job and put that  expletive  in prison for life . " Spanish national police confirmed Thursday they arrested a 64-year-old suspected child molester this week at his home -- the one that had been burglarized -- in the southern provincial capital of Jaen . The suspect is a local football  soccer  coach who lived alone . He lured some of his young players into watching pornographic videos together , and then sexually abused them , police said . Police have identified four minor boys who were victims of the alleged abuse , including a 16-year-old who may have been abused for six years . The suspected pedophile had reported the burglary at his home to police , listing various electrical appliances that were stolen . But he did n't mention the camera or the tapes , police said . At his home , police said they found other tapes with graphic content of sexual abuse of boys . And yes , they 're still looking for the burglar , the one "  with a conscience , " said a police officer in Jaen .	A burglar in steals an old Super 8 camera and tapes from a home in southern Spain He discovers video of a man sexually abusing boys , gives tapes and address to police Police arrest a suspected child molester at his home , find other tapes showing sex abuse Police have identified four minor boys who were victims of the alleged abuse
CNN  -- After months of speculation and rumors , the Samsung Galaxy S III has finally been revealed , and yes it is more powerful that you could have ever imagined . Likely to be one of "  the " phones of the year , the new handset offers just about all the technology you could wish for in a smartphone . There 's the face recognition , the large screen , and plenty of other features that you 'll be dying to show off to your friends and colleagues at every opportunity . Read more : Samsung unveils Galaxy S III smartphone with face , voice recognition For Samsung it means they truly have a flagship device that can be sung about from the top of the mountain . It 's a device that has the power and capabilities to take on the iPhone 4S , the next iPhone , and pretty much any phone that comes out over the course of the rest of the year . Things could change , but it 's hard to imagine anyone aside from Apple with the capability to create a viable challenger to what Samsung has produced . Great news , you might say . It will sell by the bucket load , and become the de-facto phone for all replacing the iPhone and all that get in its way . Not so fast . The problem the Samsung Galaxy S III will likely face , stopping it becoming the biggest-selling phone of the year , is that all this power , all this might , all this expertise , is likely to be too much for the people who just want a phone . The iPhone is successful not because it features the best screen - it does n't ; not because it features the best design - it does n't ; and not because it uses any of the latest cutting technology - it does n't do that either , but because it is the perfect phone for everyone . Give the iPhone to a 5 year old and they 'll be able to use it . Give the iPhone to a grandparent and they 'll be able to use it . I am not so sure that can be said about the Samsung Galaxy S III and Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich . There is no doubting that the features are impressive and the phone stunning in what it can do , and Samsung has created an amazing product . Nine years ago , Samsung was making clamshell phones with small mono displays and 10-key dial-pads . Today it has made a phone that will be seen as a benchmark for manufacturers . Just think about that for a moment . Of course having a phone for everyone does n't need to matter for Samsung . Unlike Apple , Samsung creates and sells a range of different phones for different people in multiple sizes and shapes . This is the phone for the flag bearers , this is the phone for the early adopters and what Samsung is hoping , will be the phone that its other customers will want to look up to , and eventually have . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stuart Miles .	Miles : Samsung Galaxy S III is the phone for the flag bearers The device offers all the technology you could wish for in a smartphone , he says It has the power to take on the iPhone 4S and any phone that comes out during the year But its might and expertise is likely to be too much for people who just want a phone , says Miles
People wait in long lines and even camp out to get their hands on new Apple devices as soon as they 're available . But they drag their feet , sometimes for years , when it comes to purchasing another piece of technology that could greatly improve their lives : hearing aids . Hearing-aid manufacturers and audiologists hope a new collaboration between them and Apple will help . Danish hearing-aid company GN ReSound last week announced a new hearing aid that 's compatible with the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch . Called LiNX , the device syncs wirelessly with the newest Apple mobile devices and takes advantage of iOS 7 's new accessibility options for the hearing-impaired . At its most basic level , the LiNX acts like a hybrid of hearing aids and stereo Bluetooth headphones . Phone calls , FaceTime chats , music , movies , turn-by-turn navigation or other audio can be streamed directly to a small earpiece . When they 're not pulling in audio from a smartphone or tablet , the hearing aids work like normal , picking up in-person conversations and surrounding sounds . Apple worked closely with ReSound on the hearing aid and assisted them in publicizing its launch . And this being Apple , there are plenty of bells and whistles packed into the device . A feature called Live Listen turns an iOS device into microphone . If someone 's in a loud environment -- a busy meeting , a sporting event , a noisy car -- and wants to focus on one person 's voice and cut down on background noise , they can get a stream directly from the smartphone 's mic to their ears .  This feature has the potential for some fun eavesdropping mischief . Using GPS , you can save custom settings for a specific location , say a movie theater or your cubicle at work , and get a pop-up notification on your mobile device asking whether you 'd like to switch every time you return to that spot . Do n't remember where you left your hearing aids ? Use a phone or tablet to locate them . Apple and the device 's makers hope it will encourage more people with hearing loss to get help earlier . "  Right now , people wait about eight years on average between the time they think they have a hearing problem and when they see someone about it , " said audiologist Dr. Ken Smith . More than 36 million people in the U.S. have some hearing loss , according to the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders , but only one out of five people who need a hearing aid actually have one . Smith attributes this gap to antiquated stereotypes of hearing aids . People still picture the hardware as it was many years ago : large and obvious , making embarrassing whistling and beeping sounds , and ineffective at filtering out background noise . But today 's models are quieter , discreet and more effective . And sprinkling a bit of Apple 's magic on the devices could help decrease the stigma of wearing them . "  The association with Apple is going to make a great difference in getting people in the door in the first place , " Smith said . Even the most advanced current hearing aids can still draw unwanted attention when wearers must reach to change the settings . For many hearing-impaired people , the biggest advantage of Apple-ized hearing aids is being able to control the devices ' settings directly from a phone . With Apple integration , wearers can make adjustments as easily as they can check e-mail or watch a video . Basic settings like battery life and volume are built directly into the iOS 7 operating system . More advanced settings such as treble and bass can be set using the more complicated ReSound app . It 's been possible for people to operate their hearing aids via custom remote controls and even link them to smartphones , but that has required an intermediary piece of hardware , most often a small , clunky box worn around the neck . Now , using a combination of Bluetooth and a proprietary Apple protocol , the LiNX hearing aids can communicate directly with Apple mobile devices . Flashy features aside , just being able to make calls on a smartphone is a big step . "  Cell phone calls are something that are very difficult for hearing aids to do , " said Laurel Christensen , chief audiologist at ReSound , who helped develop the device . Smith , who is hearing-impaired himself and was part of an early test group using the hearing aids , said he used to avoid talking on his smartphone . When he did take a call , he would push the volume up on his phone and then place the receiver above his hearing aid , searching for the elusive sweet spot where he could best hear the caller . Now , he says , he actually prefers that people call him on his cell . The hearing aids are still specialized medical devices , meaning you wo n't find them on the shelves of your local Apple store . Customers must have their hearing tested and get fitted for the devices by an audiologist . And they 're not cheap : A single LiNX hearing aid can cost about $ 3,000 . Apple added support for the new technology when it released iOS 7 last year , but these are the first hearing aids to actually work with many of the system 's accessibility features . Because of the specialized technology , a third-party hearing-aid maker ca n't just jump in and create devices that work with iOS without partnering directly with Apple . ReSound executives have not revealed whether they are developing hearing aids for Android devices or other platforms . ReSound worked on this specific technology for almost two years , so other companies might have some catching up to do . However long it takes , this marriage of medical and consumer technology is the first step into a welcome future for hearing-impaired people . "  This is the first generation , but there 's no doubt that what we can do by marrying a phone and a hearing aid will explode , " Christensen said .	Apple and Danish company ReSound have teamed up on a new hearing aid The technology pairs with the latest iPhone , iPad and iPod touch Wearers can stream stereo audio from their mobile devices directly to their ears Doctors and manufacturers hope Apple 's integration will do away with hearing aid stigmas
CNN  -- King Albert II of Belgium is abdicating his throne , effective July 21 , he announced Wednesday . His son Crown Prince Philippe will succeed him , he said in a nationally televised address . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso issued a statement about the move . "  It is with deep emotion that I hear the announcement of the abdication of His Majesty King Albert II . On behalf of the European Commission and on my own behalf , I wish to express to him my sincere thanks for his tireless efforts in the service of Belgium and Europe , " the statement read . Throughout his 20-year reign , Albert "  has never ceased to be a staunch defender of the values that are the basis of the European construction , " the statement said . Willem-Alexander takes Dutch throne after mother abdicates Opinion : Why Queen Elizabeth wo n't step down	King Albert II 's abdication will be effective on July 21 His son Crown Prince Philippe will succeed him European Commission president praises King Albert in a statement
CNN Student News  -- January 6 , 2014 Happy New Year , and welcome back to CNN Student News ! Our first show of 2014 kicks off much like the year itself , with views of fireworks from around the world . We also bring students up to speed on other stories making headlines , from an Arctic blast to a mystery involving eagles . And we take a look at what 's ahead for the U.S. Congress . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What information might audiences get from news reports that look ahead ? What challenges might exist to producing this kind of report ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . sea ice 2 . unemployment benefits 3 . West Nile virus Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the report , how can ships get stuck in sea ice ? How do icebreakers work ? 2 . What are some of the issues facing the U.S. Congress as its members head back into session this week ? 3 . What do scientists believe is responsible for the deaths of dozens of bald eagles in Utah ? How did the scientists come to this conclusion ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How do you mark the start of a new year ? Do you resolve to do anything better or differently ? Explain . 2 . What issue  s  would you like to see your U.S. senator or representative make the top priority this session ? Why ? 3 . What general steps do you think that scientists might take to determine what is causing a plant or animal species to die out ? Why might they choose to rule out possible causes first ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page contains the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , share your feedback about the show and curriculum
CNN  -- Police arrested an Indian man for "  violating public decency " and breaching modesty laws after he dressed in traditional Arab women 's clothing and slipped into a women-only park in Sharjah , one of the United Arab Emirates . It was not clear if the man 's moustache might have been a weak point in his disguise . Read more : Are these shorts too short ? Foreigners told to cover up in UAE Officers arrested the man Friday after multiple complaints from visitors saying they spotted a man walking around the park in women 's clothing . A mug shot of the man wearing a headscarf and an abaya , a traditional loose-fitting black garment , has been released by police and widely circulated in the local press . The man , identified only by his initials , R.S.R , violated "  principles of public decency and societal customs and authentic Arab Islamic traditions , " Sharjah Police said in a news release issued Saturday . Read more : Islamic fashion lets women cover up in style It was later discovered that the man had been living in the country illegally and his case has been transferred to the public prosecutor 's office , police said . The man is in custody and has not been available for comment . Police would not reveal if he has a lawyer , saying only that the case is now with the public prosecutor . The emirate of Sharjah is only 10 miles from its glitzy neighbor , Dubai , but is much more conservative . The third largest emirate in the UAE , Sharjah is known for enforcing a strict dress code under which residents have to be attired decently by Islamic standards . Ladies-only parks , beaches and clubs are common .	An Indian man is accused of "  violating public decency " in Sharjah , part of UAE He donned women 's clothing and sneaking into a women-only park It was not clear if his moustache might have been a weak point in his disguise
CNN  -- A college student in Nigeria has been sentenced to 19 years in prison for scamming an Australian woman out of $ 47,000 online by pretending to be a widowed white businessman desperately in love with her . A court in Ikeja in southwest Nigeria ruled that Lawal Adekunie Nurudeen will also have to pay back the 56-year-old woman , even if it meant selling the two plots of land and the Honda Prelude he bought with her money . Nurudeen was an engineering student when he met the woman online in 2007 , said the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , Nigeria 's anti-corruption police . The woman lamented that she was looking for a husband but had been disappointed in the men she had met . "  The convict , who is married with three children , instantly applied and told the victim that she had met Mr. Right , " the commission said in a statement . Nurudeen pretended to be a 57-year-old British engineer working with a multinational company in Nigeria . He told her his wife and only child had died in a road accident in Lagos , the former capital of the country . "  He sent the picture of a white man to the victim to foreclose any suspicions , " police said . The woman agreed to marry him . A few weeks later , Nurudeen called the woman pretending to be a doctor . He told her that her fiance had been in an accident and needed money for treatment . The woman obliged , the commission said . Nurudeen let two weeks pass . He then called the woman again , thanking her profusely for her kindness and telling her that he would like to visit her in Australia . He asked her for airfare , cash for customs clearance and other incidentals , police said . Authorities did not say how Nurudeen was caught . But he duped the woman of $ 47,000 before his arrest , the commission said . Scammers in Nigeria have gained a reputation for using the Internet to con foreign nationals out of money . Some of the scams have earned the name "  419 " after the clause in the Nigerian criminal code that deals with obtaining property under false pretense .	Police : Nurudeen was engineering student when he met the woman online in 2007 Nurudeen pretended to be a British engineer working in Nigeria Authorities do not say how he was caught
CNN  -- Two prisoners have confessed to digging a tunnel that led to the escape of 63 inmates last week , Yemen 's state-run SABA news agency reported Sunday . Dozens of suspected al Qaeda militants escaped Wednesday from a jail in the Yemeni city of Mukalla , a senior security official said . An Interior Ministry official said 63 members of al Qaeda had managed to break out of Almakla prison , according to SABA . He said three inmates were killed , another two were arrested , and a prison guard was killed . He asked to remain anonymous because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Some of the escapees had already been convicted ; others were awaiting trial , the official told SABA . They escaped through a 35-meter  115-foot  tunnel , he said . Witnesses said armed militants began attacking the prison at about 8 a.m. and fired heavy artillery before the escape . The prison warden , his deputy and a number of guards have been suspended for questioning , SABA said Sunday . Mohammed Qahtan , spokesman for Yemen 's largest opposition bloc , Joint Meetings Parties , said he thinks security officials loyal to the ruling family are responsible for the escape and that the government would create chaos to stay in power . Yemen has been consumed by unrest for months as protesters have demanded an end to President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's rule . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Saleh and other senior officials were wounded June 3 in an attack on the mosque at the presidential palace and taken to Saudi Arabia for treatment . In recent days , the Yemeni government 's control has been receding , said Christopher Boucek , an associate in the Middle East program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  There are instances where you can say that the Yemeni government is instigating some of this chaos -- with the goal to demonstrate to the United States , Saudi Arabia and others that this regime -- the government of President Saleh -- is the best to fight al Qaeda . " Boucek said the Yemeni government is more concerned with protecting itself from the popular revolt than with going after al Qaeda . As a result , he said , the government has repositioned its counter-terrorism forces , retreating from areas such as Abyan province where it had lost ground and circling the wagons . However , a Yemeni official briefed on security operations rejected Boucek 's conclusion . "  What about the blood of 66 soldiers ? " he said , citing the number of soldiers who he said have died in Abyan province alone in recent weeks . Another 291 soldiers have been wounded in operations there that killed six of the most wanted al Qaeda operatives and 40 other militants , he said . The United States has been aiding Yemen 's military in its fight against Islamic militants amid fears that al Qaeda is exploiting the political chaos and leadership vacuum engulfing the unstable and impoverished Arabian Peninsula country . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Brian Todd contributed to this story .	Interior ministry official : 63 members of al Qaeda escaped last week , according to SABA State media : A prison warden and guards are suspended and being questioned An opposition bloc spokesman says he thinks ruling family loyalists are responsible He says he thinks the government would create chaos to stay in power
Actress Melissa McCarthy recently told Redbook that she asked multiple designers to make her a dress two Oscar seasons ago . They all said no . She was disappointed . "  I do n't understand why if you 're a certain size , designers think your taste level goes down , " she said in the interview . But then , frustrated by the lack of options , she took matters in her own hands , working with a designer on her own gowns . She will debut an original line of plus-sized clothing next spring . Body shaming is a part of American culture , at once abhorrent and everywhere . Women are shamed for being fat , skinny , tall , short , flat chested , busty , too plain , too sexy . But lately , there seems to be a different response , similar to McCarthy 's -- frustration followed by acceptance and moving on . Modern women are saying , sure , looks may matter . But they 're not that big of a deal , just one aspect of a complex person who can be described in a number of ways : my size is not all of who I am . One way women , particularly celebrity women , have stood up to fat shaming has been to disregard the comments and name calling , refusing to be called "  fat " or stating a certain pride in their bodies . After designer Karl Lagerfeld called British singer Adele "  a little too fat , " she told People magazine that she embraced her curves . "  I 've never wanted to look like models on the cover of magazines , " she said . "  I represent the majority of women , and I 'm very proud of that . " The public is also showing their appreciation . When Mekayla Diehl , Miss Indiana USA , showed off her bikini body , Twitter responded in praise of her "  normal " body . And not all women are afraid of the word "  fat , " or necessarily proud of how they look . That 's OK , too . In a recent episode of "  Louie , " the character Vanessa , played by actress Sarah Baker , put it this way to the show 's titular character , played by comedian Louis C.K. : "  The meanest thing you can say to a fat girl ? It 's ` you 're not fat . ' " Louis C.K. 's ` Fat Girl ' strikes a nerve The line was part of a nearly seven-minute speech about society 's persistent fat shaming and the double standards that make it "  adorable " for a man to admit he 's overweight , yet something closer to pathetic for a women to do the same . As Vanessa says , "  It 's too much for people . ... they call the suicide hotline on me . " Being fat , after all , is still viewed as the most horrible , devastating thing a woman could be -- a date with a destiny comprised of a houseful of cats . Check your ` cat-lady ' preconceptions about childless women As Vanessa tells Louie in that episode , being fat "  sucks , " but it 's just one thing about her . She 's also funny , fun , smart and confident . She has a good job . She does n't need to call on euphemisms to describe how she looks . She 's not "  full-figured . " She 's not curvy or plus-size . She 's fat . It might not be the best thing about her , but it 's also not the worst thing . And it might be the most important message women , and men , have heard so far . Women used to shy away from calling themselves overweight as a way to protest thin culture and rebel against society 's fixation on what women look like and what size jeans they wear . But the truth is that the focus on appearance is not going away , least of all for women . We live in a time when tabloids routinely question whether female celebrities are pregnant and dissect their bikini bodies . And yet a male celebrity can run around on the beach with a bit of a pooch and a girl 15 years his junior and no one talks about how liberated he is for "  embracing his flaws " nor about his transformation when , months later , he loses the extra weight . Female celebrities , though , get covers and four-page features on the topic . So instead of ignoring their weight , pretending it does n't exist or does n't matter to them or to anyone else , McCarthy , Baker and other modern women are acknowledging and owning it -- then dismissing its significance . And that 's even more powerful .	Recent moments in pop culture show women taking a novel approach toward fat-shaming Peggy Drexler notes that body shaming is a part of American culture Women are acknowledging their weight , then dismissing its significance , she says
CNN  -- Al-Jazeera broadcast on Thursday an audiotape on which a voice identified as Osama bin Laden declares "  Iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine . " Terrorist leader Osama bin Laden spoke on a video released by al Qaeda in September . The voice calls on "  Muslims in neighboring countries " to "  do their best in supporting their mujahedeen brothers in Iraq . " "  My speech to you is about the siege of Gaza and the way to liberate it , " he said . "  The Gaza siege is a direct result of Annapolis , " he adds , apparently referring to the site of November 's summit in Annapolis , Maryland , where Israeli and Palestinian leadership agreed to work toward a two-state plan . He accused Arabs who supported the plan of having become "  partners in this horrendous crime . " And he predicted , "  Palestine will be restored to us , with God 's permission , when we wake up from our slumber and adhere to our faith and sacrifice our souls and belongings for it . " The speaker called for armed revolt in the Middle East . "  Palestine and its people have been suffering from too much bitterness for almost a century now on the hands of the Christians and the Jews . And both parties did n't take Palestine from us by negotiations and dialogue , but with arms and fire , and this is the only way to take it back , " he said . Though the voice sounds like bin Laden , CNN has not been able to confirm that it is him . However , a radical Islamist Web site reported earlier Wednesday that a statement from bin Laden was coming soon . The notice appeared on Al-Ekhlaas , known for carrying statements and videos from al Qaeda and its allies . Analysis of previous statements has indicated that bin Laden was the speaker , and a U.S. intelligence official said there was no reason to think the recorded voice was not bin Laden 's . The broadcast comes a day after another statement attributed to the al Qaeda leader condemned European countries for siding with the United States in Afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to Islam 's prophet , Mohammed . "  This is the greater and more serious tragedy , and the reckoning for it will be more severe , " the speaker in the five-minute audio recording says . The speaker said Muslims have not responded by mocking Jesus , whom they consider a prophet as well . "  The laws of men which clash with the legislation of Allah the Most High are null and void , are n't sacred and do n't matter to us , " he said . The speaker dismissed claims of free speech in his statement , citing European countries ' laws against denying the existence of the Holocaust . Bin Laden also said in his earlier message that "  the crownless king in Riyadh " -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah -- could have prevented the publication of the cartoons "  if it mattered to him . " "  If there is no check on the freedom of your words , then let your hearts be open to the freedom of our actions , " he said . Bin Laden , who was behind the terrorist network 's September 11 attacks , has been in hiding since the U.S. assault on Afghanistan that followed those strikes . His last public statement was an audio message issued in December , when he urged his followers in Iraq to continue battling U.S. troops there . Wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . The latest statement included no date reference beyond the cartoon controversy , which began in late 2005 when a Danish newspaper published a dozen cartoons about Islam , including one that depicted Mohammed wearing a turban resembling a bomb . Violent protests erupted in early 2006 after other European newspapers reprinted the images as a matter of free speech . Some Muslims believe it is forbidden by the Quran to show an image of the prophet at all , and others were offended that the cartoon by artist Kurt Westergaard appeared to depict Mohammed as a terrorist . Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror . Several newspapers in Denmark reprinted the controversial cartoons in February after Danish authorities arrested several people who were said to be plotting a "  terror-related assassination " of the cartoonist . That sparked violent protests in three Afghan cities this month , with Muslim students burning flags and chanting anti-Western statements . The message said the publication of the drawings in question "  came in the framework of a new crusade in which the Pope of the Vatican has played a large , lengthy role . " Pope Benedict is scheduled to visit the United States next month , with scheduled stops at the White House , the United Nations and Ground Zero , where the Twin Towers stood until al Qaeda 's attack . Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne of the New York City Police Department said the department "  has been working closely with the United States Secret Service to provide the highest level of protection possible " during the Pope 's visit to New York . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Octavia Nasr and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : Speaker : My speech is about "  siege of Gaza and the way to liberate it " NEW : Iraq base is ideal "  to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine , " he says NEW : Bin Laden allegedly urges support for "  mujahedeen brothers in Iraq " The identity of the speaker has not been confirmed by CNN
CNN  -- U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi reversed her opposition to a vote on offshore drilling on "  Larry King Live " on Monday night , saying she would consider a vote if it were part of a larger energy package . U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi urges the release of oil from strategic reserves as a way to bring down gas prices . Pelosi and fellow House Democrats have staunchly opposed Republicans ' request for a vote on the drilling . Some Republicans stayed in chambers after Congress adjourned for the session , making speeches on energy policies , in an attempt to get Democrats to come back for a vote . Reacting to Pelosi 's remarks , House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said the speaker should call the House of Representatives back from its summer recess immediately if she is sincere about a vote on off-shore drilling . "  Our message to Speaker Pelosi is very simple : We are ready to vote on more energy production and lower gas prices right now , and we should not wait one more day to begin giving the American people the relief they expect and deserve , " Boehner said . "  If you meant what you said last night , we welcome you and your Democratic colleagues to join us in our historic call to action on American energy . " On Monday night , Pelosi said the vote would need to be part of a larger discussion that would include investing in renewable energy resources and releasing oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve . Those options would help bring both immediate and long-lasting solutions to the energy crisis , she said . In her interview with King , Pelosi talked about what the government and country needs to do to avert the energy crisis and quickly bring down gas prices . The following is an edited version of the interview : Larry King : OK , Madam Speaker , author of "  Know Your Power , " why do n't you bring -LSB- Congress -RSB- back ? Speaker Nancy Pelosi : Well , it 's interesting to hear Sen. -LSB- John -RSB- McCain talk about bringing Congress back . He was n't even in Congress this last session when we really had two very important bills on energy -- one to give tax credit for wind , solar and other renewable resources , and another about hybrid cars and the rest . So he was n't in to vote when were in session and now he 's saying call it back in . And then one of the others said to the president , call Congress back in . And the president said no . The president said no . But the point is this : The American people are suffering . We have to do what is best for them . How do we bring down the prices at the pump ? We have said to the president , the fastest way to do this if in 10 days the price can come down if you will free our oil . Over 700 million barrels of oil the president is sitting on of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve . No. 1 , free our oil . No. 2 , they want to drill . If they want to drill , we have 68 million acres in the Lower 48 that they can drill in that are permitted and all the rest . Three , stop the speculation . Four , renew -- invest in renewable energy resources , which will bring a faster return than drilling offshore , which will take 10 years and produce 2 cents ' reduction in 10 years off the price at the pump . And then use natural gas . Natural gas is so plentiful . It 's better for the environment , and it is cheaper . So there are things that Congress can do , and we have voted on this over and over again . But the Republicans and the president have resisted . Instead , they have this thing that says drill offshore in the protected areas . Well , we can do that . We can have a vote on that . But it has to be part of something that says we want to bring immediate relief to the public and not just a hoax on them . King : Would you vote yes on a package that includes drilling ? Pelosi : I would not . It depends how the drilling is put forth . But I do n't -- that is not excluded , let me say it that way . It depends how that is proposed , if the safeguards are there . Now , mind you , 68 million acres -- 10 million more acres in Alaska where they can drill . But if there 's -- if we can get some great things , in terms of renewable energy resources : a renewable electricity standard , wind , solar , biofuels and the rest in that context , because if you make a decision only to go with the offshore drilling , you are increasing our dependence on fossil fuels , and you will never free yourself of that addiction unless you invest in the renewable energy resources that are good for the environment , cheaper for the consumer and will reverse global warming . And the consumer is our first responsibility . The American taxpayer owns this oil offshore , by the way . Let me make this one final point . This oil is owned by the American taxpayers . The oil companies drill . We give them money to drill there . But we get very little in return . So I think as we have this debate , which is a very healthy one to have and I welcome it ; we have to review and realign the relationship between our oil , Big Oil 's profits and what it means to the consumer and the taxpayer . King : Do you expect -- do you suspect the oil companies of having a lot of clout here , influence over the Republicans ? Pelosi : Of course . Yes , they rule . And that 's what we 'll find out . King : They rule ? Pelosi : When we have this vote , when we really define it and where the choice is clear to the American people -- I mean , do you know what -- Exxon Mobil , their last quarter , their profits were historic . Last year , they were historic . They outdid themselves this year already in this second quarter . And they insist that we pay them to drill . They need an incentive to drill in order to make over $ 11 billion in one quarter . And it just does n't make sense . We should be using that money to invest in renewable resources , tax credit for wind and solar , etc. and invest in the technologies that will develop the battery and the rest , instead of giving Big Oil more profits . King : Do you expect to get a big enough majority in the Senate and House for the Democrats to overcome anything and get through your proposals ? Pelosi : Well , I hope we can do some of it before we even leave this session . I think we can -- hopefully , we can do something before December . I will not subscribe to a hoax on the American people that if you drill offshore , you 're going to bring down the price at the pump . Even the president says that 's not true . Ten years , two cents -- we 're saying 10 days , bring down the price , if the president would free our oil from the Strategic Petroleum -LSB- Reserve -RSB- -- from our stockpile -- owned by the taxpayers , purchased by the taxpayers . In the next election , I know that we will strengthen our majorities , increase their numbers , and we will have a Democratic president in the White House , and we will be able to address more fully really what I think is the challenge to our generation -- energy security and global warming .	NEW : House minority leader calls for immediate vote on offshore drilling House speaker says she 'd be open for a vote on drilling as part of a larger package Pelosi : Releasing oil from strategic reserves would quickly reduce gas prices "  We should be using that money to invest in renewable resources , " Pelosi says
Something tells us Joan Rivers would laugh about this . On Friday , the famed comedian , who died September 4 at age 81 , appeared to post to her Facebook account , praising the new iPhone 6 and announcing her plans to buy one . "  This badass is being replaced by an iPhone 6  not the fat one  , " someone wrote , in Rivers ' trademark irreverent style , in a post that accompanied a photo of an iPhone 4S Friday morning . It was quickly deleted . Rivers died five days before the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus  "  the fat one "  were introduced . 6 must-have apps for the iPhone 6 It 's not unusual for publicists or other representatives of celebrities to post for them on social media . The may have been written earlier and scheduled for release Friday , the day the new iPhones hit stores . Whoever wrote the post had a little more trouble than just posting as a dead woman about a product she was highly unlikely to have ever seen . In it , "  Rivers " writes : "  I got this one in 2010 , and after 4 years , my only complaint is that apps are now designed for bigger screens , and the battery is getting tired . " The iPhone 4S was released in 2011 . As is usually the case in the Internet age , deleting the post did nothing to keep it from being screen-captured and shared widely on social media , where people had some fun with Rivers , who in later years joked frequently about her own death . "  iPhone is so big , Joan Rivers came back from the dead to endorse it , " one Twitter user wrote . "  Joan Rivers talking about the iPhone 6 ... Maybe The Cloud is more than we think , " wrote another .	Joan Rivers appears to post on Facebook about the iPhone 6 Comedian died on September 4 at age 81 iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were n't announced until September 9
Dr. Mehmet Oz has been under fire recently for promoting weight loss products on TV 's "  The Dr. Oz Show " that are n't backed by a lot of scientific evidence . Now a study supporting one of those products , diet pills made with green coffee bean extract , has been withdrawn by its lead researchers . "  The sponsors of the study can not assure the validity of the data so we , Joe Vinson and Bryan Burnham , are retracting the paper , " the pair of scientists posted online . The small study , published in 2012 in the journal Diabetes , Metabolic Syndrome and Obesity : Targets and Therapy , found that the main ingredient in green coffee beans helped human participants lose , on average , 18 pounds over 22 weeks . It was funded by Applied Food Sciences Inc. . This year , the Federal Trade Commission filed a complaint  PDF  against the company , saying it paid researchers in India to conduct a trial on Green Coffee Antioxidant . The FTC says the study 's unnamed lead investigator "  repeatedly :  1  altered the weights and other key measurements of the subjects ;  2  changed the length of the trial ; and  3  confused which subjects took either the placebo or GCA at various points during the trial . " In the complaint , the FTC says that Applied Food Sciences asked Vinson and Burnham to write up the India researcher 's study results for publication but that the pair of scientists never reviewed the raw data , despite noting several discrepancies in the data sets they received . "  We retracted the paper because of an error in one of  the  data points on the BMI graph and because , as the FTC pointed out to us , there was inadequate disclosure of diet restrictions on the subjects and inadequate disclosure of the blinding procedures for the supplements given the subjects , " Vinson and Burnham said in a joint statement Thursday . The researchers added that while they did not have the raw data collections , they did seek clarification from the India researcher on how the study was conducted and "  at no time did we suspect the data provided were fraudulent . " "  Applied Food Sciences knew or should have known that this botched study did n't prove anything , " Jessica Rich , director of the FTC 's Bureau of Consumer Protection , said after the company settled with the FTC in September . "  In publicizing the results , it helped fuel the green coffee phenomenon . " The FTC says Oz also played a role in promoting the diet pills . Oz was grilled by a Senate panel in June over the weight loss products being publicized on his show . "  In prior seasons , we covered Green Coffee Extract and its potential as a useful tool for weight loss , " the show posted on its website this week . "  Recently the authors of the peer reviewed research paper on which our coverage had been partially based formally retracted their study . While this sometimes happens in scientific research , it indicates that further study is needed regarding any potential benefits of Green Coffee Extract . "	Small study says green coffee bean extract aids weight loss The FTC says lead researcher altered the results Study authors retract the diet pill study , saying sponsors ca n't assure validity of data Dr. Oz has promoted diet pills with green coffee bean extract on his show
CNN  -- A French Mirage 2000 jet fighter collided with a Lithuanian plane during a training mission Tuesday in Lithuania , the French Defense Ministry said . No one was hurt during the training exercise at an air force base in Siauliai , Northern Lithuania , military officials from both countries said . Two French jet fighters and and a Lithuanian jet trainer were in the air when one of the jet fighters collided with the Lithuanian plane , officials said . Both pilots of the Lithuanian L-39 Albatross ejected and are safe . Their plane crashed . The French jet landed , Lithuanian officials said .	French plane collides with Lithuanian plane during training exercise No one is hurt
Washington  CNN  -- The presidential campaign fundraising numbers being reported paint a picture of what 's to come over the 13 months until the 2012 election : A flood of television ads , cross-country bus tours and a lot of handshakes . Money drives a campaign , and fundraising is a signal of its strength . It also allows campaigns to get ahead in the media wars -- on TV , radio , online , in the mail -- and on-the-ground grassroots outreach . President Barack Obama 's campaign has pledged to raise an eye-popping $ 1 billion for his re-election campaign -- an unheard of figure in American politics -- Obama 's campaign raised nearly $ 750 million for the 2008 election . To put that into perspective , Republican presidential candidate John McCain raised $ 239 million from donors and received $ 84 million collected from public funds -- something that Obama chose not to participate in . So why does it cost so much to campaign for election in the United States ? Bigger country = bigger money "  America is the largest democracy in the world and that 's going to cost a lot of money to express yourself and get your message out , get the vote out , get people to support you and put in  campaign  infrastructure , " said Republican strategist Ron Bonjean . In order for a candidate to reach all 50 states within an election cycle , a trove of money will be needed to cover that much ground . And then there 's length of U.S. campaigns . Keith Boykin , a Democratic strategist and former staffer on Bill Clinton 's successful 1992 campaign , said the length of the U.S. election cycle dictates that candidates must pile up funds to survive the long haul . "  If you 're running for prime minister in Britain , you do n't spend a year and a half or two years running for office , " he said . "  The election is called and the opposition party decides it 's going to mount a campaign and you have a concentrated time to focus on that . "  Under Britain 's parliamentary system , the party with the most votes becomes the ruling party , and that in turn determines who becomes the prime minister  . In Britain , a law known as the Political Parties , Elections and Referendums Act 2000 regulates campaign spending -- anything from party political broadcasts , advertising , rallies and even "  issuing disparaging material relating to another party or its candidates , " according to the government 's website . In 2010 , the parties and their candidates were regulated by time frames : The "  long campaign " -- from January 1 to April 12 when Parliament was dissolved  $ " and the "  short campaign " from the dissolution of Parliament through election day . According to the website , the long campaign had a limit of 25,000 pounds  about $ 39,000  and 7,150 pounds  about $ 11,200  for the short campaign . The ad wars Television advertising is by far the most expensive item in a campaign 's budget . Air time in major markets in key swing states can cost a campaign millions of dollars . Obama spent much of his money in 2008 advertising in large -- and expensive -- markets in battleground states . The eventual Republican nominee will have to blanket those markets , too . And that 's when big Republican donors will come calling , Bonjean said . "  A lot of wealthy donors are waiting on the sidelines waiting to see who the Republican candidate is going to be to get behind , " Bonjean said . "  Once that happens it will be very competitive with President Obama . " Bonjean believes that Republicans will be successful in attracting younger voters and small donors this time around -- something Obama capitalized on in 2008 . Boykin said the fear for the Obama campaign is that because the economy is weak and Republicans are eager , if not desperate , to replace him , he has to cover all his bases . He needs the support not only of his liberal base but moderates and independents , too -- and do everything he can to get his message out . "  Part of the problem he has had as president is that despite very effective communication effort as a campaigner , he has n't been effective in communicating his successes while he 's been governing , " he said . "  And he 's going to have to do that more effectively in the coming months . " It 's not just TV ads that deplete a campaign 's bank account -- it 's the entire get-out-the-vote effort . "  I think elections have become more costly because more money is spent on television advertising , on a national campaign infrastructure ... campaign planes , the buses , the whole movement from city to city , " Bonjean said . In countries such as Britain , France , Mexico and Spain , for example , candidates can blanket media markets with less money . And there are restrictions in some countries on how many ads can air . Big vs. small Obama 's campaign was able to raise $ 42.8 million between July and the end of September , an Obama campaign aide told CNN . Between the campaign and the Democratic National Committee , they raised more than $ 70 million in the third quarter . Some Democratic sources had earlier expected the combined total to be $ 55 million . Read more on Obama 's fundraising numbers The $ 42 million figure most likely will be close to or exceed the total raised by all of the Republican presidential candidates together for this quarter . Of numbers released by Republican campaigns before they have to formally submit their fundraising to the Federal Elections Commission , Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's campaign said it raised $ 17 million , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 's campaign estimated it raised between $ 11 million and $ 14 million and Texas Rep. Ron Paul 's campaign said it raised around $ 8 million . Other Republican campaigns did not release their figures ahead of the deadline . In the second quarter -- running between April and June -- Obama 's campaign was able to raise a record-setting $ 87 million . The campaign released a list of more than 270 fundraisers -- so-called "  bundlers " -- who helped bring in at least $ 50,000 for the campaign and the joint Obama for America-Democratic National Committee victory fund . In addition , 31 people raised more than $ 500,000 including Hollywood producer Jeffrey Katzenberg , Vogue Editor Anna Wintour and former New Jersey Gov. and U.S. Sen. Jon Corzine . Bundlers are an integral part of campaign fundraising efforts , since individual donations are limited . While federal election law requires campaigns to disclose the names of donors of more than $ 250 , there is no requirement to reveal the names of bundlers . Obama was able to rake in a large part of his 2008 campaign funds from a swath of small donors -- most of them young . This year he is hoping to get those donors back . Shortly after he announced his 2012 campaign in early April , his staff reported around 23,000 small donors -- who typically give anywhere from $ 25 to $ 100 -- gave to the campaign . "  Obama was largely successful at getting small donors through the social media phenomenon created around his campaign , " Bonjean said . "  Now the Republicans are mimicking that . So I think they 'll be much more competitive with that . " Where 's it coming from ? Boykin and other activists believe that too many politicians are guided by special interest groups and wealthy donors -- not the average American Joe . "  We have a campaign financing system that is a grotesque way out of touch with reality of the American people , " Boykin said . "  You have to be wealthy or in touch with the very wealthy in order to get elected to almost any political office -- not just the presidency . Because of that , corporations and outside groups tend to have a large influence in our elections . And on January 11 , the Supreme Court ruled that big business , unions and nonprofits now have more power to spend freely in federal elections . A 5-4 conservative majority crafted a narrow overhaul of federal campaign spending . The justices eased long-standing restrictions on "  independent spending " by corporations and unions in political campaigns . Read more about the case Shortly after the ruling , Obama blasted the decision saying "  the special interests and their lobbyists even more power in Washington -- while undermining the influence of average Americans who make small contributions to support their preferred candidates . " Boykin added that there seems to be a concerted effort to protect the corporate interests and the moneyed interests "  because those are the people who write the rules . " The past is the past The Federal Elections Commission has a breakdown of presidential campaign receipts  in millions of dollars  going back to the 1996 presidential race , that shows how dramatically campaign fundraising and spending has multiplied in a short time : 2004 George W. Bush : $ 269.6 John Kerry : $ 234.6 2000 Bush : $ 95.5 Al Gore : $ 48.1 1996 Bill Clinton : $ 42.5 Bob Dole : $ 44.9 CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Bill Mears and Rob Yoon contributed to this report .	President Obama is out on the campaign trail raising money for his re-election bid Obama is shooting for hauling in $ 1 billion for the 2012 race Strategists says this race could be the most expensive one ever
The mystery congressman responsible for the inclusion of language in the $ 1.1 trillion dollar spending bill that caused a progressive outcry is coming forward to defend the provision . The measure weakens banking regulations designed to prevent another financial crisis . Critics of the language , such as Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren , claim the provision could invite another fiscal meltdown and was essentially written by the U.S. banking giant , Citigroup . In a statement to CNN , Rep. Kevin Yoder , R-Kansas , insisted the provision included in the spending bill would not lead to a collapse on Wall Street , followed by a bailout from taxpayers . "  The amendment does not address the riskier derivatives associated with the mortgage crisis , " Yoder said in the statement . "  Other backstops exist in Dodd-Frank to prevent a bailout based on those instruments . " As the spending bill , dubbed the CRomnibus by Capitol Hill insiders , was debated in Congress last week , Warren blasted the banking provision as a "  loophole " that would allow Wall Street to gamble with taxpayer money . "  This giveaway that was drafted by Citigroup lobbyists has no place in a critical government funding bill , " Warren said in a speech on the Senate floor that once again stirred speculation the Massachusetts Democrat may run for the presidency . A spokesman for Yoder acknowledged the wording of the amendment essentially came from a stand-alone bill that passed the House last year . "  We got the language from HR 992 , " a Yoder aide told CNN . That legislation , HR 992 , was partially written by lobbyists for Citigroup , according to emails obtained by The New York Times . The bill , which was never voted on in the Senate , sought to loosen Dodd-Frank Act regulations aimed at limiting banking and investment industry practices that led to the 2008 financial crisis . Asked about the provision , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said President Barack Obama plans to sign the spending legislation to prevent a government shutdown . But Earnest said the President remains opposed to Yoder 's language . "  The White House , regardless of who wrote the provision , strongly opposes it and does n't think it 's a good idea , because it does water down one element of Wall Street reform , " Earnest told reporters Tuesday . Earnest said the White House was "  in the loop " in the drafting of the spending bill but could not account for every provision in the legislation . "  This is a bill that was written by Congress , and whether one element of that bill was plagiarized by a member of Congress from a Citibank lobbyist is something that you 'd have to ask a member of Congress , " Earnest said . In his statement , Yoder touted his provision as needed protection for smaller financial institutions , rather than a boon to Wall Street . "  Without this fix , smaller regional banks would be in danger of not being able to meet the lending needs of their customers . Ultimately , farmers , manufacturers and other Main Street businesses would be harmed the most , " Yoder added . Yoder is perhaps best-known for skinny dipping in the Sea of Galilee during a trip with other congressional leaders to Israel in 2011 . The Kansas Republican later apologized for the incident .	GOP Rep. Kevin Yoder of Kansas says he 's responsible for a controversial banking language included in the spending measure Progressives , led by Sen. Elizabeth Warren , claim the provision could lead to another Wall Street meltdown The White House opposes the language but supports the broader package
Mombasa , Kenya  CNN  -- At the Old Port in Mombasa , southern Kenya , tranquil waters lap gently against the shore beneath the ghostly Fort Jesus garrison . Today , it 's a pretty and peaceful scene , but one that belies the port 's bustling colonial past . It was at this spot just over a century ago that the ancestors of Kenya 's successful Indian community first set foot on African soil . They came in ships and dhows , having been coaxed here to build one of the continent 's great railways . As that railway -- which was soon christened the "  lunatic line " because of its high cost and the dangers faced by those constructing it -- snaked through the country towards Uganda in the years that followed , so did the Indian community . The economic and cultural roots they laid down beside the tracks remains to this day . "  My family is involved  in quite a lot , " said one businesswoman of Indian heritage we meet in a nearby restaurant . "  We have commodities , transport and various other things . " She tells us her grandfather first came to Kenya to work on the railways and her family has been there ever since . Her colleague chimes in that "  Indians have been traders and economically they play a very big role in the Kenyan economy . " At a spice shop just down the road , meanwhile , the third generation Indian owner tells me that Kenyan Asians are spread widely across industries like construction , retail and tourism . The winds of trade Of course , merchants from India and what 's now known as Pakistan had come to Mombasa long before the railway . The trade-routes linking East Africa and Asia were already well established . Mombasa had been a city-state for over 2,000 years bearing long and fruitful relations with the Middle East , Asia and the Far East . In the port 's heyday "  there was ivory being sold like the way we sell cakes now or mahamris as we call them , " said historian Satmbuli Abdillahi Nassir . "  There was rhinoceros horns ... there was dry skin , there was spices , all this was happening at this port . " It was the railway lines , however , and the need for labor that first brought a mass migration of people from the sub-continent . By the mid-1890 's , the British were effectively in control of Kenya and were keen to open up the country 's interior and that of neighboring Uganda to counter German influence in the region . Having started construction of railway lines in India nearly 50 years earlier , Punjabi engineers and laborers had the skills the British required . The lion 's share More 30,000 indentured Indian workers were soon enticed to sail to Mombasa and a new life in Africa . The country these expectant migrants found upon arrival , however , was vastly different to the land of comparative business opportunity their ancestors inhabit today . Work on the railways was brutally hard . By the time it had reached its destination in Kisumu on the banks of Lake Victoria , roughly 625 miles from Mombasa , around 2,500 men had died . That 's four people for every mile . And it was n't just the oppressive heat and long hours workers had to contend with . The man eaters of Tsavo were a pair of lions that killed anywhere between 28 and more than 100 workers during the building of the railway , depending which account you believe . They spread such terror that work stopped until they were eventually shot . On top of that , there was also sickness and disease to contend with . "  Many people died of malaria and black fever when they were building because of the difficult terrain and there were no medical facilities resulting  in  many deaths , " said Komal Shah , whose ancestors settled just outside Nairobi after the railway was built . "  They had to take risks coming to this place , " she added . Melting pot Shah is one of the many Kenyan Asians who today run their own businesses in the Westlands and Parklands districts of the Kenyan capital . She teaches the ancient Indian discipline of yoga , a far cry from the grueling and punishing work of the railway lines . But the history and contribution of Shah 's ancestors in building the community and the infrastructure of the country make her proud of her roots . "  I would not like to be distinguished as a Kenyan from a different region of the world , " Shah said . "  I am born here and a third generation Asian Kenyan . I proudly say that I am a Kenyan . " Such open and patriotic sentiments are n't uniform across the country , however . Outside of the big metropolises such as Nairobi and Mombasa , there is a more complex relationship between communities . In Kisumu , where the great railway ends , issues of integration between Kenyan Asians and black Africans remain . Although there are rarely tensions between the groups , neither mixes fully with the other . According to local MP Shakeel Shabbir Ahmed , himself a Kenyan Asian who married a black Kenyan woman , this is something that has to change . "  There has not been a real integration  in Kisumu  ... like in Mombasa and Dar es Salaam , " Ahmed said . "  In Kisumu the integration is only when it 's in the shop or at the business ... but when they go out of that particular environment there is very little integration either by way of recreation or other facilities . " While Kenyan Asian 's community makes a substantial economic contribution to wider society , Ahmed believes they should make more of an effort to mix with their compatriots and refrain from being "  insular . " "  We are less than 1.4 %  of the population  here in Kenya but we hold the purse strings to maybe 30 % or 40 % of the economy , " Ahmed estimates . "  But  we must remember that if we earn here , we live here , we must contribute to this country . " That 's a sentiment that the very first Indian emigres to set foot in this beautiful country would have doubtless agreed with .	Indian migrants flocked to Kenya just over a century ago to build railways Lion attacks and diseases such as black fever were just a couple of the dangers workers on the railways faced Many descendants of those Indian migrants are today successful business owners across Kenya Some say that the Indian community has still not fully integrated into Kenyan society
CNN  -- Leave the wife alone . Many of you should admit it . You think there 's "  something suspicious " about her . You 're not alone . The police say they have "  barely scratched the surface " on the investigation into Cooper Harris ' death in a hot car , and a lot of us have decided that Leanna Harris , his mom , was somehow involved . At the time I 'm writing this , she has not been charged with a crime , she is not a suspect , she is not the focus of the investigation -- she 's just one of the many witnesses being scrutinized by the police , as she should be . But she should n't be indicted by the public before the facts come out . It 's tempting to rush to judgment in a tragedy . We tend to make a gut call and then use the details in a story to try to prove that our initial call was right . I agree with those who are skeptical : The sexting dad Justin Ross Harris , who left the boy in the car , appears to have dug himself a pretty deep hole . Until we hear his side of the story , he 'll probably remain there . But before you judge Leanna Harris , consider these eight points . Her emotional state is irrelevant . Interpreting emotional reactions is an extremely subjective business . Justin Ross Harris was crying in court during the probable cause hearing , yet nobody is arguing that his tears are proof he made a mistake . Many have pointed out Leanna 's stoic , gum-chomping face in court as "  suspicious . " Try this interpretation . She 's pissed . Listening to evidence that your husband was sending photos of his penis to other women is n't going to send most women into tears , she 's probably chewing the gum to keep herself from standing up and throwing something at him . Perhaps that 's what she meant when , as police say , she asked her husband "  Did you say too much ? " It might refer to saying too much about their marital problems and financial difficulties that were playing out in court . And more important : Everyone grieves differently . Police questioned her lack of emotion and an officer testified that Leanna Harris ' mother asked her "  Why are n't you crying ? " I can tell you why she 's not crying : She 's in shock . She is emotionally and mentally processing a lot . Her baby is dead . She is learning the horrible details about how Cooper suffered : scratching his face and banging his head against the seat as he slowly died . Her husband is in jail for murder . Her husband was also sexting with several women . Her marital and financial troubles have been exposed for the world to see . The world media is parked at her front door and filming her every move . How is she supposed to act in the wake of that avalanche ? Lord only knows . I 'm sure she 's a hot mess of rage , fear , grief , shock and everything in between . Her Internet searches about hot car deaths mean nothing . Thousands of things new parents do might strike the rest of us as strange : they buy fabric inserts for shopping carts because they are germophobes , they boil every bottle , throw out pacifiers that drop on the floor . There is absolutely nothing wrong with a mother searching for information about a subject she 's worried about . After hearing about Cooper 's horrible death and that 44 children died last year in hot cars , you might have searched for information about it . I know I did . "  I love you Ross , I 'm doing this for you . " At first that statement during her eulogy seemed really strange . What exactly is she "  doing " for him ? But look at the context . She called him a "  wonderful father " and is clearly standing by him . She stood up there in front of 250 people with her son in a tiny casket and had the strength to give a eulogy on behalf of both of them . She talked about how much she loved Cooper , about God , about Cooper being in "  the most peaceful , wonderful place there is " and about how she was relying on her faith to give her strength . I refuse to believe the accomplice theories . You can convince me that an individual might be sick enough to kill his or her spouse and child to run off with a mistress , but the idea of a couple trying to fix their marital problems by killing their child strains belief . A life insurance policy is not definitive proof of motive . Plenty of families have life insurance polices for their children and owning one is not a de facto motive for murder . In the Harris case , the $ 2,000 policy was issued by his employer and the $ 25,000 policy was purchased in 2012 . And even if Leanna Harris cashes it in , as her husband has been instructing family members to do , it does n't prove she was involved in Cooper 's death either . It just proves they 've got very poor judgment on timing . But on the other hand , I 'm sure the lawyer bills and other expenses are adding up and she has to pay for them somehow . And finally , her statement at day care : "  Ross must have left him in the car . There 's no other explanation . " At first blush , that statement seemed suspicious , then I thought of two things : One is mother 's intuition . The other is that we do n't know yet if Ross had said anything to her that day , even something as cryptic as "  Sorry . " The other day , my husband and I were at home and it was 12:30 in the afternoon . Both our cellphones rang at the same time . It was the school calling . We were in a meeting , so we let it go to voicemail . Then the home phone rang : It was the school again . I turned to my husband Chris and without thinking said , "  Pick it up , I bet there 's a lockdown at the school . " Sure enough , two first graders had seen what they thought was a man with a gun -- the school was in full lockdown and Swat teams were on site . A school shooting is my worst nightmare and I had just connected the dots unconsciously . Leanna 's "  worst nightmare " was leaving her son in the car -- did she just connect the dots ? I have my theories , as many people do . One day , I think Ross Harris made a tragic mistake . When you cheat on your wife , you lead a double life and that means you are even more distracted than most frazzled working parents . So distracted that you might forget your kid in the back seat as you race into work to start sexting . If he did leave Cooper in the car by mistake , he could have realized it in the afternoon and just could n't face what he had done . He might have panicked all afternoon -- so much so he convinced himself that getting in the car and driving to a crowded parking lot would make it look like an accident . But then , I learn about some new detail in the case -- the Internet searches he made about #childfreelife and "  surviving prison " and I mutter "  I hope they fry him . " The truth is ... I do n't know the truth . Only Ross Harris does . And although it is easy to speculate about the wife 's involvement , let 's all leave the lady alone . Until I hear all the evidence I will just continue to look at the legal issues and analyze them -- because I do n't actually know what happened yet , and neither do you .	Mel Robbins : People say there 's "  something suspicious " about Leanna Harris Robbins : We tend to interpret details in a tragedy to bolster our early judgment She says mom 's emotional state , Web searches irrelevant ; remarks explainable Robbins : Nobody knows what happened yet , so do n't indict anyone until facts are in
CNN  -- Cradling your heap of plastic , you approach the bins , hastily inspecting each item for the number molded on the bottom . Plastic water bottles go in the bin for ones and twos , along with the milk jug . That was easy enough , but what about the water bottle caps ? Trash . Chinese take-out container ? Bin number six . Packing peanuts ? Trash . Canola oil container is labeled number three . No number threes accepted . Annoyed and confused yet ? You 're not alone . The EPA reports only 7 % of plastic waste generated in 2009 was recovered for recycling . But , a discovery by University of Warwick engineers could make recycling easier for you . A group of scientists at this U.K. university has discovered a way to recycle 100 % of plastic . Using pyrolysis , a technique in which heat is applied in the absence of oxygen to decompose materials , the university says it was able to break plastic down into its basic elements . The results could mean a significant reduction in pollution while scientists try to find a safer alternative to using plastic . "  It will reduce the amount of plastic from being sent to landfills and/or incinerators , beautify our environments and create sustainable plastic products , " said environmental engineer Naji Khoury of Temple University College of Engineering . Warwick Ventures business development manager Kevin Marks says the next step is to commercialize their findings . They will build their first plant in the near future . "  There are currently no commercial recycling plants that can deal with domestic mixed plastic waste , so the system we are developing will be the first of its kind in the world , " Marks said . Why could this be such a big deal ? The EPA spent more than $ 220 million on recycling and waste management in 2008 due to sorting , landfill management and other costly actions . The ability to recycle 100 % of plastic could remove the need to sort through materials and reduce the need to produce fresh plastic . "  Waste can be a valuable resource , " said Craig Criddle , an environmental engineer at Stanford University . "  We hear a lot of about ` waste-to-energy ' but little about ` waste-to-chemicals . ' Creating chemicals from waste could be more profitable than making energy . " Since plastic is not biodegradable , it can not be broken down by microorganisms and remains in a landfill forever . Polly Sattler , executive director of GreenPlate , a nonprofit environmental organization dedicated to reducing the use of plastics in society , says what people need to know is that many of the materials collected have a lot of potential value and are sold . By using the University of Warwick 's process to turn plastics into energy , she believes people will see the need to increase their recycling efforts . While temporary measures can be taken to reduce our plastic use , Criddle said widespread use of this technology would decrease our dependence on fossil carbon and stimulate local economies . Robert Waymouth , a chemist at Stanford University , offers a simple example to explain what he believes is the most important conclusion of the study : "  Consider the jug of liquid laundry detergent . ... this jug could be reused for 10 years , but we typically throw it away after the laundry detergent is gone . ... It 's the economy of convenience that leads to our current ` throw-away ' society ; this is ultimately not a sustainable way to utilize our resources or sustain our environment . " Chemist Marc Hillmyer of the University of Minnesota says actions come with consequences : "  Advances in science led to the generation of wonderfully useful , versatile , lightweight and strong plastics that have myriad applications that bring benefit to society . Now , we have to use the same ingenuity to appropriately deal with the plastic waste that is a consequence of the broad utility of these materials . "	British scientists say they 've found way to recycle 100 % of plastics University of Warwick plans first commercial plant soon "  Waste can be a valuable resource , " Stanford engineer says
Architectural Digest  -- The great American graphic designer Milton Glaser once declared , "  There are three responses to a piece of design -- yes , no , and wow ! Wow is the one to aim for . " Tommy and Dee Hilfiger apparently endorse that notion . The fashion mogul and his wife have planted their flag on a glorious stretch of beachfront just north of Miami with a home defined by spectacular moments , whimsical flourishes , and astonishing coups de thtre . In this case wow ! might be an understatement . "  We 're here for the weather , the Latin flavor , the art , and the palm trees . Most of all we 're here for the fun , " says Tommy . The residence also provides a base near his latest business venture . Hilfiger , who sold his fashion label several years ago but remains its principal designer , recently purchased the Raleigh hotel in Miami Beach , and he plans to refurbish the Art Deco gem starting in 2015 . But first he and Dee had their own renovation project to tackle . The house they settled on was a 2007 modern structure , offering some 14,000 square feet . Size was crucial , as the couple coveted space for works from their extensive art collection that had long been held in storage . Architectural Digest : Isaac Mizrahi 's Jaw-Dropping Greenwich Village home "  Our Connecticut home feels very country , with lots of taxidermy , and our place in Mustique has a more British Colonial vibe . We wanted to be able to showcase the colorful large-scale artworks that did n't make sense elsewhere , conceptually or size-wise , " Dee explains , referring to their trove of Pop and post-Pop treasures by Andy Warhol , Jean-Michel Basquiat , Keith Haring , Damien Hirst , Tracey Emin , and others . To realize the energetic , art-friendly abode they imagined , the couple turned to Los Angeles interior designer Martyn Lawrence Bullard . Having admired his facility with bold gestures and integrating major art into domestic settings -- specifically , his work at the L.A. residence of Elton John and David Furnish -- the Hilfigers enlisted Bullard to help conjure a home attuned to the rhythms and colors of Miami . Architectural Digest : A Modernist Dream House in Southern California "  Tommy and Dee obviously have an incredible sense of fashion , so my job was to translate their vision into interior spaces that feel vibrant and compelling , " says Bullard . "  Together , we conceived the house as part art gallery and part 1960s -- '70s disco madness . " The designer started by replacing ubiquitous dark-wood paneling and expanses of travertine with clean white walls and new flooring of white-glass tiles to cultivate a pristine aura . For graphic contrast he reclad the central staircase in black marble -- a strategy reiterated in the black and white stripes on the kitchen floor . Once the backdrop was set , it was off to the races . Architectural Digest : Bette Midler 's Incredible Penthouse "  I told Martyn , ` If it 's not shagadelic or groovy , it 's not coming into the house , ' " Dee recounts , describing her criteria for furniture and finishes . True to form , Bullard obliged with a kaleidoscopic array of colors , materials , and furnishings , all deployed in vignettes that scream glamour and sex appeal . The heart of the home is the voluminous living room , presided over by a monumental collaborative painting by Warhol and Basquiat . Ignoring stale precepts that dictate the isolation of art from decor , Bullard extrapolated the painting 's vivid hues in an orgiastic hair-on-hide carpet featuring lavish swirls . He also commissioned reeditions of classic sofas by Vladimir Kagan and side tables by Willy Rizzo to inhabit the space . See more photos of the Hilfiger 's home on ArchDigest.com Reprinted with permission of Conde Nast .	` If it 's not shagadelic or groovy , it 's not coming into the house ' Tommy and Dee Hilfiger aim for a ` wow ' factor in their Florida residence Pop and post-Pop Art treasures adorn the couple 's 14,000 square-foot home Designer Martyn Lawrence planned ` part art gallery and part 1960s -- '70s disco madness '
CNN  -- Described as the largest single gathering of displaced residents in the world today , tens of thousands of civilians are seeking shelter along the Afgooye corridor outside Mogadishu , according to the United Nations . Members of the U.S. Navy take a young Somali boy to safety after rescuing him and 51 others adrift in a skiff . Fighting between government forces and Islamist militias has triggered the flight of more than 67,000 Somalis in and around Mogadishu since May 8 , the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . Most of them are heading to the Afgooye corridor , a 30-kilometer  19-mile  stretch of ramshackle housing described by the United Nations ' World Food Program as "  a nightmare . " The corridor between Mogadishu and the town of Afgooye is already home to 400,000 displaced Somalis , some of them living in huts made of twigs and branches . The clinics are already overwhelmed with malnourished and sick children . This week , Somalia 's transitional president , Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , asked the international community "  to help Somalia defend against foreign militants who have invaded the country . " Ahmed told local journalists Monday that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan , where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups . The fighting has cut supplies of "  desperately needed humanitarian aid " to the displaced Somalis near the capital city , according to the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . "  We are starting today the distribution of aid for some 50,000 people in Afgooye corridor through our local partners in Somalia , " the refugee office said Tuesday . "  Today 's distribution will include cooking sets , plastic sheeting , blankets and mats . " The number of Somali refugees fleeing to nearby countries also continues to rise , with some 500,000 already in Kenya , Ethiopia , Uganda , Djibouti , Eritrea and Tanzania . Many Somalis have also made the dangerous journey across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen . On Saturday , a U.S. guided missile destroyer rescued a group of 52 Somali men women and children -- including a woman who was eight months pregnant -- who had been stranded aboard a small skiff for nearly a week off Somalia 's coast , the U.S. Navy said . See photos of the rescue " A helicopter based on the USS Lake Champlain happened to spot the stranded mariners , according to the vessel 's commanding officer . "  It 's fortunate that our helicopter was flying over the right place at the right time , " Capt. Kevin P. Campbell said in a U.S. Navy news release . "  I 'm glad we were able to be of assistance and rescue these men , women and children . Our chief hospital corpsman stated that had we not found them at the time we did , the pregnant woman may not have survived . " USS Lake Champlain has been deployed as part of the U.S. 5th Fleet 's mission to patrol the Gulf of Aden region , which has been plagued by pirate attacks off Somalia 's coast . "  We were very fortunate to have come across these people in the state they were in , " said the ship 's chaplain , Lt. j.g. Jarrod Johnson . "  Seeing their condition really makes your heart go out to them . You can see the relief and hope in their eyes , and hear it in their conversation . "	Fighting has triggered flight of more than 67,000 Somalis since May 8 Most heading to Afgooye corridor , a 30-kilometer stretch of ramshackle housing President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed speaking at a conference in Mogadishu Ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan
CNN  -- When Erin and Doug Halka began planning their wedding , they also looked for ways their guests could share photos of their ceremony and reception . "  We thought about using disposable cameras , putting them on all the tables , and letting people take pictures , " said Doug Halka . But the thought of collecting cameras and developing film seemed antiquated . Then they came across WedPics , one of several photo-sharing apps for weddings . The app lets guests upload images directly to a private album viewable online by the bride and groom , wedding guests and other invitees . "  Everyone 's got their phone in their pocket at all times , " said Doug Halka . "  They 're snapping pictures , they can immediately upload the photos , and now we have all the pictures to share with everyone else . " Since the Halkas signed up for WedPics , 423 photos have been uploaded to their page . The pictures range from their courtship to the engagement party and all the way to their April wedding in Atlanta . "  Now we have pictures just in one place to remember our entire wedding , " Erin Halka said . No longer do brides and grooms have to rely on a single official photographer to capture all the key moments from their big day . Increasingly , couples are crowdsourcing their wedding photography through WedPics and similar photo-sharing apps such as Capsule , Wedding Party , Guest Shots and AppilyWed . Most wedding apps are free and are available for iPhones , iPads and Android devices . Guests can also upload images to the apps ' websites from a desktop or digital camera . Online wedding albums are kept private unless couples enable social sharing , which allows guests to share photos and videos back out to their existing social networks . "  It enables every couple to create a private social network around each of their individual weddings , " said Justin Miller , CEO and co-founder of WedPics . "  We see people uploading photos and videos from early on in their engagement all the way through the honeymoon . " Incorporating technology at weddings has become increasingly popular . According to a recent survey from wedding site TheKnot.com , 19 % of couples are using wedding apps to crowdsource their photos and another 41 % are considering doing so . Other couples are taking this a step further by inviting guests to share their wedding photos in real-time streams on social media . "  A lot of couples are creating their own custom hashtags for their wedding and then encouraging guests to take photos and upload them to Instagram and sometimes Twitter , " said Anja Winikka , site director for TheKnot.com . Still , Winikka does n't see apps or hashtags replacing the professional photographer at weddings . "  The one gripe I might hear is that guests kind of get in the way , " she said . "  If you have a bunch of guests with their phones up , it changes the look of the photo entirely . On the other hand , I do n't hear photographers who are worried that this is going to take away from their business . " Wedding photos : When snap-happy guests go too far The prospect of a sea of smartphones and point-and-shoot cameras sticking out of the aisles has led some couples to want to unplug . According to TheKnot 's survey , 28 % of brides have either asked or are planning to ask their guests not to take photos during the ceremony . "  Unplugged weddings have become sort of a trend because it 's so common for everybody to have their phones out , " Winikka said . "  The idea there from the couples ' perspective is that everyone is going to be really present . " Even so , a lot of couples still want as many photos as possible to remember the big day , she added . Since 2012 , more than a million people , including couples and their guests , have signed up for WedPics , Miller said . Miller started the company in his basement in Raleigh , North Carolina . He had 12 people working for him full time when his young company was featured in the local newspaper . "  The day after  the story  was released , we got a knock on the door with somebody showing an eviction notice , " he said . "  It turned out to be a blessing in disguise because we landed our first tech angel investor . " Since then , WedPics has moved offices and raised even more money . The company recently closed their first round of venture-capital funding , and future prospects look bright . After all , said Miller , "  People are always going to be getting married . "	A batch of apps will collect your wedding guests ' pics in one place Increasingly , couples are crowdsourcing their wedding photography Some popular apps include WedPics , Capsule and Wedding Party Couples also are inviting guests to share photos in real time on social media
CNN  -- The 911 call is accusatory . The woman flatly tells the dispatcher she just witnessed several police officers in East Bakersfield , California , beat a man to death . The woman -- identified by the local newspaper as Salina Quair , 34 -- happened upon the scene as she left Kern Medical Center , where the father of four would later die . "  There 's a man laying on the floor , and your police officers beat the sh-t out of him and killed him , " said Quair , according to a tape of the 911 call obtained by CNN affiliate KERO-TV . "  I 'm right here on the corner of Flower and Palm right now and you have one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight sheriffs . The guy was laying on the floor , and eight sheriffs ran up and started beating him up with sticks . The man is dead laying right here , right now , " she continues . The sheriff 's office has named the seven deputies involved in the incident , including a sergeant , while the California Highway Patrol has yet to name its two officers who responded to the scene . The area is largely residential , packed with one-story homes and small apartment complexes . In addition to the hospital , East Bakersfield High School and the county coroner 's office are within two blocks of the intersection where David Sal Silva died . The Kern County Sheriff 's Office has said it will not comment until the investigation is complete , but a news release says the incident began May 7 just before midnight . A deputy responded to a call that a man , later identified as Silva , 33 , was lying on the ground , possibly intoxicated . Silva was "  uncooperative , " according to the sheriff 's office , even after a canine was deployed . "  The suspect continued to actively resist the deputy and the K-9 . Additional deputies arrived on scene , along with two CHP officers who responded to assist . The suspect continued to resist and received baton strikes from the deputies attempting to take him into custody , " according to the sheriff 's news release . After Silva was restrained , police requested medical assistance for his injuries , the release said . He was having trouble breathing and was taken across the street to the hospital . "  While being treated at KMC , the suspect was pronounced dead at about 12:44 a.m. , " the news release said . Several witnesses have painted a more brutal picture , saying that Silva was crying for help and officers continued to beat him until he fell silent . Others have said they captured the incident on their cell phones . Two of those witnesses hired attorneys after police confiscated their phones , KERO reported . In a news release Tuesday , the Kern County Sheriff 's Office said that Youngblood has requested the FBI 's help in analyzing "  two cell phones pursuant to a search warrant related to the ... death of David Silva . " It was not immediately clear which phones these are or what "  forensic analysis " is being done , though the office did say that Bakersfield police saw one of the phones on video from the incident , but not the other one . Youngblood also asked the FBI to conduct a "  parallel " investigation into the incident . "  I think it 's the right thing for the public , and I think it 's the right thing for this organization , " the sheriff told reporters Tuesday . The only video released thus far is from a security camera , and the quality is poor . It appears to show two men scuffling for about two minutes before another man arrives . The two men appear to repeatedly hit the third man as he 's on his knees and later lying on the ground . Police cars arrive and officers gather around the man on the ground , but their actions are n't clear . The video is grainy , and the blur of light and shadows makes it difficult to determine what is happening . Witnesses told CNN they were awakened by the incident . One witness , who asked not to be identified , described a chaotic scene . "  He was asking for help . He was screaming with pain . He only got to ask for help like three times , " he said . "  Those hits were brutal . " Sheriff Donnie Youngblood promised a fair investigation into the incident . "  I 'm waiting till this investigation is done so I can look at it objectively and decide whether we did something wrong , and If we did , I 'll stand up and tell you that we did . If we did n't , I 'll stand up and tell you that we did n't , " he told KERO . In November , the family of Jose Lucero , 33 , won a $ 4.5 million civil judgment against the Kern County Sheriff 's Office , according to The Bakersfield Californian . After the mentally ill Lucero had made delusional 911 calls , four deputies beat , pepper-sprayed and Tasered him , killing him in front of his parents , according to the newspaper 's report about the 2010 incident . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Stephanie Elam contributed to this report .	NEW : Having the FBI investigate is "  the right thing for the public , " California sheriff says Woman tells 911 she witnessed police beat man to death across the street from hospital Sheriff 's office says David Silva "  received baton strikes " after he struggled with officers Witness tells CNN , "  He only got to ask for help like three times ... Those hits were brutal "
CNN  -- In 1951 , a doctor at Johns Hopkins Hospital removed two thin slivers of tissue from a dying woman 's cervix . Cells from that biopsy would later multiply wildly and continuously -- a feat never seen until that time -- and become the cornerstone of research for diseases ranging from polio to Parkinson 's disease . The woman 's name was Henrietta Lacks . The cells , culled from her cancerous cervical tumor , are called HeLa . "  Her cells were part of research into the genes that cause cancer and those that suppress it ; they helped develop drugs for treating herpes , leukemia , influenza , hemophilia , and Parkinson 's disease , " wrote Rebecca Skloot in her book , "  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks . " "  They helped with some of the most important advances in medicine : the polio vaccine , chemotherapy , cloning , gene mapping , in vitro fertilization . " HeLa cells are arguably one of the most important contributions to medicine ever made . And they 're still the most commonly used cells in research today , Skloot told CNN . But although the cells have been a boon for the scientific community , they have been a persistent source of pain for the Lacks family . Henrietta Lacks had no clue her cells would be used for research , and neither did her family . Decades after her death , scientists took tissue samples from other members of the Lacks family and tested them , never disclosing why they were doing it . For years companies have capitalized on discoveries made because of HeLa cells , and the family has not received any compensation . The third blow came earlier this year when scientists in Germany revealed that they had mapped the full HeLa genome and posted the results to a public database . The Lacks family did not consent to release the information . "  It was repeating this history , this chapter of the family being thrust into some kind of research without their consent , " said Skloot . But a new agreement between the National Institutes of Health and the Lacks family , the details of which were published in the journal Nature Wednesday , is meant to alter the narrative about HeLa . As part of the agreement , the NIH and the Lacks family will control access to the HeLa genome -- including an even more specific analysis recently completed by scientists at the University of Washington -- so that researchers receiving NIH funds would have to apply to use the data . Labs not funded by the NIH would not be required to adhere to the agreement . "  We urge the research community to act responsibly and honor the family 's wishes , " said Kathy Hudson , deputy director for science , outreach and public policy at the NIH and Francis Collins , director of the agency , in a commentary published in Nature . "  Downloading the HeLa sequence through controlled access is the right and respectful thing to do . " In some respects , the damage is done . Snippets of information about the HeLa genome have been widely reported over the years , and with them , sensitive information about the diseases to which the Lacks family may be susceptible . "  What happened with Henrietta Lacks is beyond-the-pale horrible , and we do n't want that to happen again , " said Dr. Robert Klitzman , director of the Masters of Bioethics Program at Columbia University and author of "  Am I My Genes ? : Confronting Fate and Family Secrets in the Age of Genetic Testing . " "  We owe it to people to give them a choice : ` Do you want to do this research even if it is a potential risk to your privacy ? ' " The privacy problem is not unique to the Lacks family . Parents shocked to learn examiner kept son 's brain For patients , a routine hospital visit to draw blood or excise a growth could result in excess cells or tissue being stored and later used for research , albeit with identifying information removed . "  Let 's say scientists have all this leftover blood containing patients ' genes and next year they discover that a certain mutation makes someone more likely to get a disease , but we never asked you if you want us to look at your blood , " said Klitzman . "  Science is advancing . We have hundreds of thousands of specimens of DNA , so this is going to be a major ongoing problem . " A report issued in 1999 by the RAND Corporation estimates that more than 307 million tissue specimens are stored in the United States , with approximately 20 million added annually . Conventional wisdom has been that as long as the samples are anonymous , even if the genetic information is shared publicly , the patient is protected . Not necessarily , says Klitzman . Using current technology , some of which is easily found on the Internet , genetic information could be paired with seemingly insignificant demographic information to stitch together a person 's identity . In July 2011 , the Department of Health and Human Services proposed rules to protect patients whose genetic material could be used for study , and invited public comment . According to the notice , " ... rapidly evolving advances in technology coupled with the increasing volume of data readily available may soon allow identification of an individual from data that is currently considered de-identified . " But since the notice was issued , "  no resolution has been released , " said Klitzman , leaving a gaping hole in protections for patients . "  Future cures will come of this , " said Skloot . "  But it needs to be handled in a way that protects people 's privacy so people know what they 're getting into when they donate . We are n't in a place where people understand what 's happening . " As for the family whose experience sparked this whole debate , their agreement with the NIH gives a sense about where they stand . The Lacks family is willing to give scientists what they want , provided their genetic information is respected . "  They get so much pride out of what HeLa cells have done for society and the world , " said Skloot . "  They want HeLa cells to continue to do good . They just want to be part of the conversation . "	Scientists took cells from Henrietta Lacks ' cancerous cervical tumor in 1951 Those cells , called HeLa cells , have been used in many scientific discoveries The family is concerned about their privacy , and has not been compensated Advances in technology have left a gaping hole in privacy protections for patients
CNN  Everyone 's favorite male models made a surprise appearance at Tuesday 's Valentino show at Paris Fashion Week . And , no surprise , they were really , really ridiculously good-looking . Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson reprised their roles as the vacuous models from the popular 2001 film "  Zoolander " at Tuesday 's women 's couture show . There was no mistaking Stiller for anyone other than the fierce Zoolander as he sashayed down the runway in a Valentino trench , casting Blue Steel in every direction . He was followed by nemesis Hansel McDonald , played by Wilson , showing off another Valentino coat over a pair of "  lovely " pajamas , Wall Street Journalist fashion columnist Christina Binkley said . The duo is gearing up for "  Zoolander 2 , " which is slated for release in February 2016 . "  Apparently Derek and Hansel have come to terms on #Zoolander2 , " Ben Stiller joked in a selfie posted on his Instagram account . Publicity stunt , perhaps , but we 're not complaining about an opportunity to bring back the phrase , "  he 's so hot right now . "	Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson reprised their roles as male models at Paris Fashion Week They walked in the Valentino show as Derek Zoolander and Hansel McDonald
