MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- He 's a TV salesman offering an unbelievable deal -- and police say you do n't want to do business with him . Police in Largo , Florida , say "  Plasma Pat " is really 60-year-old Joseph Wesley Torma . Dubbing himself "  Plasma Pat , the TV Discount Guy , " he allegedly took cash from Wal-Mart shoppers , promising to use his employee discount to get them a good deal on a TV set , police said . Then , he called the police to taunt them . Police in Largo , Florida , a city near Tampa on the state 's gulf coast , circulated security pictures of "  Plasma Pat , " and now can put a name to the alliterative nickname . Investigators say their suspect is 60-year-old Joseph Wesley Torma , and they 've just released a mug shot from a recent arrest in Polk County , Florida . "  He made at least two or three phone calls , and he even talked about surrendering , but he never showed up , obviously , " said Lt. Michael Loux of the Largo Police department . Police believe "  Plasma Pat " has conned victims in about a dozen different places in Florida . He allegedly befriended people outside Wal-Mart stores , telling his victims that he worked at the store , and that he could use his employee discount to get them a good deal on a major purchase . Then , police said , he took their cash , walked into the store through one door -- and out another , leaving his victims in the parking lot . One victim found himself out $ 300 while waiting outside for a television . Largo Police say that Torma also called them several times . asking to speak with Det. Brendan Arlington . Each time he called , police say , Torma identified himself as "  Plasma Pat , " and bragged that he had cheated about 30,000 people who will never file a police report . "  Because the victims feel embarrassed , he feels that nobody is going to report the crime , " said Lt. Michael Loux . "  And I think he 's probably right . " Police say they believe that Torma has left the area , and may be headed to Texas , but they have not explained why .	Police identify ` Plasma Pat ' as Joseph Wesley Torma , age 60 Man offered to use employee discount for strangers , pocketed their cash , police say ` Plasma Pat ' taunted police , saying he had 30,000 victims
CNN  -- Florida recorded its first death connected to the outbreak of a rare , noncontagious form of meningitis , raising the toll Tuesday to a total of 12 fatalities nationwide . Earlier in the day , federal authorities reported 11 deaths and 119 persons becoming ill in the outbreak , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Tuesday . Those figures were an increase from Monday 's count of eight deaths and 105 illnesses . Florida health officials also reported a total of six cases connected to the outbreak -- all in Marion County . That figure -- one more than federal officials have so far counted in Florida -- means that a total of 120 persons nationwide have become ill , according to state officials . The outbreak is linked to contaminated steroid injections , and as many as 13,000 people may have received the medicine between May 21 and September 24 , the CDC said . The death of a 70-year-old Florida man occurred in July , prior to the discovery of the contamination , the state 's health department said . "  Our disease investigation process discovered the link of this individual 's death to the contaminated medication , " State Surgeon General and Secretary of Health Dr. John Armstrong said . "  We will continue to work closely with our health partners to ensure that individuals who may have received the contaminated medicine are treated immediately . " The number of reported cases grew significantly in recent days as federal and state authorities continued to investigate the outbreak . Tennessee is the hardest-hit state , with 39 infections and six deaths , according to the CDC . Of the remaining deaths , three occurred in Michigan and one each in Maryland and Virginia , the CDC said . Patients contracted the deadly fungal meningitis after being injected in their spines with a preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate that was contaminated by a fungus . The steroid is used to treat pain and inflammation . Meningitis outbreak : Your questions answered The New England Compounding Center  NECC  , the Massachusetts-based pharmacy that made the contaminated injections , voluntarily recalled three lots of the injected steroid last week . On Tuesday , President James T. DeVita of the Massachusetts State Board of Registration in Pharmacy sympathized with the individuals affected by the contamination . "  On behalf of the board , I want to express our deepest sympathy for the patients and the families who have been impacted by this tragedy , " DeVita said , reading from a statement during a board meeting . He added that "  NECC voluntarily surrendered its license and recalled all implicated products . " On Saturday , the pharmacy announced a voluntary nationwide recall of all its other products as well . NECC said the new recall was being announced out of an abundance of caution and that there is no indication any of its other products are contaminated . The Food and Drug Administration has already asked doctors , clinics and consumers to stop using any of the pharmacy 's products . Last week , the pharmacy voluntarily surrendered its license to operate until the FDA investigation into the contamination is complete . Health officials say 75 medical facilities in 23 states received the contaminated steroid injections from NECC . Other than Tennessee , deaths have been reported in Maryland , Michigan and Virginia . There are also confirmed cases of the disease in Florida , Indiana , Minnesota , North Carolina , and Ohio . The other states that received the contaminated products are California , Connecticut , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Nevada , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas and West Virginia . Federal health inspectors began inspecting the NECC plant October 1 . Inspectors found foreign particles in unopened vials , and after testing one of them , they determined the substance was a fungus . The investigation is still under way . Nearly 10 % of drugs administered in the United States come from compound pharmacies , according to a 2003 Government Accountability Office report . Drugs manufactured by compound pharmacies do not have to go through FDA-mandated premarket approval . Instead , state health pharmacy boards are responsible for the oversight and licensing of these pharmacies . Compound pharmacists create customized medication solutions for patients for whom manufactured pharmaceuticals wo n't work , according to the International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens like fungi , according to the CDC . Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , is not contagious . Symptoms of fungal meningitis are similar to symptoms of other forms of meningitis , but they often appear more gradually and can be very mild at first , the CDC says . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , told CNN that fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms like headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . Health officials say any patients who received an injection at one of the facilities beginning May 21 and who began showing symptoms between one and three weeks after being injected should see their doctor right away . The earlier a patient gets treatment , the more likely he or she will survive . Patients are treated with anti-fungal medication , which is given intravenously , so patients have to be admitted to the hospital , the CDC said . Patients may need to be treated for months . The FDA is urging anyone who has experienced problems following an injection with the NECC product to report it to MedWatch , the FDA 's voluntary reporting program , by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088 or online at www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Elizabeth Cohen , Miriam Falco , Michael Martinez and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Florida records its first death in meningitis outbreak and reports additional case of illness CDC : As many as 13,000 people may have received possibly contaminated injections The outbreak of a rare form of meningitis is noncontagious , the CDC says A Massachusetts official expresses "  deepest sympathy " for those affected
CNN  -- Pakistan , and Pakistani-American relations , confront their worst crises in recent memory . Pakistan 's economy is in free fall , and its major cities are wracked by political violence , while Pakistani attitudes toward the United States have never been worse -- a legacy of the CIA contractor who shot and killed two Pakistanis in the city of Lahore this year , the campaign of drone attacks in Pakistan 's tribal regions and the unilateral American raid to kill Osama bin Laden in northern Pakistan in May . On the U.S. side , there is considerable anger about Pakistan 's unwillingness or inability to constrain Taliban groups based on its territory that are killing American soldiers in Afghanistan and a perception that while U.S. aid flows in large amounts to Pakistan , it continues to harbor enemies of America . As a result , the rupture in the U.S.-Pakistan relationship may be the most serious ever . Some members of Congress are calling for the freezing of U.S. aid to Pakistan , while the Pakistani government has demanded that U.S. Special Forces troops who have been training elements of its armed forces return home . A further rupture in relations between the two countries would mean placing crippling constraints on American aid , ending dialogue and curtailing cooperation on attacking terrorists . Pakistan is the second most populous nation in the Muslim world and is armed with nuclear weapons . The United States can not allow such an important country and an ally of the past three decades to become an enemy . In fact , the two nations have many interests in common . The U.S. counterterrorism program in South Asia would be crippled without Pakistan 's help . And fostering a stable and prosperous Pakistan would reduce the risks of a nuclear confrontation between India and Pakistan , which has been a central goal of American statecraft since the late 1990s . Even many who support the relationship , from Washington Post columnist David Ignatius to members of Congress , have suggested the need for a partial separation , a cooling-off period or a more distant stance . Sens. Carl Levin and Dianne Feinstein , while encouraging a renewal of ties , reflected widespread official opinion when they called for steps to re-evaluate the relationship . The general consensus in Washington , in fact , though not endorsing more extreme calls for an outright divorce , appears to hold that the only realistic strategy for rebuilding U.S.-Pakistan relations is gradual , long-term and qualified . Such an argument is hardly unreasonable , given the mutual antagonism and distrust that exists today . Yet we do not agree . Waiting on events , we fear , could invite new crises and a more fundamental break in the relationship . Instead , we propose a new basis for a revised yet lasting U.S.-Pakistan partnership : a collaborative agenda for Pakistan to take its place as a major power in a modernizing South Asia . This concept , which we developed together with a study group of Pakistani economists , journalists and former government officials as well as their American counterparts with considerable experience in Pakistan , calls for actions within Pakistan to build the social , political and economic basis for this vision , as well as a U.S. commitment to support this agenda with critical actions -- on trade , peacemaking and technical support . One important step would be a shift from a relationship in which the U.S. sends aid to Pakistan to one in which the emphasis is on trade that benefits both sides . Textiles constitute 60 % of Pakistani exports , half its manufacturing output and a third of its industrial employment . Yet Pakistani textiles make up less than 4 % of U.S. textile imports . We recommend a new effort to reduce the disproportionately high American tariffs on Pakistani textiles -- as well as parallel programs to enhance U.S. and international foreign direct investment in a range of Pakistani industries -- as an alternative to most U.S. civilian aid , which theoretically could amount to as much as $ 1.5 billion a year if all the aid available to Pakistan was actually disbursed . Efforts to lower taxes on Pakistani textiles have foundered in the past because of opposition in Congress and from U.S. manufacturers , but if this effort was tied to reduced U.S. aid , it might have a better chance of being implemented . On security matters , extremism and terrorism threaten both nations . Yet there is a tendency for both sides to operate in secret , from Pakistani support for militant groups who are killing American soldiers in Afghanistan to U.S. covert operations in Pakistan and drone strikes in the Pakistani tribal regions . This only sets the stage for public outrage when secret activities are revealed without being grounded in the fundamental strategic justification , the shared threat that warrants working together . So the time has come for the two governments to move toward joint , sustainable actions -- against terrorism , militancy and insurgency -- that can be agreed upon and defended in the public sphere . Pakistani concerns about civilian casualties and infringements of their national sovereignty caused by American drones could be addressed with a more transparent drone program , perhaps involving the public release of some drone video footage , as well as more public explication about why certain individuals have been targeted by drones . all done more clearly under Pakistani government guidance . After all , the war against the militants in the tribal regions is Pakistan 's more than America 's , and polling in those regions indicates that if the Pakistani military were seen as more directly responsible for the drone program , opposition to it would subside dramatically . Pakistan must also get its own house in order . Economic growth has fallen to less than 3 % , and inflation has run in double digits for years , reaching a peak of over 20 % in 2008-09 , while Pakistan has one of the lowest tax-to-GDP ratios in the world , with less than 2 % of the population paying income tax . Pakistan needs to make good on long-delayed tax reform that would boost state revenues and to pursue steps to improve the climate for foreign investment . The motivation for Pakistan to do that is the parlous state of its economy ; if it maintains a 3 % growth rate , given its high birth rate , the economic conditions of the Pakistani people , which are already bad , will steadily worsen . We also recommend initiatives to accelerate trade throughout South Asia . Improved trade with India represents a natural source of potential growth for Pakistan and a way to ease tensions between the two states . Just as after World War II former enemies France and Germany created the coal and steel common market that spawned the European Union , the more India , Pakistan and other regional players collaborate along economic lines , the more troubling political issues will be seen as nuisances in the way of an emerging regional prosperity . A number of short-term initiatives could jump-start this process : allowing multiple-entry visas for businesspeople , easing restrictions on direct shipping and on rail and air links , and allowing Indian and Pakistani banks to open branches in each other 's countries . This will take political will in Pakistan amongst its politicians and the military , which retains a veto over all matters relating to national security . Political will also have to be exercised on the U.S. side to sustain faith in a challenging but essential partnership with Pakistan . The relationship has certainly had its bad patches , but it 's one that neither side can live without . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Pakistani-U.S. relations are at their lowest ebb , authors say Some argue that there needs to be a cooling-off period to calm tempers Authors : Both nations should craft a new plan to change the game Joint anti-terror operations and new trade policies would help , they say
CNN  -- Belgian police have mounted an unprecedented security operation outside the Brussels courtroom where nine members of an alleged terrorist cell linked to al Qaeda are on trial . The security alert followed an announcement by Belgian authorities last weekend that they had information indicating that an armed attack to free the defendants or an escape attempt may be in the works . One of the defendants , Malika El Aroud , has a high profile in pro-al Qaeda circles . El Aroud is the Belgian-Moroccan widow of Abdessattar Dahmane , a Tunisian al Qaeda operative who was involved in the assassination of anti-Taliban Northern Alliance leader Ahmed Shah Massoud on Osama Bin Laden 's orders two days before 9/11 . Dahmane 's comrade used a suicide bomb vest to set off an explosion , which Dahmane survived , but he was later shot dead by Massoud 's guards when he ran . Prosecutors Monday confirmed to the court that authorities had reason to believe there was a threat of an attack but did not elaborate , said Christophe Marchand , the attorney for one of the defendants . Belgian authorities Sunday released a statement outlining only "  serious elements and high probabilities . " The extra security includes the placement of barricades and several large bulldozers in front of the court building . Dozens of heavily armed police have been on patrol outside , wearing masks to camouflage their identity . "  It feels like a war zone , " Marchandsaid , "  the security measures suggest the authorities fear a suicide bombing attack . " A senior Belgian counter-terrorism source briefed on the threat alert said Wednesday that the threat information was obtained by Belgian police over the weekend , but the source played down the threat of imminent attack , saying that the new security measures were taken out of an "  abundance of caution . " With police on high alert , the courtroom was evacuated Tuesday when gas fumes could be smelled in the vicinity of the courtroom , but after a security sweep , the trial resumed . El Aroud is accused of being a leader of a terrorist group that recruited young men in Belgium and France to receive terrorist training in al Qaeda camps in Pakistan . She was arrested in December 2008 after security services intercepted an e-mail indicating that one of the young men she allegedly recruited may have been planning a suicide attack in Brussels . The individual in question , Hicham Beyayo , who was arrested the same day as El Aroud and is also on trial , has denied that the e-mail represented any hostile intent , and has said it was just tough talk to impress an ex-girlfriend . El Aroud 's current husband , Moez Garsallaoui , is also a defendant in the trial . Garsallaoui is being tried in absentia , with Belgian intelligence officials believing he is still at large in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region . She did not show up in court Wednesday , stating that the new security arrangements had worsened her agoraphobia , a condition in which individuals fear being in locations or situations from which they can not easily leave or escape . During the trial , El Aroud has mounted a strident defense of the legitimacy of armed combat against Western military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan , but she denied involvement with terrorism . El Aroud has not kept secret her sympathy for al Qaeda . In a CNN interview in 2006 , El Aroud said , "  Most Muslims love Osama -LSB- Bin Laden -RSB- . It was he who helped the oppressed . It was he who stood up against the biggest enemy in the world , the United States . We love him for that . " The trial , which started on March 8 , is expected to conclude Friday with verdicts and sentencing expected four to six weeks later .	Nine members of an alleged terrorist cell linked to al Qaeda are on trial One defendant , Malika El Aroud , has a high profile in pro-al Qaeda circles Prosecutors say authorities had reason to believe there was a threat of an attack
CNN  -- On the surface , Montana Senator Max Baucus 's proposal to reform the corporate tax code seems politically insane . The powerful chairman of the Senate Finance Committee has proposed tightening up the tax treatment of corporate profits overseas . The Senator , along with legislators in both parties , wants to use this proposal as the basis for broader loophole-closing reforms that also tackle the individual tax code . Given how difficult it has been to pass any piece of legislation in recent years , it seems impossible that Congress will muster the energy or courage to challenge powerful interest groups that benefit from the status quo and to reform the tax code . While loophole-closing tax reform might be good policy , it is hard to see how it can be good politics . "  This is a big rock to push up the hill , " warned Oregon Democrat Ron Wyden . But in fact there is reason to believe that tax reform might have a chance to pass . The proposal comes at a good time . Congress is stuck in the mud . As an institution , Congress needs a big victory . Polls show that the approval ratings of Congress have reached all-time lows , now having fallen to an abysmal nine percent . Although members of Congress tend to focus on their own electoral future , the public image of Congress has reached such a low point that the leaders of both parties are seriously concerned . When public disapproval of the institution is so strong , it creates the environment for a possible "  throw the bums " out atmosphere in which all parties are at risk for an anti-incumbent election . Nothing can boost the image of Congress as an institution like a reform that benefits the public interest over private interests . Although achieving tax reform is extraordinarily difficult , Democrats and Republicans could walk away from a deal looking as if they were finally willing to take on the status quo in Washington and to defy the powerful interest groups who lurk on K Street . This might be enough to bolster public attitudes about the House and Senate going into the next couple of election cycles . If Congress gores enough oxen , with both parties equally implicated in the reform , members could insulate themselves from the falloutâ $ " preventing one party from using this as an issue against the other -- and strengthen their standing with the electorate as a result . Both parties also stand to benefit from tax reform because it remains one of the best ways to raise revenue without raising taxes . One of the reasons that tax reform has always attracted the interest of fiscal conservatives is that cleaning up the tax code of its loopholes quickly raises more revenue . Most fiscal conservatives understand that serious deficit reduction is only possible through a combination of tax hikes and spending cuts . Although the United States has maintained a progressive tax code since 1913 , few upper income individuals or corporations pay the actual higher rates since loopholes diminish their obligations . Occasionally , such as in 1969 and 1986 , Congress has closed loopholes as a way to raise more money to curb the deficit . Unlike 1986 , this time the legislation would not be revenue neutral . The amount of money raised by closing loopholes would be more than the money saved by taxpayers enjoying lower rates , and that money could be used to help shrink the deficit . That could enable the grand bargain over deficit reduction that Democrats and Republicans have been unsuccessfully pursuing for years . As occurred when Ronald Reagan was president in 1986 , tax reform was an issue that both parties had an incentive to support . For unpopular Republicans , tax reform can offer evidence that the party is committed to fiscal responsibility and demonstrate that they are capable of governance . Passage of the legislation would offer a contrast to the image that the party gained when it used the debt ceiling to try to force President Obama 's hand on spending cuts . For Democrats , tax reform can shift the national agenda away from the problems with the roll out of the Affordable Care Act and toward a legislative accomplishment . Finally , tax reforms can be one of the first tests of the post-filibuster reform Congress . The Senate voted to prevent filibusters on executive and judicial nominations . They did so through a majority vote , establishing for the first time that a majority was sufficient to change the rules . Many experts predict that this precedent might scare senators from using the filibuster as much as in recent years , fearing that the tool might be eliminated altogether . It is thus possible that tax reform would now only require 51 , rather than 60 , votes in the Senate . President Obama could desperately use a victory like tax reform . As the chances for passing immigration reform diminish , and the possibilities of achieving progress on climate change are nil , tax reform might be one of the few areas where progress is possible . Ronald Reagan scored a big victory in 1986 , one that remains a noted part of his record and legacy . Unfortunately , over time new loopholes were created and there is a need for another around of reform . The president should seize the moment , to make sure that his second term is not solely defined by the bitter partisan battles over the budget and health care . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Sen. Max Baucus ' proposed to reform taxes is n't as crazy as it sounds He says Congress has reasons to want to reach agreement on tax reform Both parties would gain some credibility with public that feel Congress ca n't do anything , he says Zelizer : A deal on taxes would help cut deficit , close loopholes
CNN  -- President Obama said that police in Cambridge , Massachusetts , "  acted stupidly " in arresting a prominent black Harvard professor last week after a confrontation at the man 's home . Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. talks Wednesday about his ordeal with Cambridge police . "  I do n't know , not having been there and not seeing all the facts , what role race played , " Obama said Wednesday night while taking questions after a White House news conference . Cambridge authorities dropped disorderly conduct charges against Henry Louis Gates Jr. on Tuesday . Obama defended Gates on Wednesday night , while admitting that he may be "  a little biased , " because Gates is a friend . "  But I think it 's fair to say , No. 1 , any of us would be pretty angry ; No. 2 , that the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home ; and , No. 3 ... that there 's a long history in this country of African-Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately . " The incident , Obama said , shows "  how race remains a factor in this society . " Watch the president address the incident " The mayor of Cambridge said she is going to meet with the city 's police chief to make sure the scenario that caused Gates ' arrest does not happen again . "  This suggests that something happened that should not have happened , " Mayor E. Denise Simmons said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The situation is certainly unfortunate . This ca n't happen again in Cambridge . " Watch how the mayor plans to handle the situation " Gates said Simmons called him to apologize . He told CNN on Wednesday that although charges had been dropped , he will keep the issue alive . "  This is not about me ; this is about the vulnerability of black men in America , " Gates told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . Have race relations improved since Obama 's election ? Gates said he 'd be prepared to forgive the arresting officer "  if he told the truth " about what the director of Harvard 's W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research said were "  fabrications " in the police report . The officer , Sgt. James Crowley , told CNN affiliate WCVB earlier Wednesday that he will not apologize . "  There are not many certainties in life , but it is for certain that Sgt. Crowley will not be apologizing , " he said . Gates said the mayor of Cambridge , Massachusetts , called him to apologize about the incident , in which he was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct . Watch Gates talk about his arrest " CNN could not confirm Wednesday night that an apology was made . Cambridge Mayor E. Denise Simmons did not respond to requests by CNN for comment . Crowley wrote in the Cambridge police report that Gates refused to step outside to speak with him , the police report said , and when Crowley told Gates that he was investigating a possible break-in , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , "  Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? " the report said . Was the professor profiled ? " The report said Gates initially refused to show the officer identification , but eventually produced a Harvard identification card , prompting Crowley to radio for Harvard University Police . "  While I was led to believe that Gates was lawfully in the residence , I was quite surprised and confused with the behavior he exhibited toward me , " Crowley said , according to the report . Gates was arrested for "  loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space " and was released from police custody after spending four hours at the police station . He said Wednesday that he and his lawyers were considering further actions , not excluding a lawsuit . Gates said that although the ordeal had upset him , "  I would do the same thing exactly again . " Earlier this week , a prosecutor dropped the charge against Gates and the city 's police department recommended that the matter not be pursued .	NEW : Obama : Incident shows "  how race remains a factor in this society " NEW : Mayor says : "  This ca n't happen again in Cambridge . " Harvard 's Henry Louis Gates Jr. says he intends to keep the issue alive Arresting officer : "  It is for certain that -LSB- I -RSB- will not be apologizing "
CNN  -- Republicans ' tough task of taking back control of the Senate next year now looks even tougher . Sen. Pete Domenici , R-New Mexico , says he will retire at the end of his term . Republican Sen. Pete Domenici of New Mexico announced Thursday that he will not seek re-election . "  For the past 35 years my friends and neighbors have given me the honor of allowing me to serve them as their United States senator , " he said . "  Who could ask for anything more ? Domenici joins three other Republican senators who also are retiring at the end of their terms next year . Democrats took back both houses of Congress last November , but hold thin majorities . In the Senate , they have a 51-49 margin . Their advantage in the House of Representatives is 233-202 . Of 34 Senate seats being contested next year , Republicans hold 22 . With the four senators retiring and four others facing difficult re-election bids , the numbers are stacked against GOP hopes of recapturing the upper chamber of Congress . Read more about the senators who are retiring " Domenici , a six-term senator , earlier had hinted he would run for re-election despite some criticism of his role in the controversial firings of U.S. attorneys . One of the prosecutors , David Iglesias , contends Domenici and U.S. Rep. Heather Wilson , R-New Mexico , wanted him to push harder on a corruption investigation of state Democrats before the 2006 midterm elections . Iglesias said he felt "  leaned on " when Domenici called him to inquire about when indictments would be brought . The senator , who nominated Iglesias for the post , apologized for making the call but said he never pressured Iglesias . Domenici said he had complained to Justice Department officials about the pace of prosecutions in Iglesias ' office . Then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales said Domenici had complained to him about Iglesias in the fall of 2005 , saying the U.S. attorney "  was in over his head . " Iglesias , a Naval Reserve lawyer listed in a Justice Department evaluation as a "  diverse up-and-comer " before 2006 , was told to resign that December . Domenici , 75 , was first elected to the Senate in 1972 and has n't faced a tough re-election battle since then . But New Mexico 's other senator , Jeff Bingaman , is a Democrat , as is Gov. Bill Richardson , who is running for president , and Democrats are likely to pour a lot of resources into trying to capture Domenici 's seat . Republicans also face tough competition to hold onto the seats of retiring senators in Nebraska , Virginia and Colorado . In Nebraska , former Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns has told friends he will run for retiring Sen. Chuck Hagel 's seat . Johanns is a former Nebraska governor , and Hagel said he has encouraged him to run . Nebraska Attorney General John Bruning had planned to run against Hagel and still could run against Johanns for the Republican nomination . Two other Republicans are also in the hunt for the open seat . Former Democratic Sen. Bob Kerrey also is considering running for Hagel 's seat . President Bush handily carried Nebraska in his 2004 re-election , but an unpopular war and an unpopular president could give the Democrats hope next year . The state 's other senator , Ben Nelson , is a Democrat . In Virginia , where longtime Republican Sen. John Warner is retiring , Democratic former Gov. Mark Warner , no relation to the senator , intends to run for the open seat . Mark Warner 's term as governor ended in January 2006 , and he left office with high favorable ratings . Democrats have won three major statewide elections there this decade . In 2006 , Democrat Jim Webb ousted Republican Sen. George Allen by a margin of fewer than 10,000 votes , or less than half a percentage point . Webb 's victory helped give Democrats their slim Senate majority . On the Republican side , there could be a bitter primary fight between Rep. Tom Davis , a moderate from northern Virginia , and conservative former Gov. Jim Gilmore , who dropped out of the presidential race earlier this year . In Colorado , Sen. Wayne Allard announced this year that he 's retiring after his term finishes , and Democrats made major gains there in the 2004 and 2006 elections . In addition to those races , tough re-election fights lie ahead for Republican Sens. Susan Collins of Maine , John Sununu of New Hampshire , Norm Coleman of Minnesota and Gordon Smith of Oregon . As of now , only one Senate Democrat -- Mary Landrieu of Louisiana -- appears to face a challenge . The recent scandal involving Sen. Larry Craig 's arrest in an airport restroom should not hurt the GOP 's chances of holding on to his Senate seat in Idaho in 2008 , even if the Republican does leave office . Democrats have n't won a Senate seat in Idaho in more than 30 years . Craig had said he would resign from the Senate if he could not get his guilty plea to a disorderly conduct charge withdrawn by September 30 . But last week , Craig said he would n't resign until "  legal determinations " are made . On Thursday , a judge denied Craig 's request to withdraw his guilty plea . While the controversy over his arrest and guilty plea may not cost the GOP a Senate seat , it wo n't help his party either . E-mail to a friend	Pete Domenici is fourth Republican senator to announce his retirement Four other GOP senators face tough re-election fights next year Republicans hold 22 of the 34 Senate seats being contested in 2008 Democrats hold razor-thin majority in Senate , 51-49
WASILLA , Alaska  CNN  -- It was the night before Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin was to accept the Republican vice presidential nomination in a nationally televised speech , and Becky Moore could n't sleep a wink . Dr. Curt Menard , Gov. Sarah Palin 's family friend and childhood dentist , looks over her high school yearbook . She paced around her room and prayed before sending Palin an e-mail wishing her good luck . "  I was so nervous for her , " said Moore , a dietitian who lives in Palin 's hometown of Wasilla . "  I felt like she was my relative , like she was about to prove herself to the country . " As much as Moore was hoping for the best , there was a part of her that did n't want to share her governor and former mayor with the lower 48 , a term Alaskans use to refer to their distant countrymen with a mix of playfulness and disdain . "  No matter what happens , we win . If she becomes vice president , the rest of the country will see what a great leader she is . If she loses , we get her back , " Moore said . The night after Palin 's speech , Moore and friends from her book club gathered at Wasilla 's Pandemonium bookstore to discuss the Jeffrey Eugenides novel "  Middlesex . " But instead , the conversation centered on the poise and bravura with which Palin explained her views on resource development -- another Alaska term for oil and gas drilling -- family values , fighting corruption and reducing the role of government in private lives . Watch why some say Palin may overshadow Sen. John McCain " "  As a longtime Alaskan , she makes me proud . She 's sophisticated and intelligent . She can wear bunny boots and high heels and be comfortable in both , " said Paula Esche , a retired teacher who moved to Alaska from Wisconsin in 1963 . Indeed , with each proverbial crack Palin has made in Alaska 's political landscape , the story of her rise from hometown girl to political upshot has been retold over and over again in the Alaskan press and some national publications , including Vogue . iReport.com : What do you think of Sarah Palin ? To many , Palin 's iconic status is well-deserved , considering that the high school basketball star , former beauty queen and television journalist rose from Wasilla City Council member to Alaska 's first female governor in less than 14 years . See photos of Palin and her family " In Wasilla , a railroad town nestled among the mountains of south-central Alaska , she has earned a reputation for pursuing agendas with such doggedness that critics and supporters alike are compelled to acknowledge her fighting spirit . Palin 's family moved to Alaska in 1964 , when her father took a teaching job in Skagway . She was 2 months old . Her parents settled in Wasilla a few years later . Family friend and Matanuska-Susitna Borough Mayor Curt Menard said he would have never guessed that Palin 's tenacity would bring her this far . Nevertheless , he is not entirely surprised by her success . "  She has always gone after what she wants with great intensity and careful judgment . She works for what she feels is right , " said Menard , who is willing to take some credit for Palin 's winning smile as her childhood dentist . A table in Menard 's sunroom is littered with family photos and high school yearbooks that bear testament to the local folklore surrounding Palin . "  We did a lot of hunting and hiking together when the kids were little , " said Menard , gesturing to a picture of Palin as a young teen with her sister and Menard 's sons , surrounded by moose carcasses in a room for curing big game . Menard 's collection of Wasilla High School yearbooks contains pictures of Palin on the honor society , student council , cross-country team and , most notably , as co-captain and point guard of the 1982 championship basketball team . In high school , Palin also met her future husband , Todd , who moved to Wasilla in his senior year . In a story that has also charmed its way into the hearts of Palin 's constituents , they married at the courthouse in nearby Palmer in 1988 under the eyes of two witnesses they pulled from a nearby senior center . Palin entered local politics as a Wasilla City Council member in 1992 , serving two terms before she campaigned against incumbent Mayor John Stein on a platform of fiscal responsibility and pledges to break up the "  good old boys " network . During her mayoral campaign , many residents of Wasilla fondly recall that she knocked on doors to introduce herself and talk about their concerns . After becoming mayor , she often held community forums in coffeehouses . Within her administration , however , controversy flared up . After she took office in November 1996 , she asked for letters of resignation from six department heads based on allegations that they were still supporting the former mayor . She also fired Police Chief Irl Stambaugh , who unsuccessfully sued her for wrongful termination , according to court records . Though many favored her no-nonsense attitude and open door policy , Wasilla substitute teacher Anne Kilkenny compared the atmosphere surrounding Palin to a popularity contest . "  I found the informal manner in which she ran City Council meetings had the flavor of turning city business into a fan club , " said Kilkenny , a registered Democrat who moved to Wasilla from Seattle , Washington , in 1981 . This weekend , Kilkenny , one of the few identifiable Palin critics in Wasilla , wrote an e-mail to friends criticizing Palin 's track record that rapidly spread to blogs and Web sites . "  Everybody likes her because she 's a real nice person . She 's always been nice to me and everyone in town , " Kilkenny told CNN.com . "  I wrote my message in the spirit of providing complete and accurate information . I 'm not angry or jealous . " Praise and criticism followed Palin 's ascendance to the governor 's office after she won the state Republican primary against incumbent Gov. Frank Murkowski and took the general election in 2006 . Earlier this year , when Palin signed off on a contract for a Canadian company to construct a gas line linking Alaska with the lower 48 , she earned accolades from Alaskans who favor the development of natural resources . Others , however , said they believe Palin rushed the application process in an effort to win over voters . "  We 're giving away finite resources when we should be trying to get the maximum value for them , " said Jay Cross , a retired Alaska Guardsman who is a volunteer for Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign . "  Why the rush to create a pipeline that 's not going to Alaska tidewaters and creating jobs for Alaskans ? " For those without strong political allegiances , the mere presence of an Alaskan on a major party ticket is enough to raise interest . "  I just think it 's cool that someone from a small town like Wasilla can get as far as being nominated for vice president of the United States , " said T.J. Montañez , 21 . "  Maybe now the lower 48 will stop thinking we all live in igloos . "	Gov. Sarah Palin 's family moved to Alaska in 1964 , when she was 2 months old Palin rose from Wasilla City Council to Alaska 's governorship in 14 years "  She has always gone after what she wants with great intensity , " family friend says Praise and criticism followed Palin 's ascendance to the governor 's office
Editor 's note : Michael Steele is chairman of the Republican National Committee . Michael Steele says it 's becoming clear that the Obama administration is spending money recklessly . CNN  -- Friday marks President Obama 's 200th day in office , and in most respects , his second hundred days as president have been worse than the first 100 . Obama campaigned on bringing "  change " to America , and during his first 200 days as president , his real definition of change is becoming absolutely clear to Americans . Obama and congressional Democrats are determined to conduct their reckless and costly liberal experiments on the American people without any regard to the consequences . Whether a $ 787 billion stimulus bill , a "  cap-and-trade " scheme that is nothing more than a huge national energy tax on every American family and business , or a $ 1.6 trillion government-run health care plan , more and more Americans are rightfully concerned about Obama 's change for this country . Since Obama and Democrats rushed through Congress a $ 787 billion stimulus package , unemployment in America has risen close to 9.5 percent , and every indication is that it will climb even higher when July 's unemployment report is released Friday . In total , more than 2.6 million jobs have been lost since Obama took office . But what has the president 's stimulus bill brought us , if not the jobs he promised ? Wasteful spending , such as $ 18 million to redesign Recovery.gov , the very government Web site used to monitor stimulus spending , or $ 3.4 million for an "  eco tunnel " in Florida designed to provide safe passage for turtles looking to cross the street . This is not the economic stimulus that the American people expected . The second of Obama 's grand experiments on America was his massive so-called cap-and-trade bill that was rammed through the House of Representatives this past June so fast that congressmen were n't given the chance to read it . This bill is nothing more than a national energy tax , plain and simple . Its sole purpose is to increase the cost of energy so that Americans might use less . The Heritage Foundation estimated that it would end up costing the average American family up to $ 1,870 per year and decrease the national GDP by $ 161 billion in the year 2020 . The foundation also determined that during the 2012-2035 timeline , job losses would average more than 1.1 million . Add in the fact that it would do almost nothing to prevent "  climate change , " and all that is left is a national energy tax on environmentally friendly clothing . Obama 's third and final experiment of his first 200 days as president -- and arguably his most dangerous -- is the fundamental transformation of our health care system . Obama is correct about one thing : Our health care system needs reform . Health care today costs too much for families and small businesses , preventing too many Americans from accessing the affordable quality care they need , when they need it . However , the president 's prescription to rein in these costs has little to do with real-world dollars and cents and everything to do with the complete government takeover and control of one-sixth of the U.S. economy . The president claims that more government involvement in health care will promote competition . However , creating such a government-run entity would result in a massive government health care monopoly . Private insurers would soon be put out of business , unable to compete with the subsidized government-run plan the president and liberals want . More than 88 million Americans could be forced out of their current private insurance plans and into the government-run plan , according to a study by the Lewin Group . Obama claims that if you like your current health care , you can keep it , but this is simply not true . Then there is the issue of cost . Despite what the president says , his government-run plan wo n't make health care more affordable . Quite the opposite . Nothing ever becomes cheaper by being more expensive , and the Democrats ' plan would cost at least $ 1.6 trillion , according to an analysis by Roll Call . The Congressional Budget Office determined one of the House Democrats ' plans would add more than $ 200 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years . The president is also planning to cut hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicare and Medicaid to help pay for his government-run health care scheme . This is the epitome of robbing Peter to pay Paul . The president and his Democratic allies have looked to raise taxes on many small businesses to help pay for his government-run health care scheme , a foolish proposition even during the best of times , let alone during a recession . Many small businesses would be hit with a penalty equal to 8 percent of their payroll for failing to provide insurance for their employees . Punishing small-business owners with punitive tax legislation such as this will only increase the unemployment rate and extend the recession . Obama 's first 200 days in office should be seen for exactly what they are : a clear indication of where he intends to direct America during his presidency . It is a direction that places less emphasis on individual entrepreneurs and private creativity and instead places power in the hands of a massive federal bureaucracy . It is a direction that rams massive spending bills through Congress in the name of economic stimulus and job creation , it is a direction that masks a costly job-killing national energy tax in environmentalism , and it is a direction that looks to put federal bureaucracy between patients and their doctors all in the guise of reducing costs and expanding coverage . America simply ca n't afford the president 's experiments . The president has done all this in just 200 days , and there are still more than 1,200 days left in his administration . That 's a frightening thought . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Steele .	Michael Steele : The second hundred days have been worse than the first He says Obama 's programs call for massive spending on liberal priorities Cap-and-trade bill is a disguised energy tax on average Americans , he says He says health care reform would be costly and lead to government control
New York  CNN  -- Two Andy Warhol masterpieces are expected to sell for more than $ 100 million combined when they go up for auction next month in New York . Warhol 's "  Coca-Cola  3  " will be auctioned at Christie 's on November 12 , followed by his "  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " on November 13 at Sotheby 's . "  Coca-Cola  3  " , a 1962 painting by the late artist , depicts a human-size Coca-Cola bottle , and is one of the artist 's most iconic images . The auction house estimates the painting , which has resided in the same private collection for almost two decades , will go for between $ 40 million and $ 60 million . "  At a time when international top collectors are looking for blue-chip masterpieces , nothing is more iconic ... , " Brett Gorvy , a chairman at Christie 's , said in a press release . "  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " , part of Warhol 's vaunted "  Death and Disaster " series , has been in a private collection since 1988 and has rarely been viewed in public . Sotheby 's puts its auction value as possibly more than $ 60 million . Last year , Warhol , one of the pioneers of pop art , was one of the world 's top-selling artists , posthumously generating eight figures in sales . "  Silver Car Crash " will be on display in London on October 12 before it heads to auction . "  Coca-Cola  3  " will be on display in London October 12-18 and in New York from November 8-12 .	Paintings by pop artist will be auctioned one day apart Warhol painted iconic "  Coca-Cola  3  " in 1962 "  Silver Car Crash " is 8 feet by 13 feet in size
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The call came over the radio . "  Shots fired . " And then , even worse : "  Officer down . " Billy Rhoads , chief of the Fort Hood Fire Department , grabbed a radio and donned his flak jacket . He jumped into his SUV and tore down the road . A dozen or so blocks away , at the Soldier Readiness Center , a gunman had opened fire on soldiers . Rhoads stepped from his truck . His department 's motto is "  Protecting those who protect us . " He hoped he was not too late for that . The scene was chaotic . Wounded and dead soldiers were everywhere . "  I was listening to people hollering for help , and I was trying to get in there to see what we had , " Rhoads recalled three days after the November 5 attack . "  I assumed that we would have maybe several victims . I had no idea , I just could not fathom what we were going to encounter . " Amid all the army uniforms , one dark blue uniform stuck out . It was Fort Hood police Sgt. Kimberly Munley , who , officials say , shot the alleged gunman , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , to end the rampage . She suffered three gunshot wounds . "  I broke and ran over to her , " Rhoads said . "  I got over to her and began trying to talk to her . " Rhoads and Munley had worked closely in the past . He considers her a friend . Army medics had fashioned a makeshift tourniquet on her leg . He bent down to comfort her . She was extremely weak and unable to speak loudly . "  I just kept reminding her of her daughter and that she needed to stay with us for the baby 's sake , " he said . "  She 's a very tough cookie . " Munley , 34 , had served in the Army herself before becoming a police officer at Fort Hood . Her husband is a staff sergeant in the Army , and their daughter is 3 years old . Munley 's neighbors have said she is so tough , she stopped burglars from entering her house last year . Said Rhoads of Munley : "  The old saying that dynamite comes in small packages is very true . " Emergency personnel were flooding the scene , and helicopters were en route to evacuate the injured . Rhoads , who began as a volunteer firefighter 26 years ago when he was just a teen , took over the scene as incident commander . But first , he paused for a quick prayer . "  I just asked the Lord to be with me , to give me the strength and the courage I need to do my job wisely and keep my people safe . " Even as the first responders worked on the dozens of wounded soldiers , they were n't certain whether there were other shooters on the post . "  The thought 's always there on your mind that there could be another suspect in the area , " Rhoads said . As for Hasan , the fire chief says that discussing the shooting suspect is too emotional . "  I saw the suspect from a distance , but I never got a look at him . " Rhoads ' prayers remain with the soldiers he tries to keep safe . "  It 's very emotional for everybody when we lose our soldiers . But when we lose them here at home like this , it takes it to a different level . " He says the department has arranged for counselors to be available for the firefighters as they process all they have endured . They 've received phone and text messages from fire and police departments all across the country , offering support and prayer . But the main thing his firefighters have relied on , he says , is each other . "  Afterward , everyone started to console each other and talk to each other . It 's a brotherhood . "	Fire chief came across officer , told her she "  needed to stay " for her daughter Chief says people were hollering all over the scene : "  I had no idea " Billy Rhoads began firefighting when he was a teen
CNN  -- Apple Store employees , dressed in matching blue T-shirts , clapped and sang and made intermittent "  woo ! " cheers , as they walked past John H. , who was waiting in line to buy the iPhone 5 in Atlanta last month . The 29-year-old , who had never before waited in one of Apple 's I-need-the-product-immediately-so-I 'm - willing-to-stand-here-for-hours lines , did n't look amused . About the time the sun was coming up , John leaned against a railing at Lenox Square mall and pretty much scowled at all the hoopla . "  I did n't have anything better to do , " he said of his decision to come to the mall and wait in line to buy the newest Apple smartphone . John , who asked that his last name not be used , had just come off of an overnight shift with an airline . "  My girlfriend 's out of town , " he added . "  I 'm just hanging out . " One year after the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , that kind of indifference seems almost sacrilege when set against the history of Apple fanboy-dom that surrounds the company 's product launches . And while it 's true that that a woman in New York waited in line for eight days , braving rain , police , wrecks and everything else that would be horrible about sleeping outside in Manhattan for a week , the excitement for the iPhone 5 seemed less palpable than in the past , at least among the masses . The cause ? That 's anyone 's guess . Maybe it 's that this phone seems less exciting than its predecessors . Maybe it 's harder for fans to drum up enthusiasm for Apple now that the once-scrappy underdog has become the world 's richest and most powerful tech company . Or , more troubling for Apple loyalists , maybe some of the company 's sparkle is fading with consumers now that Jobs , the design perfectionist , is no longer signing off on new products . #WhatSteveJobsTaughtMe : Share your thoughts on his life and career Obviously , there 's no lack of luster in Apple 's stock price , which is reaching such heights -- it recently flirted with $ 700 a share -- that it 's been accused of swaying trends for entire markets . And Apple sold 5 million iPhone 5s in the first weekend , although that number was less than analysts had expected given the attendant hype and pent-up demand for the device . A shift , however , seemed evident at the launch of the new phone , at least with the random sampling of consumers who spoke with CNN that morning . It 's not that Apple is n't popular . It 's that perhaps the fans are n't as hyped up as they used to be . For starters , no one would claim Apple as a hero of the counterculture these days . That was evident in the fact that some of the line-standers in Atlanta talked about the phone not as some life-altering blessing from on high  the iPhone has been dubbed the "  Jesus phone , " let 's remember  but in consumer-y and practical terms . One man , 31-year-old Nick Loner , wanted a better camera before he went on a family vacation . Ed Veillette , 45 , was in line to buy the phone for his teenage son , who wanted to be able to show it off to friends in the school lunchroom . "  It could be a rock , " Veillette said . "  If everybody had a rock , he 'd want it . " Opinion : Apple seems to have gotten a little bit lost The vibe shift was apparent to die-hard Apple fans as well . "  The excitement has settled , " said Justin Henderson , 32 , who has waited in line for the new Apple smartphone every year since the iPhone launched . "  The biggest line I 've seen in the last five years was for the iPhone 4 . That line was ridiculous . " This line ? Less so . "  I think people know what they 're getting , and they 're just wanting to upgrade , versus getting the phone for the first time " and being super-thrilled about it , he said . In a YouTube video of the recent opening of an Apple store in Stockholm , some customers looked nonplussed , if not downright perturbed , by Apple 's clapping , chanting mob of blue-shirted employees . The company is having trouble controlling the tech pundits , too . In a post titled "  Confessions of a former Apple fanboy , " blogger Roy Choi writes that he is losing faith in Apple 's ability to gin up the same level of fanaticism in the post-Steve-Jobs era . "  I 'm not saying this iPhone iteration is an awful device , but I question whether Apple has the ability to maintain industry-leading innovation , " Choi writes on the site TechnoBuffalo . "  Apple has historically been known for creative design and disruptive technology , signature features that are surprisingly missing this time around . It is uncharacteristic of Apple to deliver an average product . My thoughts are that these specs can be found on nearly every other mid-to-high-end smartphone on the market . " Apple loyalist John Gruber , author of the influential blog Daring Fireball , wrote favorably about Amazon 's unveiling of its newest iPad competitor . "  Om Malik argues that  Amazon CEO Jeff  Bezos is the inheritor to Steve Jobs 's crown . I agree . Not because Bezos has copied anything Jobs did , but because he has not . What he 's done that is Jobs-like is doggedly pursue , year after year , iteration after iteration , a vision unlike that of any other company -- all in the name of making customers happy . " Forbes points out that the iPhone 5 was supposed to cement Jobs ' legacy . "  Reports around Steve Jobs ' passing talked about how he was focused on the iPhone 5 during his last days and predicted that it would be his ` legacy device , ' " contributor Chunka Mui writes . "  That seemed plausible , given Jobs ' reputation and the incremental nature of the iPhone 4S that came out around the same time , and helped to heighten the anticipation for this week 's iPhone 5 launch . "  The new iPhone does not meet those lofty ` legacy ' aspirations , however . The iPhone 5 is bigger , faster , thinner , etc. -- definitely a creditable offering that reiterates Apple 's design , engineering and marketing chops . While it does nothing to detract from Jobs ' design genius reputation , it does nothing to enhance it , either . " Apple has come under fire for its new error-filled maps application , which replaces Google Maps on iPhone 5s and in iOS 6 , the company 's new mobile operating system . In a rare public letter , Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized for the quality of the maps last week . Frustrated iPhone 5 users have also complained about a bug that causes their phones to suck cellular data even when connected to a Wi-Fi network . Of course , there 's always a counter-argument . Here 's one from Kris Abarilla , who responded to my question about the changing state of Apple fanboydom on Google + : "  Fanboydom certainly has n't changed much since Jobs . The people are loyal to the brand , not to the person who ran it . "  Even after people realize how bad the Maps App is in the new iOS 6 , those very same users are touting the greatness of Apple . " It 's clear Apple employees  check out this gallery ; hilarious  and the company 's fanboy and fangirl loyalists will continue not just to buy Apple products but to love them , and the company behind them . The question is : What about everyone else ? "  Though Apple will remain a highly profitable company for years to come , I would be surprised if it ever gives us another product as transformative as the  original  iPhone or the iPad , " writes Joe Nocera in the New York Times ' opinion section . "  Part of the reason is obvious : Jobs is n't there anymore , " he wrote . "  It is rare that a company is so completely an extension of one man 's brain as Apple was an extension of Jobs . While he was alive , that was a strength ; now it 's a weakness . Apple 's current executive team is no doubt trying to maintain the same demanding , innovative culture , but it 's just not the same without the man himself looking over everybody 's shoulder . " Good or bad , what lessons did you learn from Jobs ? Share your responses in the comments below , or join the conversation on Twitter using #stevejobstaughtme .	Some Apple consumers seem less enthused about the company these days Maybe that 's because of the death of Steve Jobs ; maybe it 's iPhone 5 glitches "  The excitement has settled , " one Apple fan in Atlanta says Still , the company 's stock is near an all-time high , and the iPhone 5 is selling well
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In the midst of the ongoing culture wars , can it be a good idea to put out a comedy about two Stone Age men who wander into the Bible ? In "  Year One , " Jack Black stars as an inquisitive Stone Age man , with Michael Cera as his sidekick . Harold Ramis thinks so . "  Year One , " which he directed , concerns two men -- played by Jack Black and Michael Cera -- who leave their home and , in their travels , meet biblical characters such as Cain , Abel , Abraham and Isaac . Among the locales : ancient Sodom , which "  did n't seem worse than Las Vegas to me , " Ramis told CNN . "  Year One " comes out Friday . Ramis , whose writing and directing credits include "  Groundhog Day " and "  Analyze This , " said it was time for a new biblical epic -- of sorts . "  No one had done this film for our generation , " he told CNN . It 's like , you know , when ` Animal House ' -LSB- which Ramis co-wrote -RSB- came out , there were college films . Every generation had college films , but our generation did n't have one yet , and I do n't know that our generation - this young , new generation of kids has a , you know , a sandal epic yet , and this is the one . This is for them . " Ramis rounded up a cast of comedians familiar to any watcher of Judd Apatow-produced movies -- no surprise , since Apatow is a producer of "  Year One . " Christopher Mintz-Plasse  "  Superbad "  , Horatio Sanz  "  Saturday Night Live , " "  Step Brothers "  and Bill Hader  "  Tropic Thunder "  all have parts . "  A lot of them were new to me , " said Ramis . " -LSB- But -RSB- Jack knew them , Michael knew them , they were connected -- all connected through Judd Apatow , through ` Saturday Night Live ' ... the comedy world is a club . " Black joked that everyone 's a member of a secret society , requiring retinal scans , that meets "  inside the O of the Hollywood sign -- the first O , " he noted . . "  All the projects are laid out on a table , " he said . "  And we talk generally about how we 're gon na take over the planet , take over the comedy and keep a vise grip on it . " Black said he revels in the chance to find the humor in the Bible . "  That was the fun of this thing , " he said . "  It 's like , we are going to have some fun with the Bible ; you do n't see it very often . It has n't really been done since Monty Python days . ` Life of Brian . ' " However , the film could get more than it asked for . Films poking fun at the Bible -- or , indeed , treating the Bible with anything less than reverence -- have been the subject of protests and criticism . "  Life of Brian , " the Python troupe 's 1979 comedy about an assumed messiah that parodied the story of Jesus , was protested by clergy in the U.S. and banned outright in Ireland . French protesters threw Molotov cocktails into a Paris theater showing "  The Last Temptation of Christ , " Martin Scorsese 's 1988 film version of Nikos Kazantzakis ' novel . More recently , Mel Gibson 's "  The Passion of the Christ , " though a huge financial success , was criticized by some observers for alleged anti-Semitism , as well as its violence . Ramis , who observed that a number of biblical films focus on the New Testament , said he deliberately chose to make the Old Testament his subject . "  I told people that I wanted to do for the Old Testament what Monty Python did for the Gospels , " he said . "  Which is just to kind of take a funny look and project a contemporary sensibility back to these treasured myths of Western civilization . "  It was n't so much to attack any particular religion , " he added . "  I figure all religions are good . They all make sense on paper ; it 's just the exploitation of religion that 's been a problem , by ... people using religion to justify war , or to justify government or , you know , ` God made me do it . ' " Ramis said one of his intentions with "  Year One , " which he co-wrote with "  Office " writers Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg , was to focus on people , not God . Paraphrasing the liberal clergyman and activist William Sloane Coffin , he said , God 's not the event itself , but "  God 's in our reaction to the event . " "  I wanted to do a film that kind of addressed these fundamental beliefs and urged people to take personal responsibility , no matter what they believe God is or is n't , " Ramis said . "  It 's still up to us in the final analysis . " Which is not to say that the film skimps on its comedy -- and with Ramis , Black , Cera , Hank Azaria , David Cross and producer Judd Apatow  "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin , " "  Superbad "  around , there 's no shortage of jokes . "  It 's really just a good , dumb , broad comedy , " Ramis told Entertainment Weekly . Improvisation often played a role , said Cera and Black . "  We were n't locked to anything , " Cera said . "  It was a very honest set . If something was n't working then we would address it . " "  We got a lot of different options -LSB- from observers -RSB- , and they were able to play with different options in the editing room . I thought it was a cool way to do it , " said Black . "  I 've never done a movie like that -- and now I wan na do that on all my movies . " iReport.com : Seen "  Year One " ? Share your review The handful of early reviews have been positive , and Ramis is pleased with the result . He 's particularly happy the film was received warmly in the Sodom shooting location -- Sibley , located in northwest Louisiana , in the heart of the Bible Belt . "  It 's funny , because Southern people living in the heart of the Bible belt , there 's a Baptist church every 150 feet in that area , and here we are in Sodom , in the city of Sodom , " he said . "  And they just got into it , they enjoyed it so much . "	"  Year One " stars Jack Black and Michael Cera as Stone Age men in Bible Director and co-writer Harold Ramis says the film uses comedy to make points Biblical films are sometimes met with protest ; will "  Year One " qualify ?
CNN  Introducing the Latina Meryl Streep , Act I . When she was growing up in Chicago , that 's what Gina Rodriguez wanted to be . At the time , as the daughter of Puerto Rican migrants , that dream must have seemed unattainable . Now , not so much . For the last several months , the NYU graduate has been winning praise for her acting chops . And Sunday , she became only the second Latina to ever win a Golden Globe award for best actress , for her role in the television show "  Jane the Virgin , " which airs on the CW network . The first was America Ferrera , who in 2007 took home a Golden Globe for her role in the television show "  Ugly Betty . " Among the performers in the audience cheering on Rodriguez 's win Sunday night : Meryl Streep . What turns this from a good story into a great one is that Rodriguez -- recently dubbed the entertainment industry 's "  Next Big Thing " by The Hollywood Reporter -- is more than just a talented actress . We 've seen those before . True , given Hollywood 's antiquated predilection toward telling stories in black and white -- to the exclusion of Hispanics , Asians and others who do n't fit into that narrow color scheme -- not enough of the talented Latina actresses who came before got the recognition they deserved or roles that reflected reality . But they were there , on screen and on film . Many Latinos have had Rodriguez on their radar for the last several months . It 's all because of a series of thoughtful and provocative interviews that she has given about her priorities , world view and career choices . Read the interviews and you 'll see : What makes Rodriguez special is not that she can play a character , but that she has character . They do n't teach that sort of thing in acting school . You get it from your parents . And , in this case , Rodriguez obviously got it from hers -- Genaro and Magali . In July , on a panel during the Television Critics Association summer press tour in Beverly Hills , Rodriguez discussed why she had turned down a role in Lifetime 's "  Devious Maids " where Latinas are cast as -- oh , the suspense -- housekeepers . She explained : "  I found it limiting for the stories that Latinos have . For the stories that Americans have , I feel like there 's a perception that people have about Latinos in America specifically -- somebody growing up in Chicago , English being my first language , Spanish being my second -- that we are perceived a very certain way . Our stories have been told , and they 're not unmoralistic -- you know , being a maid is fantastic . You know , I have many family members that have fed many of their families on doing that job , but there are other stories that need to be told . And I think that the media is a venue and an avenue to educate and teach our next generation . " She turned down a steady paycheck , with no guarantee that something else would come along . "  I did n't become an artist to be a millionaire , " she told the gathering . "  I did n't become an actor to wear Louis Vuitton . I have to give this dress back when we 're done . I became an actor to change the way I grew up . The way I grew up , I never saw myself on screen . I have two older sisters . One 's an investment banker . The other one is a doctor , and I never saw us being played as investment bankers . And I realized how limiting that was for me . I would look at the screen and think , ` Well , there 's no way I can do it , because I 'm not there . ' And it 's like as soon as you follow your dreams , you give other people the allowance to follow theirs . " When "  Jane the Virgin " came along , Rodriguez thought the show -- which is loosely adapted from a Venezuelan telenovela -- was the "  most authentic , genuine representation " of a Latino family that she had ever seen on television , she told The New York Times . It has the alluring spice of cultural references , but not to the point where it overpowers the palate . "  For once , I was reading a script where they were n't talking about my ethnicity , " she told the Times . "  They were n't putting a Puerto Rican flag on my shoulder . They were n't putting a taco in my hand . " In an industry full of people who are known for being shallow , self-centered and afraid to make waves , Rodriguez is none of those things . She is smart , brave and eager to challenge those in power to confront their prejudices and blind spots . Oddly enough , these are the kinds of things that are supposed to get you in trouble in Hollywood , where people think of themselves as liberal and do n't much appreciate those who tell them otherwise . Remember the Sony hack story , and how flustered the liberal studio executives , writers , producers and actors became when it was revealed that some of what they say in private is n't very progressive ? But Rodriguez is n't in trouble . Instead , she 's on the fast track to stardom . And , best of all , she seems intent on taking her community along for the ride .	Gina Rodriguez says her show , "  Jane the Virgin , " gives an authentic picture of a Latino family She is smart and brave to challenge Hollywood 's prejudices and blind spots , says Ruben Navarrette
CNN  -- After deliberating for only 45 minutes , a jury convicted an Alabama man Thursday of throwing his four children off a Gulf Coast bridge in January 2008 , according to prosecutors . Lam Luong , 38 , admitted throwing the children , who ranged in age from 3 years to 4 months , off the Dauphin Island bridge south of Mobile , according to CNN affiliate WKRG . Charged with five counts of capital murder , he changed his plea to guilty last week . However , Alabama law requires that all capital cases go before a judge and jury , WKRG said . The sentencing phase of Luong 's trial will begin Friday , the Mobile County District Attorney 's office told CNN . Jurors will decide whether he should receive the death penalty or life in prison without parole . A judge is not bound by the jury 's decision , however , and Alabama law requires an automatic appeal in capital cases . Luong and his wife were having marital difficulties , prosecutors said . WKRG reported that during opening arguments in the trial , prosecutors told jurors Luong threw the kids off the bridge so he could see the look on his wife 's face . Luong was on crack at the time , and he told investigators they could charge him if they found the children 's bodies before breaking into laughter , jurors were told . The defense called no witnesses , but told jurors Luong was intoxicated at the time and was incapable of forming the necessary intent to be convicted of a capital offense , asking them to convict him of manslaughter , WKRG said . During the trial , jurors heard about the search for the children 's bodies and saw graphic video of the bodies floating in the water , the station reported . A commercial fisherman recording rough weather off the coast of Venice , Louisiana , found one body , while two duck hunters and a Mississippi marine officer found the other three , according to WKRG . Luong looked down , away from the overhead screens , when the photographs of the children 's bodies were shown . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Lam Luong , 38 , admitted throwing the children off the Dauphin Island bridge Prosecutors said Luong threw the kids so he could see the look on wife 's face The four children ranged in age from 3 years to 4 months The sentencing phase of Luong 's trial will begin Friday
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to Georgia to learn about the toll military service is taking on two veterans . Chris Tucker , who served three tours in Iraq , suffers from hearing , back , foot problems and still has nightmares . SAVANNAH , Georgia  CNN  -- As his tank rolled into Baghdad in April 2003 , Chris Tucker mounted his camera to capture the moment . "  It 's history ; we made history , " he told CNN back then . "  It 's my first war , hopefully my last war . " He could not have imagined then that six years later , Iraq would still be a combat zone . "  I thought we would get there quick and handle our business and we 'd be out , " Tucker told us this week . "  At least , that 's what we were told anyway . " Tucker received a medical discharge from the Army last year and he now is Officer Chris Tucker of the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department . "  You still get to serve your community and your country in other ways , " he said . At age 26 , he is a veteran of three combat tours . The patrol skills he learned on the streets of Baghdad , Fallujah and Sadr City come in handy as he drives his police cruiser around the neighborhoods of his Savannah precinct . "  Some people -- you will be moving around the corner and they will just run , " Tucker said as he drove his cruiser . "  And you can tell they are favoring one side -- maybe they have a gun . " He loves his new job , and the joys of fatherhood . His daughter Callie was born three months ago . iReport.com : Send your salute to troops "  So my life is slowing down , " Tucker said . "  But I enjoy the slow pace . " But he has n't left it all behind . As the war hits the six-year mark , Tucker is part of a history -- and a legacy -- still being written as the military tries to better understand the depth of the damage to those exposed repeatedly to the violence . "  I still have the nightmares and wake up and find myself downstairs and I do n't know how I got there , " Tucker said . "  I still see and dream the same things . ... Faces . Kids ' faces . People that you have engaged or you have had contact with . ... You see your colleagues blown up . Things like that . " He left the Army with a sour taste . He was sent back for his third tour despite the nightmares , depression , major hearing loss and painful injuries to his back and both feet . Then , the Army decided to give him a medical discharge for his back issues even though Tucker believes he could have recovered with rehabilitation . But he tries not to dwell on his frustration . "  I try to distance myself from it as much as I can , because for me , the more I think about it , the more I reflect on what happened and what we did , the more I think the dreams and the nightmares actually come back . " Tucker is as tired of the Iraq war as anyone , but his experience tells him things can suddenly take a turn for the worse , and so he is skeptical of President Obama 's promise to get most combat troops out of Iraq by August 2010 . Watch former VP Cheney discuss Iraq war strategy " "  I think we are in too deep to pull out , " Tucker said . "  You ca n't just commit the way we committed and then say , ` OK , we are done . ' ... Politics should not be involved in the way the war is handled . " There will be no more tours for Tucker , but a colleague on the Savannah-Chatham force will soon deploy for his first Iraq tour , and is being ribbed around the precinct , by Tucker and others , as "  the grandpa going off to war . " Police Cpl. Randy Powell is 50 years old and became a grandfather just last week . Watch Tucker and Powell tell their stories " Powell served nearly 20 years ago in the Persian Gulf War , then in 1992 took an early retirement package when the Army was downsizing after the war . The deal required him to stay on what the military calls the IRR -- the Individual Ready Reserve -- but even as troops were sent to Afghanistan after 9/11 and then to Iraq for repeat combat tours , Powell heard nothing . Then last year , nearly 15 years after leaving the military , he was told to report to a local Reserve center . Another request came in January of this year . Both times , after some perfunctory paperwork , Powell was sent home . But when he returned home from work one day last month , an overnight letter from the Army had arrived with orders that he was being activated for an Iraq deployment . First , starting next month , he 'll have refresher training on radar systems at Fort Jackson in South Carolina . "  They 're kind of shocked , " Powell said of his family . But there are no complaints from Powell -- to the contrary . "  I still feel I am fully capable of being a soldier , " he told us outside at his police precinct . "  Once a soldier , always a soldier . I find that it 's an honor to serve within the military . I enjoyed the military while I was in . Kind of looking forward to getting back in the groove . "	Savannah police officer lives with physical , mental injuries from Iraq war Veteran is skeptical about plans to pull out of Iraq 50-year-old colleague on force is being called back into service He 's not complaining -- "  Once a soldier , always a soldier , " he says
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel clinched a record equaling fourth successive world title Sunday with another superbly judged drive to win the Indian Grand Prix . The 26-year-old German has joined compatriot Michael Schumacher and Argentine legend Juan Manuel Fangio as the only men to achieve that feat by wrapping up the 2013 championship with three rounds still remaining . Only two-time champion Fernando Alonso could have denied him the title , but the Spaniard finished back in 11th in his Ferrari . Nico Rosberg finished a distant second for Mercedes with Romain Grosjean completing the podium places in third after Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber saw his race ended on lap 40 of 60 by an alternator problem . This did not prevent Red Bull from clinching their fourth straight constructors ' title on a day of double triumph for the UK-based team . Vettel was winning his sixth straight Grand Prix , his seventh in eighth races in a run which has seen him pull clear of his fellow title contenders . "  To be able to join people such as Michael  Schumacher  and Fangio is unbelievable , " said Vettel as he celebrated his victory . "  I 'm overwhelmed , one of the best days of my life , " he added . Vettel , who started from pole , pitted on the second lap to change to the longer lasting medium tire , leaving Webber to lead the way in his quest to mark his final year in F1 with a victory . But after the final round of tire changes , Vettel was well set to complete his hat-trick of victories at the Buddh International Circuit even before Webber 's race came to a premature end . View : CNN 's F1 interactive for latest results and standings Vettel avoided a similar fate and took the checkered flag in splendid isolation for his 10th victory in 16 races and 36th of his remarkable career . He can match Schumacher 's 2004 record of 13 victories if he can continue his incredible run of success in Abu Dhabi , the United States and Brazil . The dogged Alonso , who was runner-up to Vettel last season , was handicapped by an early collision with Webber , leaving his teammate Felipe Massa to take fourth place with Sergio Perez an excellent fifth for McLaren . Lewis Hamilton took sixth in the second Mercedes , ahead of Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus , who denied Vettel the fastest lap after a late change on to the faster , but quickly deteriorating softer tire . Paul Di Resta and Adrian Sutil occupied the next two spots for Force India in their home grand prix with Daniel Ricciardo claiming the final point for Red Bull 's sister team Toro Rosso .	Sebastian Vettel clinches fourth successes F1 world title 26-year-old German wins Indian Grand Prix Nico Rosberg finishes second for Mercedes Red Bull seal constructors ' title despite Mark Webber 's retirement
CNN  -- Osiel Cardenas Guillen , the former head of a powerful Mexican drug cartel , was sentenced to 25 years in prison and will forfeit to the United States $ 50 million in illegal proceeds , a judge ruled . Cardenas Guillen , 42 , was the leader of the Matamoros , Mexico-based Gulf cartel until his capture in 2003 . He was subsequently extradited to the United States to face drug trafficking charges in 2007 . U.S. District Judge Hilda Tagle handed down the sentence Wednesday , following an earlier guilty plea by the drug kingpin . Under Cardenas Guillen 's leadership , the Gulf cartel was responsible for smuggling thousands of kilograms of cocaine and marijuana into the United States , the FBI said in a news release . According to the FBI , in 1999 Cardenas Guillen threatened to kill a U.S. undercover sheriff 's deputy . In another incident , he threatened the lives of two U.S. agents . "  The successful prosecution of Cardenas Guillen underscores the joint resolve of the United States and Mexico to pursue and prosecute the leadership of the drug trafficking cartels , dismantle their organizations and end the violence and corruption they have spawned , " U.S. Attorney Jose Angel Moreno said . Cardenas Guillen pleaded guilty to five felony charges , including conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute , conspiracy to launder money and threatening to assault and kill federal agents . Tagle also fined Cardenas Guillen $ 100,000 and ordered him to five years probation once his sentence is served . He is not eligible for parole .	Sentence handed down Wednesday after drug kingpin 's earlier guilty plea FBI : Cardenas Guillen in 1999 threatened to kill an undercover sheriff 's deputy He also threatened the lives of two U.S. agents
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- The world may soon know for sure where Spanish poet and playwright Federico Garcia Lorca rests after fascists executed him in 1936 during Spain 's Civil War . A team from the Andalucia Geophysics Institut at work in the Federico Garcia Lorca Park , Spain . Officials in southern Spain Friday cleared the last legal hurdle to permit exhuming a mass grave site in a village near Granada where Lorca and some other Civil War victims are thought to be buried , CNN partner station CNN + reported . The area has been fenced off for weeks as scientists conducted preparatory work . Next Monday  October 19  they are due to erect a large tent over the site so that exhumation can be conducted confidentially , said Andalusia regional government justice councilor Begona Alvarez , CNN + reported from Granada . The potential exhumation of Lorca is part of a broader effort in Spain that already has resulted in various mass graves being dug up and could lead to thousands of other Spaniards still thought to be in mass graves . Many were killed by right-wing forces loyal to General Francisco Franco , who won the three-year long Civil War , which began in 1936 . Franco went on to rule Spain with an iron fist until his death in 1975 . For years , Lorca descendants have argued that Lorca -- whose poems and plays are widely studied at universities , including his "  Poet in New York " -- should not be exhumed , mainly so that he would not be seen as more important than the many other Civil War victims thought to be in nearby mass graves . In a statement earlier this month , Lorca descendants noted the complexity of the issue , because relatives of some others thought to be in the gravesite have requested their removal , identification , and permission to bury their remains in hometown cemeteries . In their October 2 statement , six Lorca descendants reiterated their request that Lorca 's presumed remains not be disturbed . But they also reserved the right to have them identified in the future , and they asked authorities to designate the current mass grave site as a legally defined resting place . It is already a park , in the village of Alfacar , because that 's where it 's long been thought that Lorca , captured by Franco loyalists early in the Civil War , was shot dead , according to historians who interviewed witnesses and local villagers . Relatives of a bullfighter , Francisco Galadi , a tax inspector , Fermin Roldan and a restaurant owner , Miguel Cobo , have asked authorities to identify their remains , officials said . But in the case of teacher Dioscoro Galindo , also executed and thought to be in the mass grave , two of his nieces are at odds over whether to exhume him or not , so officials will not act until that family reaches a common position , CNN + reported . Irish author Ian Gibson , who is a leading scholar on Lorca , told CNN last year , "  Lorca is the most famous victim of the Civil War . I think Lorca can be a symbol for reconciliation of the Civil War . " Spanish parliament in 2007 , led by the Socialist government , passed a law condemning Franco 's dictatorship and calling on town halls to fund initiatives to unearth mass graves . It also sought to honor Roman Catholic clergy and others executed by the losing side in the war , the forces loyal to the leftist Republican government . Since then , some prominent statutes of Franco have been removed from public view , but others remain , along with numerous streets in Spain named for Franco or his top generals . More recently , there have been efforts to try to exhume presumed Franco victims from a mass grave at his large mausoleum site , the Valley of the Fallen , just outside of Madrid , where Franco himself is buried .	Resting place of Spanish poet Federico Garcia Lorca may soon be known Legal clearance been granted permitting exhumation of mass grave near Granada Lorca executed in 1936 by General Franco 's forces during Spanish Civil War Thousands of Spaniards killed in the civil war still thought to be in mass graves
A University of California San Diego student left unmonitored in a holding cell for five days by the Drug Enforcement Administration has settled a lawsuit for $ 4.1 million , his attorney said . "  This was a mistake of unbelievable and unimaginable proportions , " attorney Julia Yoo said on Tuesday . Daniel Chong , 25 , drank his own urine to survive and even wrote a farewell note to his mother before authorities discovered him severely dehydrated after a 2012 drug raid in San Diego . He was held in a 5-by-10-foot cell with no windows but a peephole through the door . It had thick concrete walls and was situated in a narrow hallway with four other cells , isolated from the rest of the DEA facility , said Eugene Iredale , another of Chong 's attorneys . There was no toilet , only a metal bench on which he stood in a futile attempt to set off the sprinkler system with his cuffed hands , Chong told CNN affiliate KSWB . He kicked the door and yelled , anything to get someone 's attention , the station reported . "  I was screaming . I was completely insane , " he told KWSB . One matter still unclear is why no one heard him . Chong told the San Diego Union-Tribune last year that he heard footsteps , muffled voices and the opening and closing of cell doors , even from the cell adjacent to his . Yet no one responded to the ruckus coming from inside his cell . Chong was detained on the morning of April 21 , 2012 , when DEA agents raided a house they suspected was being used to distribute MDMA , commonly known as "  ecstasy . " A multiagency narcotics task force , including state agents , detained nine people and seized about 18,000 ecstasy pills , marijuana , prescription medications , hallucinogenic mushrooms , several guns and thousands of rounds of ammunition from the house , according to the DEA . It was n't until the afternoon of Wednesday , April 25 , that an agent opened the steel door to Chong 's cell and found the handcuffed student , Iredale said last year . Upon his release , Mr. Chong told CNN affiliate KNSD that he was visiting a friend and knew nothing about the presence of drugs and guns . He was never formally arrested or charged , the DEA said . While detained , Chong had given up and accepted death , using a shard of glass from his glasses to carve "  Sorry Mom " onto his arm as a farewell message , Yoo said . Chong lost 15 pounds and suffered from severe post-traumatic stress disorder , she said . "  He 's the strongest person I have ever met , " Yoo said . "  As a result of his case , it 's one of the primary reasons the DEA placed a nationwide policy that calls on each agent at satellite offices to check on the well-being of prisoners in their cells on a daily basis , " Yoo said . A DEA spokeswoman declined to comment extensively about the settlement and told CNN that a review of DEA procedures was conducted and submitted to the inspector general 's office at the Department of Justice . She also referred CNN to a previous statement . "  I am deeply troubled by the incident that occurred here , " said DEA San Diego Special Agent in Charge William R. Sherman shortly after the incident . "  I extend my deepest apologies to the young man and want to express that this event is not indicative of the high standards that I hold my employees to . " Since the incident , Chong has returned to complete his undergraduate degree at UC San Diego , Yoo said . "  He changed his major from engineering to economics and wants to finish school , pursue his career and help take care of his mother . "	"  I was screaming . I was completely insane , " student tells station College student Daniel Chong was detained after a DEA raid at a friend 's house in 2012 He was left in a cell for five days without food or water and lost 15 pounds , attorney says Chong has since returned to university to earn an economics degree , attorney says
A three-judge panel court on Tuesday acquitted Baltimore Orioles pitcher Alfredo Simon of charges in the shooting death of a man in his hometown . Simon was charged with involuntary murder in the death of Michell Esteban Castillo , 25 , and with injuring the victim 's cousin Starlin Castillo , 17 , early on January 1 in the nearby town of Luperon . Defense attorneys argued that the prosecution failed to prove Simon fired the pistol that killed Castillo , who he said was a childhood friend , during a New Year 's Eve celebration . Prosecutors claimed that Simon had bribed witnesses , including the wounded cousin , who on Tuesday appeared less certain that Simon was the shooter than he had been in previous statements to police and the media . Prosecutors said they will wait for the official verdict to be released but plan to appeal to the regional appellate court in Santiago . In the Dominican Republic , prosecutors can appeal an acquittal to a higher court within 20 working days . Simon faces a 10-year sentence on the charges . The 30-year-old right-hander started 23 games for the Orioles this season and posted a record of 4-9 with a 4.90 earned-run average . According to local news website gentetuya.com , Simon is expected to sign a $ 12 million contract with the Orioles .	Alfredo Simon was charged with killing one man , wounding another on January 1 Defense said prosecution failed to prove he fired the gun that killed Michell Castillo , 25 Prosecutors claim Simon bribed witnesses , including the wounded 17-year-old
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Tyrese Gibson is far from the first singer to make the transition from music to movies . However , the "  Transformers " star is blazing a whole new trail with his latest crossover venture . Tyrese Gibson voices "  Mayhem , " a hero described as the "  embodiment of raw justice and vengeance . " The actor/singer/model has partnered with Apple to develop his own comic book series called "  Mayhem , " and he 's doing it in a very nontraditional way -- digitally . "  There was an experience that I felt was pretty limiting as far as the comic book experience itself on paper , " says Gibson , who stresses that he did not grow up reading comic books and is not a comic book veteran . " -LSB- So -RSB- I set up this technology with my team and this is the first-ever digital comic book -LSB- on iTunes -RSB- in the history of comic books . " The third issue of "  Mayhem , " which is downloadable from iTunes , is the first to go digital . It features an interactive version of a comic book with sound effects , page turns and even voiceover . Gibson himself voices the title character , a masked , dagger-hurling hero described as the "  embodiment of raw justice and vengeance . " Gibson 's new hobby is another example of Hollywood 's love affair with comic books . Just last month , Walt Disney Studios acquired Marvel Entertainment -- and all 5,000 of the comic book company 's characters -- for $ 4 billion in cash and stock . With the success of action films based on comic book notables , including "  Batman , " "  Iron Man " and "  Wolverine , " it 's not a stretch to think that Gibson might be strapping on the "  Mayhem " costume for a summer blockbuster in the future . But for now , Gibson is focused on the early stages of his new venture . Although he would not provide details on sales figures , he did say that worldwide sales of "  Mayhem " would "  knock your socks off . " The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : What turned you on to comic books ? Tyrese Gibson : I went out to Comic-Con about a year or so ago to promote the film "  Death Race . " When I was out there , I really got to know some of the fans and I was just asking questions like , "  Look at you , you 've got a full on Superman costume on or Batman costume , " and they were just like , "  I just love comic books . " It was the first time I was ever exposed to that much selfless passion , to the point to where you do n't care how silly you may look -- you do n't even consider it silly . ... That really did something for me , because I 'm motivated by passion . I thought ... I want to figure a way to be a part of this world , and that 's when "  Mayhem " was born . " CNN : Where did the story of "  Mayhem " come from ? Gibson : Me and my partner Mike Lee and Will Wilson all got together , we started brainstorming about different concepts and different directions we could send this character in and we came up with something pretty unique . It 's an ongoing series and so as soon as you think you 've got it figured out , there 's a cliffhanger that makes you want to read the second issue and the third issue . CNN : You 're a newcomer to this genre . What 's been the feedback from the comic book community ? Gibson : In everything you do , there 's gon na be cynics and those folks questioning what your motivation is behind getting into anything . I dealt with it when I went from one career move to the next : "  Man , stick to singing ; stick to acting . " I dealt with a lot of that from certain folks in the comic book world . ... They wrote these long e-mails and -LSB- started -RSB- on a smear campaign . I came into this whole thing very innocent . I discovered my love for comic books and I want as many people as possible to experience my comic book . There 's this digital revolution that 's out there but the comic book world has not embraced this digital revolution on a level that it should be embraced on . And so I reached out to my contacts and I set up a meeting ... and this is my baby . CNN : Artist Jim Lee is very big in the comic book world . How did he get involved in this project ? Gibson : I found Jim Lee on Twitter ... and we just kind of took it from there . CNN : What did you learn from him ? Gibson : So much , so much . He basically made me aware of all of the big players in the comic world like Alan Moore and Grant Morrison . He just painted this picture about who 's who in the comic book world and he schooled me on that level . CNN : A lot of comic book characters become heroes on the big screen . Does "  Mayhem " have a future in film ? Gibson : Right now , there is no conversation on any level about "  Mayhem " becoming a film . We 've been approached a few times but my mind state is this : You ca n't expect to sell out the Staples Center until you sell a bunch of records . So we 're really trying to establish the fan base for "  Mayhem " before we try to turn it into film . There 's still plenty of time for that .	Tyrese Gibson , who starred in "  Transformers , " has created comic book superhero Gibson 's character is called Mayhem , "  embodiment of raw justice and vengeance " Gibson has no comic book background ; he was impressed by passion of devotees Comic book is available digitally on iTunes as an LP
CNN  -- When the European Union recently lifted economic sanctions on Myanmar , it closed a decades-long chapter designed to encourage democratic reform in the country . Although an arms embargo remains in place , the action will send an unequivocal message of "  mission accomplished . " But while the EU is celebrating the "  new Myanmar , " Rohingya Muslims in the western part of the country are targets in what appears to be an ongoing campaign of government-supported crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing . Killings and arson attacks between ethnic Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims first erupted in Myanmar 's Rakhine State in June 2012 , and were followed in October by well-coordinated attacks on Rohingya populations . More than 125,000 Rohingya were forced into dozens of internally displaced camps while tens of thousands of others fled the country , launching Southeast Asia 's newest refugee crisis . Satellite images obtained by Human Rights Watch from just five of the 13 townships that experienced violence since June show 27 unique zones of destruction , including the destruction of 4,862 structures covering 348 acres of mostly Muslim-owned residential property . Myanmar 's government has repeatedly characterized what happened as "  inter-communal violence " between bitter enemies -- Arakanese Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims -- denying any involvement of the state or abuses by state security officials . Since June , I visited several sites of attacks and every major camp for the displaced , interviewing more than 100 victims and witnesses of abuse , as well as some perpetrators of violence . There is extensive evidence of complicity of the state in ethnic cleansing . Following the first wave of violence and without setting foot in Rakhine State , the EU and others were quick to welcome the Myanmar authorities ' "  measured response " to the crisis . A spokesperson for the EU 's high representative on foreign affairs , Catherine Ashton , said on June 11 , "  We believe that the security forces are handling this difficult inter-communal violence in an appropriate way . " The reality on the ground was very different . Rohingya survivors alleged how in June soldiers not only failed to protect them from arsonist mobs , but opened fire when they attempted to extinguish the fires , killing scores . Government authorities in Arakan State were busy bulldozing mosques , blocking humanitarian aid to Rohingya populations , conducting violent mass arrests of Muslim men and boys , and digging mass graves , impeding accountability . Human Rights Watch located the existence of at least four such grave sites . IN PICTURES : Myanmar 's sectarian crisis Two days after the EU 's June statement , a government truck dumped 18 naked and half-clothed bodies near a camp for displaced Rohingya , according to Human Rights Watch . Some of the victims had been "  hogtied " with string or plastic strips before being executed . The move sent a strong message , consistent with a policy of ethnic cleansing , that the Rohingya should leave Myanmar permanently . "  They dropped the bodies right here , " a Rohingya man told me on a visit to the grave site . "  Three bodies had gunshot wounds . Some had burns , some had stab wounds . " After the smoke cleared in June , the Arakanese Buddhist monkhood  or the sangha  , political operatives , and local government officials allegedly held public meetings in Rakhine State , plotting to drive Rohingya Muslims from their homes . They seized on President Thein Sein 's remarks on July 12 that "  illegal " Rohingya should be sent to "  third countries , " and they actively worked to isolate Muslim communities from daily necessities and income . Influential groups released public statements calling explicitly for "  ethnic cleansing " and forced population transfer -- the government took no action to stop them . The planned second wave of violence began on October 22 . Thousands of Arakanese reportedly descended by foot and boat on Muslim villages in nine townships , carrying machetes , swords , spears , homemade guns , Molotov cocktails , and other weapons . Plumes of smoke dotted the sky along the fertile patchwork of Arakan State 's intra-coastal waterways as entire villages were razed . State security forces once again either failed to provide protection , or actively participated in attacks . On October 23 in Yan Thei , Mrauk-U Township , security forces took away sticks and other rudimentary weapons from Rohingya and enabled an Arakanese mob to kill about 70 villagers , including 28 children , 13 of whom were under age five . Today , tens of thousands of displaced Rohingya are being denied access to humanitarian aid , have their movements restricted , and are unable to return home . They live in segregated , squalid camps without adequate food and health services . In just weeks the monsoon season will flood several IDP sites , intensifying the humanitarian emergency . At the root of the persecution is the question of citizenship . The Myanmar government considers all Rohingya to be immigrants from Bangladesh . They are denied citizenship under discriminatory national legislation from 1982 , although many families have resided in Myanmar for generations . Official government statements reject their very existence and refer to them as "  Bengali , " "  so-called Rohingya , " or the pejorative "  kalar . " The world should not be blinded by the excitement of Myanmar 's political opening . Rohingya are paying for that approach with their lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Smith .	Smith : Despite reforms , ethnic cleansing continues against Myanmar 's Rohingya Muslims Attacks between ethnic Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims erupted in June More than 125,000 Rohingya were forced into dozens of internally displaced camps Smith : World should not be blinded by the excitement of Myanmar 's political opening
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Air pollution at or near record levels in Hong Kong on Monday was caused by a sandstorm from northern China , environmental officials said . The Environmental Protection Department urged people , especially those with breathing or heart problems , to stay indoors and limit physical exertion . Schools had been ordered to cancel sports activities , said Environment Secretary Edward Yau , according to Radio Television Hong Kong , a public television station . Hong Kong 's air pollution has grown progressively worse during the past two decades , as pollution from mainland China has blended with pollution generated by Hong Kong . Watch video of sandstorm blanketing Beijing Over the years , poor air quality has even affected the view across Victoria Harbor , which separates Hong Kong Island from the Kowloon Peninsula by less than 1 kilometer  0.6 mile  at the narrowest point . On days with heavy pollution , the vibrant lights and skyscrapers on either side of the harbor can not be seen from the other side .	Air pollution reaches near-record levels , Hong Kong government says Officials : Sandstorm in mainland China causing the pollution
CNN  -- The Transport Ministry in Ghana has downplayed an incident involving two commercial jets at its main airport on Monday night which some media reports have described as a plane crash . Officials at the Kotoka International Airport say two airplanes , Lufthansa Flight 567 and Turkish Airlines Flight 624 , tipped at the wings on the tarmac as the latter prepared to taxi for takeoff . According to Deputy Transport Minister Dzifa Ativor , the official version of events as she gathered after meeting officials of the Ghana Civil Aviation Authority and the Airport Company Tuesday morning suggests an "  incident " . "  It was n't a crash , it was an incident . The ` crash , ' I think was too harsh a word to use , " she said . The accident has however raised questions about the ability of the airport to accommodate the several airlines that are being licensed by the Aviation Authority . Commercial oil production in Ghana is due to begin in the coming months , attracting more investors and other visitors . But Ativor , the deputy transport minister , said a project to expand the airport to enable it to admit bigger planes is under way . She disagreed that the incident could be the result of overcrowding . She added , "  the Ghana Civil Aviation Authority has set up investigations and they will be submitting a report to the ministry as early as possible . After that we will forward it to the accident investigation board to do an in-depth investigation so that we 'll take steps to forestall recurrence of such incidents . " The minister says the Turkish Airline flight , which was grounded temporarily as a result of the incident , eventually took off and has since arrived safely at its destination . The Lufthansa flight was also suspended . But the airline 's manager for Ghana , Yannick Aplogan , said the aircraft has since been certified as airworthy and will take off at 8:35 p.m.  3:35 p.m. ET  Tuesday . "  Our aircraft was in the parking position when the aircraft from Turkish Airlines which was taxing to the runway hit the winglet of our aircraft , " Aplogan said . He added that , "  based on our internal processes we decided to cancel the flight to make further technical checks " . According to him there was no extensive physical damage apart from a dent at the point of impact . As many as 30 airlines including , United , Delta and Virgin Atlantic , operate from the Kotoka International Airport in the capital Accra . Turkish Airlines is one of the new airlines to have started operations from the Accra airport and there are more expected to commence before the end of the year . The Kotoka International Airport is known to have one of the safest air corridors in sub-Saharan Africa .	"  It was n't a crash , it was an incident , " transport official says of Monday mishap Lufthansa , Turkish Airlines planes brushed wings as latter prepared to taxi for takeoff Ghana 's soon-to-launch oil production industry is enticing investors , other visitors Expansion to admit bigger planes is under way at Accra airport , transport official says
CNN  If the King had lived , he would have been 80 on Thursday . For Henrik Knudsen , this year brings another significant anniversary worth celebrating . Twenty-five years ago , he decided to quit his job selling power tools to become Denmark 's only professional Elvis Presley fan . "  I was a sales agent for a long time and I decided I did n't want to be that anymore . I thought , imagine if I could be a full-time Elvis fan , " he says . "  I knew it was a big leap but I felt like I just had to do it . And a few years later I was . " Even by the obsessive levels of fandom still inspired by the defining entertainer of the 20th century nearly four decades after his death , Knudsen takes his duties seriously . He 's sitting in a diner booth in the replica of Elvis Presley 's Graceland mansion he 's built on the outskirts of his hometown of Randers in central Jutland . "  We get a lot of Norwegians stopping off . If not for the memorabilia , then for the food , " says Knudsen . Elvis sandwiches There are not , it has to be said , too many other dining options for the bequiffed Nordic trucker with a penchant for blue suede shoes , fresh off the ferry from Stavanger and hungering for a peanut butter , jam , banana and bacon sandwich -- the diner 's tribute in cholesterol to its hero 's all-American appetite . Like the ebullient Knudsen , Graceland Randers is larger than life . From outside , the neo-classical entrance , guarded by stone lions , and green shutters are unmistakable , but it 's twice the size of the Memphis original where Elvis lived from 1957 until his death in 1977 . As well as the diner , the mansion houses Knudsen 's $ 1.6 million-valued collection of memorabilia -- instruments and outfits , plus more idiosyncratic items such as cufflinks given to Elvis by U.S. President Richard Nixon , and a baseball glove he used while serving as a soldier in Germany . The collection also features a photo of Denmark 's current Queen Margrethe and other Scandinavian royals meeting Elvis during a visit to Hollywood in 1960 . "  That 's a great piece , because you can talk about it to Danes , who are very proud of their queen , and to Americans because they like royalty , " Knudsen says . The shop is a treasure trove for vinyl collectors . A casual browse uncovers exotic albums from the former Yugoslavia , India and Japan , and a Dutch rarity featuring alternate tracks by Elvis and swivel-hipped 1980s Welsh wonder Shakin ' Stevens . ` All in good taste ' Downstairs in the museum , "  Aloha from Hawaii " -- Elvis 's seminal satellite broadcast from 1973 -- plays on a perpetual loop , while Graceland Randers also broadcasts "  Always Elvis , " a 24-7 radio station available via a smartphone app astutely summed up by one reviewer as "  brilliant if you like Elvis . " Knudsen 's personally led tours and boundless enthusiasm are a big part of the attraction . "  In 1972 I became an Elvis fan , and I was 13 when he died , " he says . "  For me it started with the music . It 's hard to explain . I listened to all kinds of music back then and still today but there is nothing that catches my interest like Elvis . " Disappointingly for more morbid-minded Elvis obsessives , there 's no replica of the upstairs bathroom suite where he famously left the building for the final time , with the first floor instead serving as a function room . "  We realize we are on a thin line here , " explains Knudsen . "  Is it tacky ? Is it cool ? Is it a joke ? Most people who come here get it . We think we have done this in good taste . " Knudsen hit on the idea of building a Danish Graceland in 2006 when he saw a replica of Sun Studio during a visit to Nashville . By then he 'd been successfully staging exhibitions since 1993 and was looking for a permanent home for his expanding collection . "  I wondered how much it would be , and thought maybe five million kroner  $ 822,000  . I contacted an architect -- I knew his wife was an Elvis fan and that was why I dared even call him . "  We went to Memphis to see the real thing . And when we came home he did some drawings and said ` It 's not five million kroner , it 's 20 million . ' " Birthday treat Backed by local business and civic leaders , the house opened at an eventual cost of 26 million kroner  $ 4.27 m  in 2011 and now draws almost 120,000 visitors a year . "  There was never a business plan , but one step just led to the next , " says Knudsen . "  If someone had told me in 1972 that I would be living off Elvis I 'd have said they were crazy . If you 'd told me in 1990 that I 'd have people working for me then I 'd have said you were crazy . "  And if somebody had told me that we would build Graceland in Randers I would n't have believed it . " These days Knudsen is a major player in the Elvis industry , even without the blessing of Elvis Presley Enterprises  EPE  , which licenses official products and ventures , and has been touted as a potential buyer of Elvis 's planes , which were put up for sale last year . "  I have a nice letter which Priscilla -LSB- Presley , Elvis 's ex-wife -RSB- wrote to Graceland Randers with a smiley face , but EPE do n't like us at all . I think they should be grateful that someone is putting money in their pockets . "  All the merchandise we sell is licensed , and I am bringing Danes to America on Elvis tours . " Still , Knudsen 's devotion has delivered a birthday treat for local fans with the TCB Band , Elvis 's backing musicians during his Las Vegas years , and others who shared a stage with him set to perform in Randers on Thursday night . "  We have the TCB Band , which is the band he used from 1969 until his death . Then we have his backup singers , the Imperials , and we have his musical director , Joe Guercio . "  For them to be here in Randers , of all the places in the world , on his birthday , I think it 's pretty remarkable . " Graceland Randers , Vej 3 , 8960 Randers , Denmark ; +45 86 42 96 96 Simon Hooper has worked as a journalist covering international news , politics and sports for websites and publications including CNN , the New Statesman , Sports Illustrated and The Blizzard . He was named Freelance Writer of the Year at the 2014 Online Media Awards . He tweets @simonbhooper .	Elvis Presley fan Henrik Knudsen has created a larger-than-life replica of Graceland in Denmark 's Jutland region Graceland Randers features a $ 1.6 million-valued collection of Elvis memorabilia The venue will mark Elvis 's 80th birthday with a performance featuring some of the King 's old backing band
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Western politicians are currently scrambling for air tickets to Kiev . Britain 's Foreign Secretary David Miliband rushed to Ukraine soon after Russia announced its recognition of South Ossetia and Abkhazia . U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney will follow . Ukraine 's President Viktor Yuschenko has made it clear that he would welcome closer ties with the West . They want to shore up the Western-leaning President Viktor Yuschenko , amid fears that his country could become the next frontline in the power struggle between Russia and the West . It is in part a deliberate signal to an emboldened Moscow not to overreach . But EU nations will only be taking their support so far , for geographical , practical and political reasons . Conflict between Russia and Georgia , a tiny country of around 5 million citizens , was one thing . Conflict with the 47 million strong Ukraine would be a different matter , with much wider ramifications . What do you think of Russia 's relationship with the West ? While Georgia 's President Mikhail Saakashvili , at least for the moment , seems to have the bulk of the Georgian population behind him , Ukraine is much more divided about relations with Moscow . There is a huge energy dependency . Around 17 percent of Ukraine citizens , according to the census , are ethnic Russians . Even the country 's political leadership is divided . Although they were allies in Ukraine 's 2004 Orange Revolution and both would like to see Ukraine in the EU , Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has distanced herself from Yuschenko 's eagerness to enter the embrace of NATO . She has also criticized his presidential decree restricting the movements of Russia 's Ukraine-based Black Sea fleet , based in Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula , where there is a heavy concentration of ethnic Russians . Yuschenko flew to Tblisi to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Saakashvili over the conflict in Georgia , while Tymoshenko focused on calls for a cessation of hostilities . Miliband used his visit to Kiev to insist that Russia 's re-drawing of the map in the Caucusus was a moment of truth for Europe , marking the end of a post-Cold War period of geopolitical calm . But significantly Miliband also urged Ukraine to avoid giving Russia a pretext to intervene in the Crimea , where Kiev accuses Russia of trying to stir up trouble -- just as Saakashvili had accused Moscow of doing in South Ossetia before launching his military assault . The Ukranian port of Sebastopol is leased to the Russian Black Sea fleet until 2017 and Yuschenko has urged that Russia should be asked for a higher rent and be subject to more restrictions . Miliband may be making the toughest warning noises he dares to Russia , but he also urged that "  the Ukrainian government should ensure that the letter of the agreements are stuck to until 2017 . " In recent years Ukraine has sought an uneasy balance between courting the West and not too overtly angering Moscow . But lately Yuschenko has grown bolder , offering to co-operate in the U.S. missile defense shield in Europe , despite the chilling threats from Moscow to Poland over its planned participation . NATO and EU leaders would not want him to get much bolder than that . While a majority of Ukrainians , according to opinion polls , would like to see their country in the EU , they are sharply divided about joining NATO . Only last April EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso complained about the country 's lack of political stability  a key qualification for membership  . Disputes between president and prime minister over relations with Russia , he suggested , were holding up progress . There is a regular EU/Ukraine meeting next month and Kiev will be looking for strong signals that it will meet a favorable response over its membership aims . Miliband declared in Kiev : "  My visit is designed to send a simple message : we have not forgotten our commitments to you . " Ukraine allies like Poland will be pushing for those words to be reinforced with action , but EU commitments tend to come with rather vague timetables , and to become entangled in wider issues . Poland 's prospects of speeding its membership prospects will depend on who wins the internal EU argument between those who , with an eye to their energy supplies , want to see the conflict with Russia cool down and those who want to send a strong signal to Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and President Dmitry Medvedev , in that order , that they have already gone too far .	Western leaders heading for Ukraine to show support for pro-Western government West concerned at what it sees as Russia "  re-drawing of the map in the Caucusus " UK foreign minister tells Ukraine not to give Russia a pretext to intervene in its affairs Ukraine , like Poland , looks toward EU for possible membership
Roger Federer handed his fellow Swiss Stan Wawrinka a tough three-set loss in the semifinals of the World Tour Finals on Saturday . But it turns out the nearly three-hour epic also took something out of the 33-year-old . Federer pulled out of the final against Novak Djokovic on Sunday , marking just the third time in his career he gave his opponent a walkover . Federer went on court in a track suit to tell the crowd he was n't match fit and later on Facebook revealed he hurt his back "  late in the match yesterday . " He disclosed in a subsequent interview with the ATP it happened in the third-set tiebreaker of his late-night 4-6 7-5 7-6  6  victory over Wawrinka . "  I felt all of a sudden the back was feeling funny , " Federer told the ATP . "  I tried to have treatment on it , medication on it , just tried to turn around as quick as possible really , but did n't really feel that much of an improvement overnight . " Federer was plagued by back issues in 2013 , largely contributing to a subpar -- for him -- campaign . He had been in good health in 2014 , though , one of the reasons the 17-time grand slam champion was able to climb the rankings and finish at No. 2 . "  I tried all year to be ready for the ATP World Tour Finals , and I did n't want it to end this way , " Federer stated to the crowd . "  It would be too risky at my age to do this right now and I hope you understand . "  I wanted to come out personally and excuse myself . It 's been a great week for me . I played some great tennis and I love coming to the O2 and to London , and there 's been so many great memories for me here . " Djokovic thus becomes the first men 's player since Ivan Lendl in 1987 to claim three consecutive year-end titles and his 31-match winning streak indoors remains intact . He learned of Federer 's withdrawal during the doubles final , which was scheduled 2 1/2 hours before the singles final . "  It 's a very awkward situation to talk about , " Djokovic told reporters . "  You never like to win , especially these big matches against big rivals , with a  walkover  . " World No. 1 Djokovic stuck around to play an exhibition set against Andy Murray and that was followed by a doubles tussle featuring Murray and John McEnroe against Tim Henman and Pat Cash . As big a blow as it was for Federer not to play , questions will now center around his fitness for the Davis Cup final against France in Lille that starts on Friday . Indeed the Swiss team might be out of sorts come the final , since the Federer-Wawrinka encounter Saturday -- when Federer saved four match points -- became ill-tempered at times . Wawrinka crunched a backhand at Federer when the latter was at the net and also , at one stage , Wawrinka jawed at the Federer camp , seemingly unhappy with something that was said to him . The Davis Cup is one of the lone huge titles Federer has not won . "  Recovery obviously as quick as possible , and then traveling to France at some point and getting ready on the clay for the Davis Cup final , " Federer said of his immediate plans . Sunday 's dramatic events brought an end to a tournament plagued by lopsided results in singles . Only four of the 14 singles matches extended to three sets . "  But this is something you can not predict , " said Djokovic , who handed out chocolates to journalists just as he did after winning last year 's event . The doubles competition featured plenty of excitement , including in the final when Americans Bob and Mike Bryan beat Croatia 's Ivan Dodig and Brazil 's Marcelo Melo 6-7  5  6-2 10-7 .	Novak Djokovic wins a third straight World Tour Finals after Roger Federer withdraws Federer said he was n't "  match fit " and it would be "  too risky " to play Sunday in London Federer had played for about three hours Saturday in beating fellow Swiss Stan Wawrinka Federer will be needed if Switzerland is to down France in this week 's Davis Cup final
CNN  -- "  We will restore science to its rightful place . " When those words came out of President Obama 's mouth during his inaugural speech , public health nerds such as myself rejoiced heartily . We believe that policy , especially health policy , should be based on scientific evidence . Funny , then , that we ignore this important piece of evidence : When scientific facts go up against moral ideologies , ideology usually wins . I 've worked for more than a decade in the field of HIV prevention . That means working with sex and drugs -- two areas where there is no shortage of good science , and an abundance of ideology . The science tells us , for example , that making clean needles universally available to drug injectors can more or less wipe out HIV transmission in this group . The ideology tells us that providing such services for injectors is tantamount to condoning an illegal behavior that wrecks lives and families and increases crime . If you were running for election , faced with the choice of paying for clean needles and health services for injectors or with putting more cops on the streets and cells in the jails , which do you think would play best with the voters ? Read more about Elizabeth Pisani at TED.com HIV has taught us something about the nature of democracy as well as the more personal decision-making that my TED talk addresses . The fact is that many of the most effective public health policies have been put in place by governments that Americans think of as ideological , even undemocratic . Iran has one of the world 's better prevention programs inside its jails , and sterile needles are available to injectors from dispensing machines around Tehran . The Kyrgyz Republic gives clean needles to prisoners . China makes needles available to injectors through pharmacies at subsidized prices . These countries are not exactly synonymous with liberalism . Government officials can afford to do nice things for junkies because they do n't need to worry much about what might happen in midterm elections . And they need to be pragmatic because they expect to be in power for some time . Better to put in place prevention programs that deal with a distasteful headache now than to deal with a much greater headache in the future . That 's harder to do in a democracy ; if you do something upsetting to the majority of voters now , you wo n't be around to reap the benefits of your far-sighted action in the future . It 's hardly surprising , then , that for the last 20 years , the U.S. Congress put politically popular ideology ahead of science , denying federal funding for needle exchanges .  Congress repealed the ban last year . At the local level , though , things often look different . Many cities , realizing that they would have to pick up the pieces of the nation 's failed war on drugs , have scraped out their pockets and provided services to injectors . The result has been a huge decline in new HIV infections among drug users and their sex partners ; the burden on the health system has of course fallen , too . And there is no evidence at all that these programs have led to a rise in injecting -- a specter commonly raised by the ideologues . The truth is , people who 've never injected drugs in their life do n't suddenly say : "  Oh look , a clean needle dispenser . Maybe I 'll try shooting up heroin . " This disconnect between national and local policies is instructive about the way democracy works . At a national level , politicians seem to respond to what they think the electorate wants to hear . Ideology and rhetoric rule . At the local level , however , they are more likely to respond to what the electorate really needs -- workable solutions to real problems . The only workable solutions are the ones that are based on good , solid , scientific evidence . In my little corner of public health , the Obama administration is following through on its promise to put the science back into policy . Since the ban on federal funding for safe injecting programs was dropped in December , the sky has not fallen , and if the government falls , it certainly wo n't be because of this small piece of pragmatism . But two decades of banging the "  evidence-based " drum does make me think that we scientists need to learn from the evidence . Scientifically sound solutions can only be implemented where they can be made politically workable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth Pisani .	Elizabeth Pisani says Obama 's embrace of science in setting health policy is encouraging But political and moral ideology , she says , often wars with science-based policy Data show that giving drug users clean needles stalls HIV 's spread , she says Pisani : Science-based solutions must be made politically workable to be implemented
CNN  -- If you doubt there 's a dental health crisis in America , walk into any emergency room . Every day , thousands of people without access to a dentist are looking for dental care in our ERs , most of which can not provide the care these patients need . We 're experiencing this alarming trend right here in Greensboro , North Carolina . For example , one of our local hospitals , the Moses Cone Health Center , finds that about 10 % of ER cases are related to dental issues . Nationally , more than 2.1 million people , the vast majority of them adults , showed up in ERs with dental pain in 2010 , double the number just a decade prior , according to the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey . Those ER visits for largely preventable issues cost the health system more than $ 2 billion that year . And the majority of dental ER visits , nearly 80 % , were for common and preventable conditions like abscesses and cavities . The reason for this ? The percentage of working-age adults -- particularly young adults -- with private dental benefits continues to decline . And more than half of lower-income adults say they have n't seen a dentist in a year or longer . So patients go without proper cleaning and examinations and end up at the ER when a problem strikes . But most ERs are not staffed or equipped to diagnose and treat dental problems . Typically , they provide antibiotics and pain medication only . This results in patients returning to the ER to treat the same dental issues as soon as the pain returns . Unfortunately , the Affordable Care Act will provide little relief . The new law has no substantive dental provisions for low-income adults , despite the fact that dental health is critical to overall health . Dental crisis could create ` State of Decay ' What 's the solution ? Foremost , it 's prevention . We need programs to get patients proper preventive care . And when patients have dental issues that need immediate attention , they need access to a dentist to treat the underlying problem . The good news is that we are beginning to tackle this issue , one hospital ER at a time . I 've seen it in my hometown of Greensboro , and it may be happening in yours , too . Hospitals and dentists across the country are collaborating on programs that address this issue at the community level , offering models other communities can replicate . Greensboro 's Moses Cone Health Center has one such program . Recognizing that dental emergencies are better handled in a dental office , Moses Cone created a program to refer these patients to staff dentists . The hospital covers the cost of care if the patient is uninsured . The end result : The dental patients get the care they need , and the hospital is able to free up the ER staff to handle more urgent emergencies , saving time and money . Other communities are creating their own ER referral programs . At Maine 's Waldo County General Hospital , about one in five patient visits to the emergency department involved dental pain . To relieve the strain on its facilities , Waldo County General created an in-house dental clinic that offers screenings and preventive care , with local dentists providing treatments such as fillings and extractions at substantially reduced fees . To qualify , patients must not have seen a dentist in the past 12 months and must meet certain federal income requirements . Most patients pay $ 10 to $ 20 for a dental visit , but no one is turned away if they ca n't . The Bronson Battle Creek hospital system in Calhoun County , Michigan , is partnering with a local nonprofit , Community HealthCare Connections , on a program that refers patients suffering from dental pain from the ER to dentists . Since the program began , dental cases in the ER have dropped by 70 % . The dental screening that could save your life More than 60 % of the community 's private practice dentists have signed on to provide free treatment , resulting in more than $ 1 million in care donated to 4,000 people . In return for care , patients volunteer service hours with local organizations , giving back to the surrounding community . All Americans deserve good dental health , and we need more collaborative approaches like these to take on America 's dental crisis . That 's why dentists are working with health and community leaders across the United States through Action for Dental Health , the American Dental Association 's nationwide , community-based movement to provide care now to people suffering with dental disease , strengthen the public-private safety net and bring disease prevention and dental health education into underserved communities . The campaign comprises numerous initiatives , each with specific goals , one of which is to implement ER referral programs in all 50 states by 2020 . With bold goals like this and a commitment to join together locally and nationally , we can all but eliminate routine dental problems clogging ERs by providing the right care in the right place : the dental chair . The opinions expressed are solely those of Dr. Charles H. Norman .	Most emergency rooms are not staffed or equipped for dental problems The percentage of working-age adults with dental benefits is declining The Affordable Care Act provides little relief Hospitals are creating referral programs to get patients to dentists
CNN  -- Calling it a mission that may fundamentally change humanity 's view of itself , NASA on Friday launched a telescope that will search our corner of the Milky Way galaxy for Earth-like planets . This image shows part of the Milky Way region of the sky where the Kepler spacecraft will be pointing . The Kepler spacecraft blasted into space on top of a Delta II rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . "  This is a historical mission . It 's not just a science mission , " NASA Associate Administrator Ed Weiler said during a prelaunch news conference . "  It really attacks some very basic human questions that have been part of our genetic code since that first man or woman looked up in the sky and asked the question : Are we alone ? " Watch iReport video of launch Kepler contains a special telescope that will stare at 100,000 stars in the Cygnus-Lyra region of the Milky Way for more than three years as it trails Earth 's orbit around the Sun . The spacecraft will look for tiny dips in a star 's brightness , which can mean an orbiting planet is passing in front of it -- an event called a transit . Watch how astronomers will try to find ` Earths ' " The instrument is so precise that it can register changes in brightness of 20 parts per million in stars that are thousands of light years away . "  Being able to make that kind of a sensitive measurement over a very large number of stars was extremely challenging , " Kepler project manager James Fanson said . "  So we 're very proud of the vehicle we have built . This is a crowning achievement for NASA and a monumental step in our search for other worlds around other stars . " See what the telescope looks like and which part of the galaxy it will monitor " Are we alone ? The $ 600 million mission is named after Johannes Kepler , a 17th-century German astronomer who was the first to correctly explain planetary motion . His discoveries combined with modern technology may soon help to answer whether we are alone in the universe or whether Earth-like worlds inhabited by some type of life are common . "  We wo n't find E.T. , but we might find E.T. 's home , " said William Borucki , science principal investigator for the Kepler mission . About 330 "  exoplanets " -- those circling sun-like stars outside the solar system -- have been discovered since the first was confirmed in 1995 . Most are gas giants like Jupiter , but some have been classified as "  super earths , " or worlds several times the mass of our planet , said Alan Boss , an astronomer with the Carnegie Institution who serves on the Kepler Science Council . They are too hot to support life , he added , calling them "  steam worlds . " Europe 's COROT space telescope caused a stir last month when it spotted the smallest terrestrial exoplanet ever found . With a diameter less than twice that of Earth , the planet orbits very close to its star and has temperatures up to 1,500 ° Celsius  more than 2,700 ° Fahrenheit  , according to the European Space Agency . It may be rocky and covered in lava . Scientists have marveled how strange some of the alien worlds are . "  The density of these planets has been astounding , " Borucki said . "  We 're finding planets that float like a piece of foam on water , -LSB- with -RSB- very , very low densities . We 're finding some planets where the densities are heavier than that of lead . " The Kepler telescope , however , is seeking something much more familiar : Earth-like planets with rocky surfaces , orbiting in their stars ' habitable , or "  Goldilocks , " zones -- not too hot or too cold , but just right for liquid water to exist . Watch a NASA scientist explain where life could exist " Quest for a ` pale blue dot ' Once Kepler spots a planet , scientists will be able to calculate its size , mass , orbital period , distance from star and surface temperature , Boss said . He called the mission a "  step one " that will tell astronomers how hard it is to find nearby habitable worlds . "  Once we know how many there really are ... then NASA will be able to build space telescopes that can actually go out and take a picture of that nearby ` Earth ' and measure the elements and compounds in its atmosphere of the planet and give us some hint as to whether or not it 's got life , " Boss said . Boss believes that there may be 100 billion Earth-like planets in the Milky Way , or one for every sun-type star in the galaxy . He said scientists should know by 2013 -- the end of Kepler 's mission -- whether life in the universe could be widespread . The 20-year goal is to someday take a picture of a pale blue dot orbiting a nearby star , said Debra Fischer , an astronomy professor at San Francisco State University , during a NASA news conference . Boss called it a potentially unprecedented time of discovery for scientists . "  Sometimes , people call this the golden age of astronomy . I think it 's more like the platinum age of astronomy . It 's beyond gold , " Boss said .	NEW : Kepler spacecraft launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station late Friday It contains a special telescope that will stare at 100,000 stars for several years Mission goal is to find Earth-like planets with potential to have liquid water on surface This is "  the platinum age of astronomy , " scientist says
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio emerged from the depths of the nation 's largest transit system Thursday to assure commuters that trains are safe in the wake of reports of an ISIS terrorist plot against U.S. subways . "  I have a simple message for all New Yorkers : There is no immediate credible threat to our subway system , " de Blasio told reporters after taking a short subway ride from City Hall to Union Square in Manhattan . "  I say that with confidence . People should go about their business as they normally would . " Intelligence and law enforcement agencies have no indications of an ISIS terror plot against U.S. transit systems , two U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN earlier . Later on Thursday , Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Iran and Iraq Brett McGurk told CNN 's Brianna Keilar that there "  is no specific credible threat whatsoever that they have uncovered to the United States . " He spoke to Keilar having just come from a meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Vice President Joe Biden . From Washington to New York , a flurry of denials followed media reports that Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told reporters at the United Nations that his country 's intelligence agency had uncovered an imminent ISIS plot against United States and Paris subways . "  We do n't have anything to back it up at this point , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told CNN . "  We 'll keep looking at it . " A senior administration official told CNN that "  no one in the U.S. government is aware of such a plot and it was not raised with us in our meetings with Iraqi officials " at the United Nations , including a meeting between al-Abadi , President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry . FBI Director James Comey told reporters that he had n't heard of the plot . U.S. agencies are reaching out to Iraq to determine what information it may have , the two officials told CNN . "  We know that our transit and aviation systems are always a target . We know New York is always a target , " one U.S. law enforcement official told CNN . "  Do we know what the Iraqi Prime Minister is talking about ? No , " the official said . Why is ISIS taunting the West ? ` We are monitoring these reports ' De Blasio stood with Police Commissioner William Bratton and FBI Assistant Director in Charge George Venizelos outside the Union Square subway hub for a news conference . "  We are convinced that New Yorkers are safe , " he said . "  We are convinced that people should go about their normal routine . Terrorists want us to live in fear . " As a precaution , the mayor said , New York will increase security measures throughout its vast transit network . "  You may be asked to open your bag , " he said . "  You may find there are some spot checkpoints set up . Do n't be alarmed . " Bratton said New York was already on a high state of alert because of the world leaders in town for the U.N. General Assembly , including President Barack Obama . In Connecticut , Governor Dannel Malloy ordered increased state police presence along Metro North and Amtrak rail lines , as well as at Bradley Airport . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said state officials were treating the report with "  utmost precaution " and "  coordinating at a high level with local , state and federal partners . " "  I want to assure the people of New York that we are monitoring these reports closely and are in close communication with officials in Washington , " Cuomo said in a statement . He said that New York and New Jersey authorities had in recent weeks increased security at mass transit sites and areas as part of a joint security enhancement . John Miller , the New York Police Department 's deputy commissioner for intelligence and counterterrorism , said in the statement that police were in "  close contact " with the FBI and other federal agencies . "  New York City normally operates at a heightened level of security and we adjust that posture daily based on our evaluation of information as we receive it , " he said . The Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which operates the city 's buses and trains , declined to comment . A spokesman for Transport Workers Union Local 100 , which represents subway workers , said the MTA , as of Thursday afternoon , had not issued any security bulletins . Everything you need to know about the rise of ISIS Earlier plots European and New York transit systems have been targeted in the past . On March 11 , 2004 , terrorists in Madrid , Spain , carried out coordinated bomb explosions on four rush-hour trains , killing 191 people and wounding more than 1,800 . The Madrid train bombings were the deadliest terror attack in Western Europe since the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 , which killed 270 people . The terrorists in Madrid , the authorities later determined , carried bombs in sports bags and backpacks onto four commuter trains serving the east of the Spanish capital . They got off and left behind their deadly devices . Spanish courts later convicted 14 Islamist militants for their roles in the bombings , along with four Spaniards for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . On July 7 , 2005 , 52 people were killed and 700 injured when four bombers planted explosives on three underground trains and a bus in London . The bombers , from the north of England , used cheap explosives and techniques found on the Internet to carry out the country 's worst terror attack . British intelligence came under criticism after reports that the country had received reliable warnings about such an attack . Two weeks after the London transit bombings , an attempted second wave of bombings struck other trains and a bus , but the devices failed to explode properly . More than a dozen people were arrested afterward . Four homemade bombs stuffed into backpacks did not fully explode in the attempt . One person was injured . In 2012 , a Bosnian immigrant accused of plotting to bomb New York 's subway system as an "  al Qaeda terrorist " was found guilty of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction , conspiracy to commit murder , supporting a foreign terrorist organization and other charges . Prosecutors said Adis Medunjanin traveled to Pakistan 's tribal region with two high school friends , Pakistani-born Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan . His friends pleaded guilty to planning the attack with with Medunjanin and testified against him . Medunjanin sought to join the Taliban , but ended up being recruited by al Qaeda to perform a suicide mission in the United States . On their return , Medunjanin and his two friends hatched a plan to rig backpacks with explosives and blow them up , prosecutors said . At trial , Assistant U.S. Attorney Berit Berger said Medunjanin was willing "  to strap a suicide bomb to himself , walk into a New York City subway and blow it up . "	State Dept. official tells CNN "  no specific credible threat whatsoever " uncovered in U.S. U.S. intelligence , law officials say they have no indication of a transit system terror plot Iraq 's PM said his country uncovered a plot against U.S. , Paris subways , reports say New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo : State officials are treating the report with "  utmost precaution "
CNN  -- A state-run Chinese newspaper expressed relief Monday that senior Japanese officials had dismissed the country 's air force chief after he denied Japan 's aggression before and during World War II . General Toshio Tamogami Gen. Toshio Tamogami lost his job as chief of staff for Japan 's Air Self-Defense Force , the Ministry of Defense said , after saying in an essay that "  it is certainly a false accusation to say that our country was an aggressor nation . " Japanese troops invaded China in 1937 and were widely accused of gross human rights abuses , including raping tens of thousands of girls and women and killing several hundred thousand others in what has come to be called "  The Rape of Nanking . " Imperial Japan also invaded several other Asian nations , leading to the death and misery for an untold number . Two former Japanese prime ministers have apologized for Japanese aggression before and during World War II . Yet China has long accused of elements within Japan of trying to whitewash the Japanese atrocities committed before and during World War II . "  The denial of the aggression history by Toshio Tamogami comes in as an element of disharmony , " the state-run China Daily said a commentary Monday . "  Yet , as long as the Japanese government has a right attitude to this question , the smooth development of ties between the two neighbors will not be derailed by such discordant notes . " Tamogami 's essay , published late last week , also stirred controversy in South Korea . Japan controlled Korea from 1910 to 1945 . Its military is accused of forcing roughly 200,000 women , mainly from Korea and China , to serve as sex slaves -- they were known euphemistically as "  comfort women " -- for soldiers in the Imperial Army . The South Korean foreign ministry criticized Tamogami 's commentary in a statement published by Yonhap , the South Korean news agency . "  His claim is distorting history , " the statement said . "  International friendly relations are based on repentance for past wrongdoings and learning a lesson from history , " Tamogami 's essay won first prize in a competition called the "  True Perspective of Modern and Contemporary History . " Several Japanese leaders have apologized in recent years for past Japanese aggression . In 2005 , then-Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi apologized for his country 's role in World War II on the 60th anniversary of the war 's end . He vowed Japan would never again take "  the path to war . " Japan agreed to surrender on August 15 , 1945 , after U.S. planes dropped atomic bombs on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki . The formal surrender was signed September 2 . In 1995 , on the 50th anniversary of the war 's end , then-Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama also expressed Tokyo 's deep remorse and heartfelt apology for the damage and suffering it inflicted on its Asian neighbors . And in 2001 , Koizumi apologized for Japanese treatment of Koreans during its occupation of the Korean peninsula during the first half of the 20th century . In a statement , Koizumi acknowledged the "  enormous damage " inflicted by Japan 's military "  by colonization and invasion " during the conflict . "  We must take this historical fact of such very sincerely , and I would like to express keen remorse and heartfelt apologies , " Koizumi said . "  I would like to also express our deep condolences to the victims inside and outside of Japan during World War II . " At the height of the conflict , much of southeast Asia , China and the Pacific islands were in Japanese hands .	Chief of Japan 's air force dismissed for saying Japan was not aggressor in WWII China , South Korea criticize published essay of General Toshio Tamogami Two previous Japanese prime ministers have apologized for aggression
I love being spoiled by my kids , but something 's missing : a chance to hug my own mother . "  Mama , what did you used to do with Grandma Heather on Mother 's Day ? " asks my four-year-old as we sat down to brunch . Pause . Swallow . Breathe deeply . "  Well , we did lots of things , " I reply . "  We were lucky to have a lot of Mother 's Days with her . Sometimes we used to take her out to brunch or make her a special meal at home ... Sometimes we went to a jazz concert with her , since that was one of her favorite kinds of music ... " I trail off . "  Jazz ? I do n't like jazz , " he sniffs , and then turns to his dad to ask for the syrup . The moment passes without my dissolving into tears , a minor triumph for me . Parenting.com : Yummy breakfast-in-bed ideas for Mother 's Day The last Mother 's Day I got to celebrate with my mom was May 10 , 2009 . She was in a rehabilitation center after several weeks in the hospital , following the discovery that her breast cancer had metastasized and necessitated a colostomy . Her illness aside , it was a harrowing time for our family : my husband had lost his job due to the recession ; we had had to move a few hours away as a result , my toddler son was melting down regularly as his world zigged and zagged , and , to top it off , I was very , very pregnant . My mom wallowed in self-pity for a few days , thinking about how uh , crappy , it would be to have to walk around with a bag of stool taped to her stomach for the rest of her life , but did her best to clutch at her usual spunky , snarky self . She was focused on regaining the strength to climb the stairs of her townhouse in Brooklyn and hoped to make it home in time for the birth of my second son several weeks later -- which she had graciously allowed to take place in her home . On that particular Mother 's Day , she was tired from everything she had been through in the previous weeks , and I was exhausted from waddling around the city as my due date loomed . While my husband and toddler went exploring in the hallways of the rehab center , my mom and I sat together , trying to enjoy our time but looking forward to better days . I gave her a card that day that read , "  I was really worried there for a bit , but I should have known that you still had some fight left in you . I am so grateful for the almost 23 years since your initial diagnosis , but I 'm greedy for more time with you . You are a remarkable woman and an amazing mom -- I really do aspire to be like you and to have my kids feel about me the way that Jay -LSB- my brother -RSB- and I do you . " Little did we know what was to come . Parenting.com : My most precious Mother 's Day gift She did n't end up making it out of the rehab in time to witness her grandson 's birth , but she eventually made it home a few weeks later . When her strength did n't resume as we had all expected , her oncologist paid a housecall to let us know that the cancer had spread even further , and that she should cease all treatment and start hospice care . She slipped into a coma one evening as my newborn son , Henry , and I lay beside her , and she died the next evening , with my brother and me by her side , having given us time to say our goodbyes , tell her how much we loved her , and reassure her that we would be okay . The Mother 's Days since have been tinged with bittersweet longing . While I 'm crazy about my boys and appreciate however they want to celebrate the day , I miss having someone to honor . Sure , I call my dad 's partner and wish her a happy Mother 's Day and send my favorite aunt  my mom 's youngest sister  a pair of earrings much like ones I would have chosen for my mom , but there will always be something missing . Maybe it 's because I was raised by a single mom , but I always felt the need to really make something of the day for her -- to show her how deeply I felt she was doing a great job . And now I also miss her vote of confidence in my parenting , since it felt like it was coming from the pro . Parenting.com : The most awkward pregnancy photos ever I try to keep or create who she was for my boys , who did n't get to really know her . My older son , Ben , has vague memories of her  or maybe just memories of what I 've told him they did together , since he only two when she died  , but my younger son Henry just a few weeks old when she passed away . She was too weak to even hold him . I tell Ben of how my mom used to chuckle when I would call her nearly crying in frustration at his stubbornness ; not only would she would remind me that I had been similarly temperamental , but she genuinely reveled in his strong personality . And her laughing , while maddening , helped me to better appreciate him by seeing him through someone else 's eyes . When he rides his balance bike , I remind him that Grandma Heather gave it to him , somehow foreseeing that a gift that would grow with him would allow her to remain tangibly present in his life after her death . In the evening , when Henry climbs into his big brother 's bed to cuddle and read before bedtime , I might ask him if he knows that he was born in that bed , his grandmother 's bed and a bed that had welcomed two other generations of my family a century ago . And as my boys fall asleep , it 's to the sound of my off-key rendition of lullabies she made up and used to sing to me , songs I had n't heard or thought of in years but which began to ring in my ears after her death . And of course we keep photos of her around the house -- her house , actually , since my brother and my family and I moved back in following her death . Parenting.com : Top baby names of 2012 Although Mother 's Day is one where I ca n't help but feel her loss , the times I miss her most are during the highs and lows of parenting -- when one of my sons reaches a big milestone like walking or learning how to read , or at the end of a long day when I 've lost my temper . It 's at those moments that I wish I could hear just how proud she would be , or be reminded that having a bad day does n't make you a mom failure . I miss her take on it all . And so , on this Mother 's Day  and the other 364 days this year  , I 'm trying to be the mom my mother taught me how to be , both for my sons and for myself , even as I wish she could cheer me on . I was taught by one of the best that it 's not about doing it all  she could n't , as a single working mom  or being there for every minute  again , it literally was n't possible  , but it 's about being fully present for the stuff that matters . I try to hear her voice in my head and give myself a break when I know she would have encouraged me to do so , congratulate myself for my part of the incredible mini-men my sons are becoming . Mostly , I just remind myself to slow down and enjoy the kids that she would have so adored . Happy Mother 's Day , Mom . Parenting.com : The surprising thing one mom celebrates on Mother 's Day	Rosen misses having someone to honor this Mother 's Day She especially feels the loss during the highs and lows of parenting Rosen 's mother taught her that parenting is about being fully present for the stuff that matters
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa won a thrilling last-lap duel with championship leader and fellow Spaniard Jorge Lorenzo to claim Sunday 's Czech MotoGP in Brno . Pedrosa and 2010 world champion Lorenzo swapped the lead on the 22nd lap of the 5.4-kilometer circuit before the Honda rider claimed a memorable third win of the season . He has cut Lorenzo 's lead in the title race to just 13 points with six races left in the elite division of motorcycle racing . Yamaha 's Lorenzo had led from pole until Pedrosa took the lead halfway through the race . Lorenzo claimed it back only for Pedrosa to move ahead for the final time and take the checkered flag . "  It was half a lap to go and I was a little more nervous than before but ... on almost the last corner I got along with him , he tried to release the brakes and we were head-to-head into the corner , but I could ... win the race , " he told the official MotoGP website . Britain 's Cal Crutchlow claimed the first podium spot of his MotoGP career on his works Yamaha ahead of Italian teammate Andrea Dovizioso , who will replace Valentino Rossi at Ducati next season . But they were over 12 seconds behind the leading pair , who dominated from the start . Last year 's Brno winner , world champion Casey Stoner of Australia , was absent with a fractured ankle and has conceded his title defense is over as he needs surgery . Stoner will retire at the end of the season and his Repsol Honda team has announced he will be replaced by 19-year-old Spanish prospect Marc Marquez , who will move up from the Moto2 division having been the 125cc world champion in 2010 . Marquez won the Moto2 race in Brno , with Germany 's Jonas Folger taking the Moto3 honors .	Honda 's Dani Pedrosa wins Czech MotoGP in Brno Pedrosa cuts lead on title leader Jorge Lorenzo to 13 points Yamaha 's Lorenzo finished second after last lap duel Cal Crutchlow of Britain on podium for first time
Hong Kong  CNN  -- More than 3,000 paramilitary forces and police descended on a small coastal village in China 's Guangdong province -- many of them in helicopters and speedboats . In the early hours of Sunday , they conducted 109 raids in Boshe , a village of 14,000 people . In the massive crackdown on the region 's illicit narcotic trade , police seized three tons of crystalline methamphetamine , also known as crystal meth or ice , and arrested 182 people with suspected links to 18 drug rings , according to a statement released Thursday by Guangdong 's public security bureau . They recovered another 100 tons of raw materials for producing drugs , as well as guns , knives and a grenade , a spokesperson for the public security bureau told CNN on Friday . Some 77 drug factories were shut down in the raid , police say . Boshe is located inside the city of Lufeng , long considered by authorities as a hotbed for the production and trade of drugs . In the last three years , one-third of China 's crystal meth came from the city , according to the security bureau 's statement . In Boshe , more than one in five households are directly involved in the trade or production of drugs , the statement said . Since the 1990s , there has been little industry in the region and many residents have moved to nearby cities like Shenzhen in search of better opportunities . According to the Southern Metropolis Daily newspaper , growing numbers of villagers in Lufeng have turned their homes and farms into drug factories . Guangdong authorities did not give an estimated value of the drugs seized on Sunday , but the South China Morning Post newspaper said the haul would be worth around U.S. $ 232 million . Police in Guangdong have seized 8.1 tons of drugs and made 10,836 arrests since July 2013 , when the province launched a campaign to crack down on narcotics , said Guo Shabo , the public security bureau 's deputy director in a statement . According to a recent report by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , 70 % of the 326 illegal drug-making facilities shut down in China in 2012 were manufacturing crystal meth . More than half of these laboratories were in Guangdong . Some 88 tons of methamphetamine were seized worldwide in 2011 , the latest year for which figures are available , according to to the UNODC .	Police seize 3 tons of crystal meth in a village in Guangdong Some 182 people were arrested in 109 raids on Sunday The area is a notorious hotspot for drug production and trade
CNN  -- Dimitar Berbatov scored a stunning hat-trick as Manchester United recovered from throwing away a two-goal lead to defeat Liverpool 3-2 in a thrilling English Premier League game at Old Trafford . The Bulgarian striker rose above the visiting defence with six minutes remaining to secure the three points after Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had scored twice in six second-half minutes to haul his side back into the game . Berabatov had put United ahead with a header from a corner just before the interval and doubled the home side 's advantage on the hour mark with a piece of brilliance -- bringing down a cross from Nani before executing a superb overhead volley that found the net via the underside of the crossbar . But Liverpool came back into the game just five minutes later , Gerrard scoring from the penalty spot after Fernando Torres had been fouled in the area by Johnny Evans . And the comeback looked to be complete when Gerrard netted from a direct free-kick that went straight through the Manchester United defensive wall . United threw away a two-goal lead at Everton last weekend and they looked to be heading the same way until Berbatov intervened to become the first Manchester United player since Stan Pearson in 1946 to score a hat-trick against Liverpool . The result puts United joint second with Arsenal in the table on 11 points , although the London side are ahead on goal difference . However , both those teams are four points behind champions Chelsea , who maintained their 100 per cent start to the season with a 4-0 home victory over newly-promoted Blackpool . All the goals came in the first half as Carlo Ancelotti 's side ran riot . Salomon Kalou opened the scoring within two minutes after he was left unmarked at the far post from a corner . Florent Malouda tapped home the second , after Didier Drogba had beaten the visitors offside trap , and Drogba himself added a third with a deflected shot . Malouda added his second just before half-time but Blackpool 's defence held firm after the break and Chelsea were unable to add to an impressive record of 21 goals in their opening five matches . Defending champions Chelsea lead the way with a maximum 12 points from four games and they will be expected to increase their lead to four points later on Sunday when they entertain newly-promoted Blackpool . In the day 's other match , Argentine striker Carlos Tevez scored one and created the other goal as Manchester City moved into fourth place in the table with a 2-0 win at struggling Wigan . Tevez opened the scoring before half-time when he took advantage of a poor header from Mohamed Diame to lob the ball over goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi . And more defensive uncertainty from the home side resulted in Tevez clipping over a cross for Yaya Toure to score his first City goal from close range .	Dimitar Berbatov scores a hat-trick as Manchester United beat Liverpool 3-2 The Bulgarian heads home a late winner after Liverpool had fought back from 2-0 down Steven Gerrard scored both Liverpool 's goal in a thrilling Old Trafford encounter Chelsea remain 100 per cent after five games following a 4-0 home win over Blackpool
CNN  -- Chris Aire is known as "  the King of Bling , " the jeweler to the stars whose dazzling creations are worn by the likes of Angelina Jolie , 50 Cent and Shaquille O'Neal . But although he might be regularly rubbing shoulders with Hollywood superstars , famous musicians and elite athletes today , there was a time when the Nigerian-born designer could only dream about approaching a celebrity . More than two decades ago , Aire used to hang outside five star hotels and trendy bars in Los Angeles in the hope of showing his designs to a potential star client . "  I had my little coach bag , " remembers Aire . "  I had everything in it 'cause seriously I did n't know any of these guys . So walking up to them you really have just a minute -- if even that -- to say ` yo , this is what I 've got , ' " he adds . "  I had instances where people thought I was selling hot items -- ` this dude out here man , he 's got some stolen stuff . ' " Read this : Africa 's first design museum But after a year of frequenting celeb hotspots , exhausting his savings in the process , Aire 's big break finally came following an L.A.-based encounter with Gary Payton , the NBA star playing for the Seattle Supersonics at the time . "  I was just hanging out at a hotel waiting for him because I knew he was going to be there , " remembers Aire . "  And when he came down , the press rush that he had , he would have been justified in saying , ` hey man get out of my way . " Instead , Payton invited Aire to go later that year to a charity event in Miami and show him his creations . There was only one problem : Aire had no money . Undeterred , Aire decided to max out his credit card and buy an airline ticket to Miami , even though he could n't afford a return flight to L.A. . But when he got to Florida , Payton was so impressed with his designs that he immediately placed a $ 50,000 order , buying a platinum basketball pendant for himself and other jewelry for his friends . "  That sale transformed my life , " says Aire . "  Not only did I pay for the flight ticket , I had enough to start building and doing a bunch of my own collection . " ` Leap of faith ' The son of a successful Nigerian businessman , Aire grew up in the West African country 's Ivue Uromi region . His father wanted him to go into the family oil business , but instead Aire left Nigeria aged 18 to go to college in the United States . But while working on getting his education , Aire had also to find a way of supporting himself . His first job was flipping burgers in a fast-food restaurant overnight . Read this : Tribal beauty of vanishing life "  I would work from 10 pm to 6 am in the morning and then I 'll go home , get a couple of hours nap and then go to school at nine , " recalls Aire . "  I was at school from 9 until about 4 pm -- and then I went home , got ready and repeated that again , five days a week . " After graduating from college , Aire tried his luck briefly as an actor and singer , before making his foray into jewelry with the help of a friend whose father was a jeweler . Starting from the bottom , Aire worked his way up , learning the craft and understanding everything about gold , diamonds and other colored gem stones . After six years of apprenticing under his friend 's father , Aire had managed to save $ 5,000 . He then decided it was time to strike out on his own and form his own company . "  It was a leap of faith and I took that leap of faith , " says Aire . "  I was very confident in my faith because I believe whatever it is that puts the inspiration in your mind has within it its own fulfillment . " ` Massive wealth ' Since then , Aire has managed to build a thriving company whose A-list clientele is a roll call of cinema and music superstars . In 2004 , Aire made fashion history when he became the first jeweler to stage a runway show at New York Fashion Week . His sparkling creations include a diamond encrusted cuff -- priced at $ 1.7 million -- and a $ 500,000 diamond-coated guitar for hip-hop artist Wyclef Jean . But even though he mixes with the rich and famous , Aire has not forgotten where he came from . He frequently visits Nigeria and is optimistic about the future of both his country and his continent . "  I think there is going to be a time when Africa , starting with Nigeria , becomes the envy of luxury market , " he says . "  There 's massive wealth here but the Western impression of Africa has always been a country of people in need of charity , in need of aid , but Africa really is the last frontier . " Aire also believes that people in the continent should support local designers and luxury brands , which in turn can speed up the growth of African businesses . "  We have to embrace our own so that the next Louis Vuitton or Chanel comes out of Africa . So we are positioning ourselves to be that breakout brand from Africa . "	Chris Aire is a famous jeweler whose A-list clients include movie and music stars Born and raised in Nigeria , Aire moved to the U.S. at a young age to follow his dreams His sparkling creations have earned him the title , "  King of Bling " Aire urges people in Africa to support their local designers and luxury brands
CNN  -- FACETIME : EXCLUSIVE Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal , Chairman , Kingdom Holding Company Long term forecasts for the Middle East are not keeping pace with emerging market peers . The MENA region will grow at 2.6 percent between now and 2020 , according to HSBC . That is half the rate of Asia and Africa . MME caught up with the richest man in the Middle East and leading businessman Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal and asked him whether businesses will remain open to foreign investment even after the rise of Islamic parties . IN FOCUS : Gulf to the Rescue ? At World Economic Forum in Davos , the Arab region remains one of the global risks for 2012 . The past year was a year of change for the Middle East with protests toppling governments in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya and forcing change in Bahrain and Morocco . But after revolution comes rebuilding and some opportunity for the oil-rich Gulf States . MME 's Leone Lakhani takes a closer look . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1645 , Fridays : 0945 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615 , 1645	HSBC predicts the Middle East will grow far more slowly than Asia or Africa Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal on his country 's openness to foreign investors MME also looks at how Gulf States can find opportunity rebuilding the Arab region
CNN  -- The Oklahoma Senate voted Tuesday to override the governor 's vetoes and pass two strong anti-abortion measures . One law requires women to undergo an ultrasound examination and listen to a description of what it shows before getting an abortion . Senate President Pro Tempore Glenn Coffee , a Republican , said Tuesday 's vote shows lawmakers listened to Oklahoma 's residents and "  made a bold statement in support of the sanctity of life . " But Democratic Gov. Brad Henry has called the legislation "  an unconstitutional attempt by the Oklahoma legislature to insert government into the private lives and decisions of its citizens . " Henry vetoed the bill and another abortion-related measure Friday , but the state House on Monday overwhelmingly voted to override both vetoes , with House Speaker Chris Benge , a Republican , lauding his colleagues for moving quickly . The Senate 's 36-12 vote Tuesday was the final step required to make the bills laws "  Those who rallied behind this cause reflected the core values of Oklahoma citizens , and I applaud my colleagues in providing more safeguards for the life of the unborn , " Coffee said . Henry said he was disappointed by Tuesday 's vote . "  It signals the beginning of another costly and possibly futile legal battle for the state of Oklahoma . Both laws will be challenged and , in all likelihood , overturned by the courts as unconstitutional , " he said . "  I fear this entire exercise will ultimately be a waste of taxpayers ' time and money . " In a statement issued after his vetoes Friday , Henry sharply criticized the laws . "  State policymakers should never mandate that a citizen be forced to undergo any medical procedure against his or her will , especially when such a procedure could cause physical or mental trauma , " Henry said . "  To do so amounts to an unconstitutional invasion of privacy . " Henry said one of the flaws of the ultrasound bill was that it lacked an exemption for rape and incest victims . Henry vetoed similar legislation in 2008 . His veto was overridden . The State Supreme Court struck down the legislation because it contained multiple subjects , a violation of the state Constitution requiring measures to deal with a single subject , Bennett said . The Center for Reproductive Rights said it had filed a lawsuit challenging the new law after Tuesday 's Senate vote . "  Oklahoma has now passed the most burdensome ultrasound law in the country , " Nancy Northup , the organization 's president , told CNN . "  Until Oklahoma stops harassing women who are seeking abortions , we will continue to sue the state on these unconstitutional restrictions . " Coffee said challenging the new laws in court would go against what Oklahoma residents want . "  The voice of the people has spoken twice now this session in the Senate and twice in the House , and I sincerely hope those who would reverse the people 's voice would think twice before acting , " he said . The other measure approved by legislators Tuesday prohibits pregnant women and their families from seeking legal damages if physicians "  knowingly and negligently " withhold key information or provide inaccurate information about their pregnancies . Henry , in opposing the bill , said it would be "  unconscionable to grant a physician legal protection to mislead or misinform a pregnant woman in an effort to impose his or her personal beliefs on his patient . " Such an issue would be particularly relevant to fetuses with disabilities . "  By prohibiting recovery of damages in wrongful birth and life malpractice actions , the legislation would allow unscrupulous , reckless or negligent physicians to knowingly withhold information or negligently provide inaccurate information to pregnant women without facing the potential of legal consequences , " the governor said . The House voted to override the veto of the ultrasound bill by an 81 to 14 vote , well above the three-fourths majority required . State Rep. Lisa Billy , a Republican , said the bill "  does nothing more than give women as much information as possible before they make the life-altering decision to have an abortion . " "  I do n't want a single woman to go through the lifelong torture of having an abortion without having all the relevant information , " Billy said . The House voted 84 to 12 to override the veto over the legal damages prohibition . State Rep. Dan Sullivan , a Republican , said the bill "  simply states that a doctor can not be sued based on the opinion after birth that a child would have been better off if he or she had been aborted . " "  A bipartisan coalition of members supported this bill the first time , and I am pleased they did again today , " Sullivan said . Benge , the House speaker , said , "  We must move to stop the degradation of human life seen in recent years and stand up for those who can not defend themselves . " CNN 's Joe Sterling and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	One law requires ultrasound , listening to description of what it shows before abortion Center for Reproductive Rights says it had filed a lawsuit challenging the new law Other law protects doctors who withhold data or give inaccurate information about pregnancies Laws ' critics cite privacy , negligence issues ; backers say the people have spoken
Editor 's note : Jay S. Winuk , co-founder of MyGoodDeed , is the brother of Glenn J. Winuk , an attorney and volunteer firefighter and EMT who died in the line of duty when the South Tower of the World Trade Center collapsed on September 11 , 2001 . This week Glenn was posthumously honored with the 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor from the United States of America . Jay Winuk says September 11 is best observed as a day of service to others . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The upcoming eighth anniversary of the attacks of September 11 raises a compelling question for millions of Americans : How should we best observe this uniquely tragic day in our nation 's history ? Surely , it should not be a holiday . This is no time for days off from work and three-day weekends to enjoy barbeques and white sales . No , September 11 is a day for reflection , and its historical and emotional significance should not lessen with time or be diminished in any way . It is a day to focus on the substantial lessons learned . I 'm a 9/11 family member . My brave brother , Glenn J. Winuk , was a partner at a large law firm , Holland & Knight , located two blocks from the World Trade Center . For almost 20 years Glenn was also a volunteer firefighter and an emergency medical technician . When the Towers were hit , Glenn borrowed rescue equipment and ran from safety toward the South Tower to participate in the rescue effort . He died when the South Tower collapsed . Soon after the attacks , I co-founded , with my friend David Paine and other 9/11 family members and friends , a grassroots initiative called MyGoodDeed . Our goal ? To establish the anniversary of September 11 , 2001 as an annually recognized national day of service . Our widely shared view was that there would be no better way to pay tribute to those thousands lost and those millions who rose in spontaneous , compassionate and effective service to help rebuild our spirit and our nation in the aftermath of the attacks . Supported by all the leading 9/11 family , survivor and volunteer organizations , the initiative has since attracted the attention and participation of millions of people around the world , from all 50 states and more than 170 nations and territories . People choose whatever form of kindness and service they 'd like to perform each 9/11 . And with acts large and small , they are making a real difference in the lives of people and communities in need . Some make donations -- clothing , books , eyeglasses , money , blood . Some help repair schools and parks and beaches . Some send care packages to our troops overseas , or work in soup kitchens . Some read to the blind , or visit the elderly . This Sunday , retired New York Giants great George Martin is leading a fundraising walk from New York to New Jersey to raise money for the health care of thousands of rescue and recovery workers of Ground Zero who are ailing as a result of their service after 9/11 . There is no limit to what people can do to participate . Of note is that just like those who died in the horror of that September morning , those who engage in service on 9/11 represent a wide range of political preferences , ages , races , religions , economic status and geographic locations . Unlike as suggested recently by some conservative journalists and bloggers , this 9/11 service phenomenon is not new and is certainly not about some kind of liberal agenda intended to diminish the meaning of September 11 or redefine it for political gain . Indeed , the notion of engaging in service to mark each 9/11 began during the Bush administration , and has been widely supported by both sides of the aisle on Capitol Hill . In fact , in 2004 the U.S. Congress unanimously passed House Congressional Resolution 473 , saying the anniversary of September 11 should be a national day of service and compassion . In April of this year , President Obama signed the Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act , substantially bi-partisan legislation that included a provision formally establishing September 11 as a "  National Day of Service and Remembrance . " The 9/11 community largely applauded this major step forward . And as I watched the president sign this legislation , along with members of the ServiceNation coalition and surrounded by a diverse group of political leaders , educators , students , service volunteers and others , I experienced both chills and a feeling of great warmth as I thought about my brother who died in service to others . Service as a way to honor the victims , workers and volunteers of September 11 ensures that future generations will learn not only about the attacks but about how good people around the world responded when our nation was severely wounded . Further , it serves as a productive and meaningful way forward out of the ashes of September 11 as our national challenges are now as great as ever . Some people say , "  Enough about 9/11 already . Let 's move on . " Surely , I understand that . Even while remembering , we must move ahead . And that 's really the point about this observance . Let 's pay tribute to all those who were injured or who perished , like my brother , and to all those who rose in service to save and protect our nation , by looking forward and by improving the lot of those people and communities in need . This moment in history was not just about the attacks . It was also about compassion . And that is the lesson of the events of 9/11 , and for me is the essence of this National Day of Service and Remembrance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay S. Winuk .	Jay Winuk : 9/11 has been recognized as a national day of service He says it 's not a day to skip work or go shopping He says people choose to do acts of kindness , large or small Winuk : There 's no political agenda , Bush and Obama have supported it
CNN  -- The northeast region of the United States got pummeled with snow . It was bad , really bad . According to the National Weather Service , nearly 2 feet of snow fell north of Boston while other parts of the Northeast received as much as 18 inches . That was good enough to shut down schools , cancel flights in the region and declare snow emergencies . For my city , Valdez , Alaska , 18 inches of snow is just another day ; schools operate , companies stay open and people go about their daily routines . The Prince William Sound community , where the Trans Alaska Pipeline and the Richardson Highway end , tops the list as the snowiest city in United States , according to The Weather Channel . It averages 326.3 inches of snow each year and has gotten as much as 556.7 inches in one season . Yet the city manager has said that declaring a snow emergency would be "  humiliating . " How does a town with a population of nearly 4,000 cope with all that snow ? The plows go out in the early mornings trying to clear the snow before locals head to work and school . It 's not smart to be driving during snow removal . Sometimes you can drive head-on into the path of a snowplow . Then there are the berms , that barrier of unplowed snow in the middle of the road . Unless you have an SUV or a truck that 's high off the ground , making that left turn is n't advised . Those two obstacles can turn your drive down the street into an adventure . During this time , locals are asked not to park in the streets , at risk of getting a ticket . Where is all that snow stored ? The city uses its local parks as snow dumps . They 're green during the summer and white by winter . Barney Meyring Park is by far the biggest park strip in town . There are playgrounds , basketball courts and a large open space for dogs to run around in the park . The south end was used as a temporary football field last season . All those assets are hidden beneath several feet of snow during the winter . Next to city hall is another snow storage site , a parking lot that is turned into a two-story high snowcone every winter . Those are just the public and commercial places . During that quick trip to the store , now a little longer because you 're dodging berms and snowplows , you will notice people with snowblowers in the driveways and on the roofs . Some residents have their own snowplows . Most just push the snow to the sidewalks and let the city crews do the rest . For me , Valdez was a shock . I grew up in Mississippi : If 2 inches of snow hit the ground  stick or melt  , there was no school for that day . I got my first taste of a REAL winter when I ventured off to college in Nebraska . I remember sitting in the dorm and watching TV when the first snowstorm of the school year came . I thought for sure classes would be canceled . Every educational institution in the area canceled classes , except mine . Still in shock from not seeing my college 's name scroll across the bottom of the screen , I bundled up and headed to class . When I moved to Alaska , I had the same thoughts about the Last Frontier as everyone else : It 's cold , with igloos and polar bears . I thought my Midwest experience had prepared me for the elements of Alaska . My first winter in the state was in Wrangell , a town of more than 2,300 people in Southeast Alaska . As in the rest of the region , it rains much of the time . I saw plenty of snow during my two-year stint there , but it was nothing compared to Valdez . People warned me , but I did n't listen . I thought I was good with a nice coat , gloves and a decent pair of boots . It has been three years since I 've moved here and I still have a sort of love-hate relationship with the snow . One thing is clear : It takes a lot of snow for the city to shut schools and businesses . That happened during the 2011-12 winter . After a slow start , Alaska 's south central region was pummeled from December through February . It got really bad for Valdez 's regional counterpart , Cordova . With the snow dumps full , that city declared a state of emergency and called in the Alaska National Guard to clear out most of the snow . Valdez officials came close to going in that direction after schools and businesses were closed because of excessive snow loads on roofs . Valdez City Manager John Hozey said it best during rounds of meetings with the public and other leaders : "  Valdez prides itself on being the snow capital in the world . And for us to declare a state of emergency would be humiliating . " Officials in Valdez did n't call in the National Guard , but relied on outside help with snow removal . It brought in workers from other parts of the state to help cut blocks of snow off the roofs of schools and businesses . A shovel that season was the most valuable tool in town . That winter saw seasonal records broken throughout the state . Anchorage bragged about breaking its seasonal record with 134.5 inches . Valdez 's response : "  Good for you . " It received 152.2 inches in the month of December and closed out with 438.3 inches for the season .  Valdez 's record for snowfall in a season was set during the 1989-90 winter with 556.7 inches . I 've had plenty of days where my sense of accomplishment from digging out my car from a previous snowfall is taken away minutes later by the next . Digging out my radio station 's satellite dishes has become a regular winter chore . I can get by without studs on my tires , but they sure would make driving easier in those slippery areas . One of these days , I 'll get used to the all the snow here in Valdez . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tony Gorman .	Ex-Mississippian Tony Gorman now lives in the snow capital of the U.S. Valdez , Alaska , has gotten as much as 550 inches of snow in one season He says schools remain open , businesses operate after big snowfalls Gorman : Biggest problems are disposing of snow and lightening the load of snow on roofs
CNN  -- A policeman in China has been arrested after he allegedly hurled a baby to the ground , local officials say . The officer , Guo Zengxi , from the city of Linzhou in China 's central Henan Province , was on his way to a karaoke bar after drinking with friends on the evening of July 20 , state news agency Xinhua reported . When the off-duty officer came across a couple taking their 7-month-old daughter for an after-dinner walk , he reportedly grabbed the baby from her father 's arms and threw her to the ground , injuring it , Xinhua reported . The infant is now in a stable condition , and may be taken to Beijing for further treatment , an official told CNN . Guo was initially detained for 15 days as punishment following the incident , but received no additional punishment , according to local media . However , he was re-arrested Sunday after the incident sparked an outcry on Chinese social media , and an investigative team was sent to probe further , Xinhua reported . It is the second recent incident of children being assaulted by unknown adults to have made headlines in China . In July , a 2-year-old was killed in Beijing after a man grabbed her from her stroller and threw her to the ground in a confrontation with her mother over a parking spot . CNN 's Feng Ke contributed to this report .	A policeman in China 's Henan Province has sparked outrage by throwing a baby to the ground State media reported the off-duty officer had been drinking with friends before the incident A 2-year-old was killed in Beijing in July in a similar incident
CNN  -- If there is one institution that has made a point of desperately trying to keep women in their place , it 's organized religion . Whether it 's Christianity , Islam or Judaism , women are often relegated to secondary roles , their contributions seen as insignificant . In the Catholic Church , that is taken a step further by refusing to even allow women to become priests . Now , some Catholic churches are alienating women by refusing to allow girls to serve as altar servants . In South Riding , Virginia , at Corpus Christi Catholic Church , the Rev. Michael Taylor announced that the church will no longer train girls to be altar servants . That angered one woman at the church , who spoke to the Washington Post about the decision . According to the Post : "  Taylor , who did not return phone calls for comment , wrote in the parish bulletin that he hoped the church would ` create opportunities , and perhaps clubs ' for girls as a way to help them find ways to serve the church , rather than serving at the altar . " The Roman Catholic Church of Phoenix has also ceased allowing girls to serve as altar servants , angering some there by taking such a hard-line stance . It would behoove these priests and archbishops to actually open up their Bibles and realize that were it not for women , there might never have been Christianity . The Catholic Church regards Peter as its first pope , teaching that it was Jesus who gave Peter and the other disciples the direction to create the church . According to Matthew 16:17 -20 , Jesus said to Peter : "  Blessed are you , Simon son of Jonah , for this was not revealed to you by flesh and blood , but by my Father in heaven . And I tell you that you are Peter , and on this rock I will build my church , and the gates of Hades will not overcome it . I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven ; whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven , and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven . " Yet the Bible also records that when Jesus was crucified , his disciples were scared to death of being killed themselves , so it was left to the female followers of Jesus to stand guard to pray and weep as he hung on the cross . John 19:25 says Jesus ' mother , Mary , Mary the wife of Clopas , and Mary Magdalene all were standing vigil . No men . No disciples . No apostles . When Jesus was thirsty , the women , not a male disciple , gave him something to drink , before he died . When Jesus was n't found in the tomb , who made that discovery ? A woman , Mary Magdalene , not one of his disciples . When Mary went to get Peter and another disciple to show them that Jesus was gone , they saw for themselves , and went back into hiding "  with the doors locked for fear of the Jewish leaders "  John 20:19  . Who was left to be visited by two angels and Jesus ? No , not one of his male believers , but a crying Mary Magdalene ! According to the account in John 20 , Jesus told Mary , "  Do not hold on to me , for I have not yet ascended to the Father . Go instead to my brothers and tell them , ' I am ascending to my Father and your Father , to my God and your God . ' " When Mary Magdalene did as ordered , the disciples , the fervent male followers of Jesus , did n't even believe her . The Gospel of John records that Jesus had to show up for them to even believe that he had died and risen to heaven . Now just imagine the Christian faith if women had not been standing guard . If women were n't as vigilant in believing in Jesus Christ , there might not even be a Christian church today . That means no popes , no cardinals , no archbishops , no priests and no altar boys . When I was an altar boy for years at Our Lady Star of the Sea Catholic Church in Houston , the role was simple : to serve as a helper to the priest . Folks , there is nothing I did as an altar boy that a young woman could n't do . Nothing . This decision by Catholic Church leaders in Arizona and Virginia is nonsensical and unnecessary . All it does is drive a wedge through believers in the body of Christ , instead of expanding ways in which people can serve the church . Such ignorance is one of the reasons why nondenominational Christian churches are growing at a faster rate than those associated with a denomination . As long as churches erect barriers to serving for believers , they will not be seen as welcoming places to worship . Allowing women to serve as altar servants is the right thing to do ; it 's biblical . If women were good enough to stand guard and care for Jesus Christ , I 'm sure their female descendants are good enough to care for the church he commissioned . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Organized religion has long tried to keep women in their place , says Roland Martin Some Catholic churches are now refusing to let girls serve as altar servants , he says Yet were it not for women , there might never have been Christianity , Martin says Martin : When churches erect barriers to serving , they 're seen as unwelcoming
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- First , Justin Stoner blew the whistle on his platoon . Now , the Army apparently wants to silence him . In photos obtained by CNN , Stoner sports bruises and abrasions on his back , chest and near his neck -- the marks of a beating inflicted by fellow soldiers as payback for reporting their rampant hashish use , the Army said . At the time , those close to the investigation tell CNN , Stoner just wanted the smoking in his tent and around him to stop . So he went outside his group and reported the drug use to his superiors . But that move , and the subsequent beating he endured for being viewed as a snitch , triggered a wide-ranging criminal investigation that has left some soldiers accused of killing innocent Afghan civilians and others accused of posing in gruesome photos with the dead or keeping body parts as war trophies . Now the Army is doing everything it can to limit the publicity its own explosive account created . Stoner , a private first class now back in the United States , had agreed to speak with CNN about the torment he went through at the hands of fellow soldiers earlier this year . But just three hours before the interview was to take place in Seattle , CNN received this e-mail from his military attorney , Capt. Ernesto Gapasin , Jr. , abruptly pulling the plug on the scheduled interview : "  About two hours ago , prosecutors and I met re -LSB- regarding -RSB- the disposition of the case against PFC Stoner , " the attorney wrote . "  Based on this meeting , PFC Stoner will be given full immunity in this case and not be prosecuted for any allegations made against him , contingent also however , on staying away from the media . " The Army disputes that account , however , saying Stoner has not been given immunity . "  Discussing PFC Stoner 's direct involvement in these hearings is inappropriate and could affect the outcome of these cases , " Lt. Col. David P. Doherty , a spokesman for the Army 's I Corps , told CNN in a statement issued Thursday . "  It is imperative that we follow the judicial process in order to provide the accused a fair and impartial trial , while at the same time serve justice , " Doherty said . "  PFC Stoner is currently not charged in these matters , nor has he been granted immunity by the convening authority for his cooperation in these ongoing investigations . " What is clear is the Army is scrambling to contain the news of an apparently out-of-control platoon . The portrait of rogue soldiers at a forward operating base in Afghanistan has been painted by the Army itself in chilling charge sheets leveled at 12 members of the 5th Brigade , 2nd Infantry Division , based out of Joint Base Lewis-McChord outside Tacoma , Washington . Five of the dozen are charged with pre-meditated murder in what investigators call the "  staged " killings of three civilian Afghans . Those soldiers and the others face various other charges as well from unlawful use of illicit drugs , possession of a human skull , fingers and leg bones to the assault on Stoner . Two directives have been sent to military and civilian attorneys representing the Stryker dozen . They involve grisly photos allegedly showing dead bodies and body parts , and soldiers posing as if they had killed a deer on a hunt . One of the orders commanded military defense attorneys to return all "  documents inadvertently provided by the government " on September 9 . The marked exhibits , lawyers told CNN , correspond to the photos . A number of lawyers have told CNN the photos are worse than those that depicted humiliating poses of Iraqi prisoners at the infamous Abu Ghraib prison . Those photos sparked outrage and riots in parts of the world . Another directive apparently was meant for civilian attorneys and not only pointedly ordered the return of photos but further said defense and prosecution teams could only view them at Lewis-McChord . Lawyer Dan Conway , who represents Pfc. Andrew Holmes , told CNN the order makes it difficult to represent their client , because it prohibits them from forensic testing and they are housed in many cases thousands of miles from where the lawyers are based . Other attorneys have similarly complained to CNN that the Army is tying their hands in defending their clients to avoid more embarrassment . Holmes is charged with premeditated murder in a January killing . Conway said his client is innocent of the charges and was denied representation for 20 days , despite repeatedly asking for an attorney while still in Afghanistan . Both orders were signed by Col. Barry H. Higgins , the brigade 's commander . The second directive reads , in part : "  Further I order that all such images may not be distributed to any persons outside of personnel assigned to CID . ` Human Casualties ' are defined as dead , wounded or injured human beings to include separated body parts , organs , and biological materials , resulting from either combat or non-combat activities . " Even without those photos surfacing , much has already leaked out about the case , spurred in no small part by the Army 's release and description of grisly details in the charging documents . And the headlines around the world about the rogue unit have created a backlash in a part of the world where the Army desperately hopes to win over hearts and minds . The beating of Stoner and the murders of Afghans apparently just for sport and then staged to look like combat casualties - have been highlighted by some of the accused soldiers ' whose own words captured on interrogation tapes obtained by CNN . Tapes describe killings for sport In one of those videotaped sessions , Cpl. Jeremy Morlock -- who has been charged in all three of the killings -- recounts how he and several other soldiers deliberately ambushed Stoner on May 5 . "  So yeah , we walked into the room and locked the door behind us and a couple guys started talking to him , laying on him , " Morlock told investigators . Asked by investigator what he meant , Morlock replied , "  Why would you rat out your guys , stuff like that . " He said Stoner initially denied he went to superiors , then admitted it as he was being confronted by their squad leader , Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs . "  I think someone had grabbed him at that point and maybe punched him in the chest or something , " Morlock said on the tape . "  He then made a comment like you guys can sit here and punch me all day long if you want and once he said that , Gibbs was like OK , grabbed him off his cot and threw him on the ground in his room and that 's when a few guys got some licks in . " Morlock 's attorney , Michael Waddington , said his client was on prescription drugs from the Army , high on hashish and suffering combat-related injuries when the crimes were committed . The Army has recommended Morlock be court-martialed . Gibbs ' attorney said he is not ready to comment on the case . But Gibbs has been charged with the most crimes , and is depicted in the interrogation tapes made by some of the accused and in witness statements as the ringleader who reveled in his kills and dropped three human fingers in front of Stoner after the beating . Other soldiers told investigators that Gibbs liked to collect fingers , teeth and leg bones as souvenirs . Gibbs is also suspected of being a skinhead who kept track of his "  kills " with skull tattoos on his leg . Reports show Army sgt. tracked kills with tattoos CNN has obtained investigators ' photos of the tattoos clearly showing skulls and cross bones . One soldier , not charged , said Gibbs "  associates with skinheads online . "  It 's scary because they are worse than most gang members I 've met , " the soldier told investigators . The photos are included in over 1,000 pages of evidence compiled by the Army and turned over to attorneys . They include witnesses ' statements and depict a platoon where Gibbs ruled -- and anyone who did n't follow his rules believed they could end up like Stoner . "  I take that man very seriously , " Spc. Adam Winfield told investigators in his videotaped confession . "  He likes to kill things . He is pretty much evil incarnate . I mean I have never met a man who can go from one minute joking around then mindless killings . I mean he likes to kill things . " Winfield is charged with premeditated murder in a May killing of an Afghan civilian whose death was made to look like a hostile enemy battlefield death . His lawyer , Eric Montalvo , said his client is not guilty of premeditated murder despite what his client told investigators on the videotaped interrogation . The Army is now investigating claims by Winfield 's father , Christopher Winfield , that it ignored his attempts to warn them about Gibbs . Warning may have been ignored The elder Winfield told CNN that his son alerted him after the first killing , and he said two more men died needlessly after that because the Army would not listen to his warnings . In addition , the Army reportedly is re-examining Gibbs ' role in the 2004 shooting of two adults and a child in Iraq , near the city of Kirkuk . The shooting involved a car which purportedly was swerving towards a uniformed patrol . Spc. Michael Wagnon is the fifth member of the Stryker platoon charged with premeditated murder . His attorney , Colby Vokey , said his client is innocent . The Army , meanwhile , seems to have decided to let the charging documents be its official comment . "  I do n't want to do anything that could in any way jeopardize the prosecution or their ability of the defendants in this case to get a fair trial , " Geoff Morell , a Pentagon spokesman , told reporters October 5 . -- CNN 's Todd Schwarzschild , Courtney Yager and Scott Zamost contributed to this report Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	Army says Pfc. Justin Stoner was beaten by fellow soldiers for reporting their drug use Stoner 's report led to a wide-ranging investigation into the killings of Afghan civilians 12 soldiers have been charged , some with pre-meditated murder and possessing body parts For more on this story , watch CNN 's Situation Room tonight at 5 p.m. ET
CNN  -- A relaxing day at Southern California 's famed Venice Beach took a deadly turn Sunday afternoon when a powerful lightning bolt struck the water , killing one person and injuring at least 13 , emergency officials said . The sudden lightning strike at Venice Beach caused panic as people tried to get out of the water and off the beach . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office confirmed one man in his 20s died at a local hospital after he was rescued from the beach . But it 's too soon to say whether he died from "  a lightning strike , drowning or being trampled by the crowd , " according to John Kades with the coroner 's office . "  The day started out clear , but there were storms in the forecast for the region on Sunday , " CNN meteorologist Sherri Pugh said of the isolated thunderstorms that swept through the Los Angeles area . The lightning hit the water and the beach at 2:51 p.m. PT  5:51 p.m. ET  , according to spokeswoman Katherine Main of the Los Angeles Fire Department . Emergency responders assessed the condition of at least 13 victims -- all of whom were either in or near the water -- at the scene . Of those , seven adults and one teenager were transported to local hospitals . One was listed in serious conditions and six were listed in fair condition by late Sunday afternoon The National Weather Service in Los Angeles tweeted around the time of the strike that "  cloud to ground lightning " had been reported in nearby Marina del Rey and at the Los Angeles International Airport . Witnesses tweeted they saw a huge bolt of lightning strike the area , with one Twitter user describing an explosion that blew off nearby roof tiles . Lightning also struck Catalina Island on Sunday . Los Angeles County Sheriff Sgt. Robert Berardi said a man was hit by a lightning strike near a golf course . He was taken to a local hospital , treated and later released . Lightning fatalities are pretty rare in California . Between 1959 and 2012 , 31 people died after they were struck by lightning , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . In comparison , there were 468 deaths from lightning strikes in Florida during the same time period , followed by 215 in Texas . The National Weather Service has compiled a list of lightning safety tips on its website . There is no safe place outside during a thunderstorm or when lightning strikes , the agency said . To reduce the risk of injury or even death during severe weather , people planning outdoor activities of any kind should have a safety plan . At the first clap of thunder , the weather service said anybody outdoors should run for shelter or for their vehicles and they should remain sheltered for at least 30 minutes after the last clap of thunder is heard . When visiting the beach , where there is limited shelter available for taking cover during a thunderstorm , the weather service advises people to run for their cars at the first sign of thunder or lightning in the distance . The agency also warns against taking cover under the beach picnic shelters . It says water , wet items , like ropes and metal objects , including fences and poles , are big dangers during lightning storms because water and metal are both great conductors of electrical currents . The weather service also offers these tips for minimizing the risk of getting struck by lightning : Avoid open fields and hilltops , stay away from tall , isolated trees or other tall objects , set up camps in lower lying areas and remember tents do not offer protection from lightning . There is also professional lightning detection equipment available that issues alerts when lightning is approaching an area . The weather service said it 's a good investment for outdoors sports groups or other outside events . Lightning strikes in Colorado park kill 2 people in 2 days Fire lieutenant resuscitated after lightning strike in Ohio CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	A man in his 20s was killed in a lightning strike at California 's Venice Beach Emergency responders treated 13 people injured in the storm Thunderstorms were in the forecast before deadly lightning strike Fatalities from lightning strikes are rare in California
CNN  -- England soccer captain John Terry , who is accused of racially abusing another player during a match , will go on trial July 9 after his lawyers entered a plea of not guilty in a London Magistrate 's Court on Wednesday . Terry did not appear in person for the hearing . The trial date was set so far in the future because of Terry 's football match commitments . Grosvenor Law , which is representing the football player , said it will put forward a "  detailed and robust " defense , adding that Terry is "  shocked and disgusted " by the accusation . The case stems from comments the Chelsea footballer allegedly made to Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand in an English Premier League match last year . Alison Saunders , chief crown prosecutor for London , said Terry is being prosecuted for a "  racially aggravated public order offense " because of the comments during the October 23 match . "  I am satisfied there is sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest to prosecute this case , " Saunders said in December . The maximum penalty for the offense is Â # 2,500  $ 3,900  . The London-born defender denied the allegations . "  Mr. Terry has never racially abused another player in his entire career , " his lawyers said Wednesday . Terry 's club has also backed him up . "  John has made it clear he denies the charge and is determined to do all he can to prove his innocence , " the club said in a statement in December . "  Chelsea FC has always been fully supportive of John in this matter and there is no question that we will continue to be so . Terry 's position as England captain has come under scrutiny since the allegations were made , and the court case will come before the team 's next match at home against the Netherlands on February 29 . The English Football Association 's former chief executive , David Davies , said the ruling body might take action later if Terry is found guilty . "  The FA would most certainly go down that road , " Davies said in December . "  England is the country which first embraced the idea of using the power of football to face racism back in the 1990s . England has not , unlike many other countries , swept this issue under the carpet . "  He can most certainly still play for England , as things stand . You always start with the premise of innocence until proven guilty . He will , to be sure , fight these charges with a vehemence . " In another case last year , Liverpool 's Luis Suarez was suspended and fined for racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra . Suarez was suspended for eight matches and fined Â # 40,000  $ 63,000  , England 's Football Association announced in December . Evra said Suarez repeatedly shouted a racial slur at him during the October 15 match and demanded that Suarez be held accountable . Suarez did not specify what he said , but said it was n't offensive . And his club issued a statement saying it was "  very surprised and disappointed " with the decision . Racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged English football for years . On Saturday , police arrested a man on suspicion of making a racially abusive gesture at a high-profile soccer match between Liverpool and Manchester United earlier that day . Also in January , Merseyside police arrested a 20-year-old man on "  suspicion of a racially-aggravated public order offense " following a Liverpool match against Oldham .	NEW : The trial date is set so far in the future because of Terry 's football commitments NEW : He is "  shocked and disgusted " by the accusation , his lawyers say The case stems from comments the Chelsea footballer allegedly made to Anton Ferdinand Racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged English football for years
CNN  -- A court in Fulton County , Georgia , has temporarily stopped the scheduled Monday night execution of condemned murderer Warren Hill . Hill was sentenced to death for the 1990 killing of Joseph Handspike , another inmate in a Georgia state prison . He was convicted of beating Handspike to death with a nail-studded board while serving a life sentence in the 1985 killing of his girlfriend , Myra Wright . His lawyers have argued that Hill is mentally retarded . Last minute stay of execution granted in February "  Today , the Court found that more time is needed to explore Mr. Hill 's complaint , which raises serious concerns about the extreme secrecy surrounding the execution process in Georgia , and the new Lethal Injection Secrecy Act , which took effect one day before Georgia issued a death warrant for Mr. Hill , " Brian Kammer , Hill 's attorney said in a statement . Monday is not the first time Hill 's execution has been halted . He had previously been scheduled to die last July , but the state Supreme Court stopped the execution on procedural grounds . Hill was granted another stay in February . According to Kammer , a briefing on Hill 's complaint will take place Thursday . A new execution date is expected to be set for the same day , he said . "  Ultimately , we are hopeful that the United States Supreme Court will hear Mr. Hill 's pending Petition for Writ of Habeas Corpus , and will have the opportunity to consider the important new evidence in this case , that there is unanimous consensus among all the doctors who have examined Mr. Hill , including three who previously testified for the state , that he is a person with mental retardation , and thus ineligible for the death penalty , " said Kammer . Hill 's lawyers say his low IQ means he should be spared under a 2002 decision that barred the execution of the mentally disabled . A string of state courts has said Hill does n't qualify under Georgia law , which requires inmates to prove mental impairment "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " CNN 's Matt Smith and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Warren Hill had been scheduled to die Monday night His lawyers say he 's mentally retarded The state says that has n't been proven in court
CNN  -- A twin-engine plane crashed late Friday afternoon in a Fort Lauderdale , Florida , parking lot , killing all three people onboard , authorities said . The Piper PA31 aircraft went down around 4:30 p.m. , soon after departing Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport , said Kathleen Bergen , a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration . Fort Lauderdale fire Division Chief John San Angelo told CNN affiliate WPEC that all three people on the plane died in the crash . Fort Lauderdale city spokeswoman Shannon Vezina later confirmed the three fatalities to CNN . "  There was  a lot of damage , a lot of fire -- I do n't think anybody could make it through that , " San Angelo said . There were no injuries among people on the ground , he added . The aircraft had taken off from the airport , then tried to circle back and land , according to Vezina . It did n't make it . Chris Jewett said that he was in his office building across the street when he saw the aircraft go down in a parking lot he said was for cars that had been towed . "  The whole building shook , " he told CNN . "  It  felt  like somebody crashed into the building . " Heading outside , Jewett noticed surging flames as well as billowing black smoke . "  Three of four  parked vehicles  actually blew up , the rest caught on fire , " he said . "  You could n't really look in . " Overhead video from CNN affiliate WSVN showed firefighters in a parking lot , hosing down a number of cars and trucks that had been charred in the incident . The plane itself was essentially unrecognizable . San Angelo , from the Fort Lauderdale fire department , said the aircraft hit a tree and a fence before slamming into seven vehicles and a boat .	NEW : All 3 people who were on the Piper PA31 aircraft died , fire and city officials says The plane left Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport and tried to circle back , but did n't make it A witness says it hit a lot for towed vehicles , and that several of those vehicles exploded There were no fatalities or injuries among people on the ground , a fire official says
Editor 's note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. ET Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . A nationally syndicated columnist , Martin has said he will vote for Barack Obama in November . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland Martin says Howard Dean bucked other leaders and insisted on a 50-state Democratic strategy . CNN  -- If Sen. Barack Obama is able to prevail over Sen. John McCain on Tuesday , all of those Democrats who ripped Howard Dean 's 50-state strategy over the last four years should call the head of the Democratic National Committee and offer a heartfelt apology . First in line should be New York Sen. Charles Schumer , Chicago , Illinois , Rep. Rahm Emanuel and my CNN colleague , political strategist James Carville . When Democrats were in the final stages of winning back Congress in 2006 , those three were at odds with Dean , saying he should forget about his pie-in-the-sky plan to have the Democratic Party competitive in all 50 states . They reasoned that money spent on get-out-the vote efforts in non-congressional elections was futile , and all the effort should be on reclaiming Congress . But Dean resisted their suggestions , weathering repeated calls for him to resign after that election . Dean 's insistence on having a Democratic Party that existed in the heartland , and not just California , New York and Massachusetts , was brilliant in that it made clear that the party recognized the rest of America . iReport.com : What would you ask Obama ? The Democratic Party earned its liberal label because it ignored the moderate and conservative voices that paved the way for the Reagan revolution to win three consecutive elections . Yet the decisive wins were n't just on the national level . Texas is a prime example . What used to be a blue dog Democratic state now has Republicans holding every statewide office . But things are looking up . In Dallas County , all of the county positions except for a handful were in the hands of the GOP , especially the judges . That changed four years ago , and now the party could solidify itself this time around . The same thing in Harris County . The state 's most populous county saw Republicans take everything in sight . This time around , Democrats are poised to take back Houston and surrounding cities . Texas Democratic leaders used to cry the blues when an election was near , but after seeing the massive turnout during the primary , they have been able to build their voter database and cultivate a new generation of politicians to run for office . Will the state go red ? Sure . But with a rock solid black vote , the ability to attract more Hispanic voters and a growing appeal to whites , Democrats may soon make Texas a competitive two-party state . If Democrats are going to achieve success on the national level , they must have significant enthusiasm on the local level . It 's hard to get your supporters ginned up for a national campaign if they see no infrastructure , especially local get-out-the-vote operations . When Obama announced that he was implementing a 50-state strategy , he was laughed at . But here we are with six days left in the campaign and the Republicans are having to spend precious dollars on ads in Montana , North Carolina , Virginia , Missouri , Iowa , Colorado and Nevada , GOP locks in past elections . Obama deserves a lot of the credit for this because his "  change " campaign theme , along with the horrible leadership of Republicans nationwide , is helping his candidacy . But changing the attitude among the nation 's Democrats was also vital , and that 's where Dean played a role . The former governor of Vermont saw firsthand the sorry shape of the party when he ran for president in 2004 . Republicans , led by Karl Rove , perfected their voter registration efforts , targeting voters down to the neighborhood , block and household . They knew that to win they needed a well-oiled machine that was n't activated every four years ; it needed to be active all year round and in every election cycle . So Dean put the people and resources behind substantial voter efforts in a number of states , and they went about rebuilding a crippled party that had no central voter registration effort , an outdated database of supporters , a fundraising arm that heavily relied on trial attorneys and Hollywood types , and a message that changed depending on the day . In addition to seeing how Obama performs on Tuesday , we will also watch and see if Democrats are able to increase the number of governorships and legislatures they control . That will be critical in 2010 , because that 's when the electoral map will be gerrymandered , redrawing the borders of congressional districts , and the party that rules the general assemblies , legislatures and governor 's mansions will write the rules to the game . Old pols always said that all politics is local , and the only way for a revitalized Democratic Party to expand its reach nationally is by re-branding the party on the home front . That takes time , money and leadership , and Howard Dean was willing to put his money where his mouth is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : DNC chair Howard Dean stuck to his 50-state strategy If Obama wins , other top Dems should apologize to Dean , he says Martin says the party needed to rebuild its local infrastructure Dean 's strategy is creating a year-round base for Democratic efforts , he says
Beijing  CNN  -- San Francisco-based TechCrunch brought a taste of Silicon Valley to Beijing this week , with more than 100 startups showcasing their innovations to tech fans and investors at a two-day event in the Chinese capital . The conference attracted some of the most forward-thinking and dynamic Chinese technology wannabees , including ANTVR , a wearable gaming device company . The startup attracted a long line of visitors eager to try out its very first product , ANTVR kit . Consisting of a headset and a controller , ANTVR claims the kit can provide a "  fully immersive experience " by projecting a high-definition image onto users ' retinas without distortion and provide an experience similar to an IMAX movie . During the demo , the player is thrown into a pitch-dark room and told to find the source of a sound , which leads to a pale ghost with blood trickling down her face . Qin Zheng , founder of ANTVR said the kit is compatible with all major gaming consoles and will hit both Chinese and overseas markets by the end of the year . The 27-year-old said ANTVR went through the same difficulties as many startups in China â $ " it was hard to find proper platforms to release products and raise funds . Crowdfunding Qin founded the company half a year ago , and to get started raised initial funding of $ 231,095 on U.S. crowdfunding site Kickstarter . "  Fund-raising is hard  here  . I think this is why everybody rushes to crowdfunding sites , " Qin said . Lu Gang , head of Technode , TechCrunch 's partner in China , said that Chinese startups face a unique set of challenges . "  I think Chinese startups  face  much tougher competition , like copies , " said Lu . "  We 've found so many copycats . " By bringing TechCrunch to China , Lu hopes to bring the originality and creativity that Silicon Valley is known for and inspire Chinese companies to invent something that "  really makes a difference . " "  I think the TechCrunch brand obviously stands for original work for entrepreneurs , and for creating something out of nothing , which is ideal . I think this is what everybody 's striving for , " says Lu . "  We want to encourage people here to be truly innovative instead of copying . " Beijing intern Shen Lu contributed to this report	More than 100 Chinese startups attended Beijing TechCrunch this week Organizers and participants say Chinese startups face tough challenges Fund-raising and counterfeits are big problems for Chinese tech innovators
CNN  On Tuesday , a white police officer in North Charleston , South Carolina , was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back . Officer Michael Slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at Walter Scott as Scott ran away from a traffic stop . The video footage contradicts Slager 's statement that he felt threatened after Scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle . The Post and Courier reported that the FBI has opened an investigation into the shooting death along with the State Law Enforcement Division , while the South Carolina attorney general is investigating possible civil rights violations . Now , after watching the footage -- which should remain in your memory for a long time to come -- one could say that Slager shot Scott like a dog . But then again , dogs usually are not treated this badly . But the man was shot like a runaway slave . In this case , there was clear documented evidence of what occurred , and no room for fabrications . Most police fatal shootings do not result in indictments because prosecutors conclude they are justifiable . The police officer can always plant a gun on the suspect he shot to death , or like Slager , apparently place a Taser near Scott 's body and concoct some story that his life was in danger . "  We ca n't bring Mr. Scott back , but something like this today can have a bigger precedence than just what happened here with Mr. Scott . Because what happened today does n't happen all the time , " said L. Chris Stewart , an attorney for the Scott family , at a press conference . "  I do n't think that all police officers are bad cops , but there are some bad ones out there . And I do n't want to see anyone get shot down the way that my brother got shot down , " said Anthony Scott , brother of the victim . "  What if there was no video ? What if there was no witness , or hero as I call him , to come forward ? Then this would n't have happened , because as you can see , the initial reports stated something totally different . The officer said that Mr. Scott attacked him and pulled his Taser and tried to use it on him . But somebody was watching , " Stewart added . "  After watching the video , the senseless shooting and taking of #WalterScott 's life was absolutely unnecessary and avoidable , " tweeted Sen. Tim Scott . "  My heart aches for the family and our North Charleston community . I will be watching this case closely . " Although the black community and others have been aware for years of the problem of police brutality , through personal experience and anecdotes , the data confirm that police use of deadly force is a black and white issue . A ProPublica analysis of police shootings from 2010 to 2012 found that young black males are 21 times more likely to be fatally shot by the police than young white males . And 67 % of teens killed while fleeing or resisting arrest were black . Of the whites who are killed by cops , 91 % are killed by white cops . Sixty-eight percent of people of color who are killed by police are also killed by white officers . Furthermore , 10 % of police involved in fatal shootings are black , and 78 % of the people killed by black officers are black . According to Cynthia Lee of George Washington University Law School , the disproportionate representation of blacks and other people of color in police shootings is due to the role of racial stereotypes by police . Racial stereotypes , Lee argues , subconsciously influence an officer 's decision on whether to use deadly force , even if the police do not consciously decide to use deadly force based on race . A simple question posed to the officer by a black person could be perceived as a threat to the officer 's authority . What 's more , a Washington State University study on deadly force found that participants felt more threatened in scenarios involving black suspects , suggesting participants "  held subconscious biases associating blacks and threats . " Scott is the latest in a long line of black bodies , from Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in Staten Island , to John Crawford III near Dayton , Ohio , and Tanisha Anderson and Tamir Rice in Cleveland . In this case , the bystander video of Scott 's killing and the cover-up of the crime by Slager made the difference . Otherwise , the bogus narrative of the good white cop protecting himself from the menacing black thug may have prevailed . What happened in North Charleston tells us the epidemic of police deadly force has not died . And yet , the mobilization and heightened consciousness of people across the nation have kept the issue on the front burner . The taking of black lives by the police remains a crisis situation in America that must be addressed , because #BlackLivesMatter . May Walter Scott rest in peace . The arrest and charging of Officer Michael Slager is a rare event that must be celebrated for the small victory that it is , in the midst of unspeakable tragedy . But this is by no means over .	A white police officer in South Carolina is charged with killing an unarmed black man in the back David Love : What happened tells us the epidemic of police deadly force against black people continues
CNN  -- Hugo Chavez 's handpicked successor was sworn in as Venezuela 's president on Friday . Nicolas Maduro 's inauguration ceremony took a dramatic turn at one point as a man in a red jacket rushed toward the podium in Venezuela 's National Assembly . "  They could have shot me right here . Security has failed , " Maduro said after the man was taken away . Maduro was quick to regain the floor and spoke for more than two hours , vowing to crack down on any coup attempts to remove him from the presidency and slamming political opponents for waging what he called a "  dirty election campaign " against him . Maduro 's inauguration comes a day after Venezuela 's National Electoral Council said it would complete 100 % audit of votes cast in Sunday 's election "  to preserve a climate of harmony between Venezuelans . " Maduro secured 50.8 % of votes in the election while opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski won 49 % , election officials said earlier this week . Capriles had called for a vote-by-vote recount but said late Thursday that he accepted the decision by election officials to audit the tally . The narrow margin has sparked mounting tensions in Venezuela after the closely watched election to pick Chavez 's successor . Venezuela 's state-run AVN news agency said at least eight people have been killed in post-election violence across the country . The government news agency tied the deaths to opposition protests and said the victims were all followers of Maduro . CNN could not independently confirm government reports of violence and it was unknown whether there were any opposition injuries or fatalities . Opposition protesters have sent numerous accounts to CNN 's iReport , criticizing the government and pushing for a recount . In one of his last public appearances before his March 5 death , Chavez said he wanted Maduro to be his successor . Maduro now describes himself as "  Chavez 's son " and has vowed to continue the late leader 's plans to build "  21st century socialism . " On Thursday night , Capriles urged supporters not to be discouraged by Friday 's inauguration and to stay at home and listen to salsa music . "  This fight has not finished . ... I am sure that sooner rather than later the truth will come out , " he said .	Nicolas Maduro is sworn in as Venezuela 's president Hugo Chavez tapped him as a successor The opposition candidate has called for a recount ; election officials auditing results Man rushes toward podium ; "  He could have shot me right here , " Maduro says
CNN  -- FIFA has employed a pair of high-profile crimefighters to help tackle corruption in the game , after a wake of scandals that have engulfed soccer 's world governing body . President Sepp Blatter announced that former United States attorney Michael J Garcia and German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert had joined the organization to probe allegations of wrongdoing . Their first task will be to investigate a Swiss court document after an investigation into alleged illegal payments made by FIFA marketing partner International Sports and Leisure  ISL  to former FIFA president Joao Havelange and former executive committee member Ricardo Teixeira . The report found that Havelange had received at least 1.5 million Swiss francs  $ 1.53 million  and Teixeira was paid at least CHF 12.4 million  $ 12.64 million  from marketing partner ISL . Blatter : I knew about ` illegal ' payments Last week Blatter admitted that he did know about the alleged bribes handed to former FIFA executives , but insisted he did n't think they were illegal at the time . As well as the new appointments , Blatter also announced a new FIFA Code of Ethics which includes provision to remove time limitations for the prosecution of bribery and corruption cases . He said the new two-chamber court would help to prosecute cases more quickly and could look retrospectively at old cases , including the process surrounding the decision to award the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively . "  I do n't see any limitation if anything has happened , " he told a press conference at FIFA 's headquarters in Zurich , Switzerland , when asked about the ISL case . "  We have a new set of rules and regulations , we have new regulations for the Ethics Committee , we have no statute of limitations there . "  What you are mentioning right now , this is a case that has been taken to the Supreme Court in Switzerland , where a decision was taken , so FIFA will now look into only moral and ethical issues . " Garcia was appointed head of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency in the Department of Homeland Security by former president George W. Bush . He has prosecuted a number of high-profile cases including the 1993 terrorist bombing of the World Trade Center in New York . Eckert is a specialist when it comes to big bribery charges , and presided over an investigation into German telecommunications giant Siemens that uncovered billion-dollar payments . Blatter spoke of his delight at the dual appointment on his official Twitter page , writing : "  Major milestone for our governance process : Ethics Code approved , independent chairmen for investigatory & adjudicatory chambers . "  I remain 100 % committed to reforms and FIFA fully backs Michael Garcia and Hans-Joachim Eckert , the two new independent chairmen . "  On my request , ISL file will be given to the new Ethics Committee . ISL is settled legally -- now it will be settled also morally . " Meanwhile , Mohamed bin Hammam , a former challenger to Blatter for the FIFA presidency , has been suspended for 30 days over new corruption allegations . The Qatari was banned from soccer for life after a FIFA probe found him guilty of offering bribes in return for votes during his challenge to Blatter , which he withdrew hours before his ban . He was temporarily replaced as head of the Asian Football Confederation , after serving for nine years as president . Bin Hammam has repeatedly protested his innocence and has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport with a verdict due this week . But the AFC announced on their website that he had been suspended after an inspection of the organization 's accounts . The audit concerned "  the negotiation and execution of certain contracts and with the financial transactions made in and out of AFC bank accounts and his personal account during the tenure of Mr Bin Hammam 's presidency , " it said .	FIFA unveil two new appointments to their Ethics Committee at press call in Zurich US attorney Michael J Garcia and German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert join organization Pair will help investigate allegations of wrongdoing in world football First task is to probe documents relating to case involving marketing firm ISL
CNN  -- Teams from across the globe will soon learn whether their green designs will take top prize at Solar Decathlon Europe 2012 -- a competition that challenges collegiate designers to build houses powered exclusively by the sun . But beyond their use of photovoltaic panels , these sustainable homes of the future will also be judged on overall design , construction quality and the level of innovation . The 19 small houses that run solely on solar power were built over two weeks in September at Villa Solar in Madrid , Spain , and provide an architectural spectacle that the public can tour for free . Read more : Solar Decathlon Europe 2012 Teams from Europe , China , Japan , Brazil and Egypt , designed these houses to produce minimal waste throughout the structures ' life cycle . The lighting , heating and cooling must be fully functional in each house , as do any household appliances inside them , like televisions and ovens . Plumbing is the only component not set up in these showcase homes . During their final days on display , the houses accumulate points through a series of 10 mini-contests , each measuring specific parameters like architecture , engineering , energy efficiency and market viability . The team with the most points after the final judging wins . With two more contests to go , a French team 's house , "  Canopea , " is leading the pack , followed by a Spanish team 's "  Patio 2.12 " and an Italian team 's house , called "  Med in Italy . " Ecolar , a team from Germany , is in fourth place right now but its team member , Jakob Winter , says just completing the house the way they had conceptualized it is gratifying enough . "  The most rewarding thing is the feedback of the visitors , " he said . "  So many people have come to me after the tour to say what a wonderful building it is , and the atmosphere inside the house . We 're just very happy because we feel the same inside our house . " Feedback is important for a team like Ecolar , which is one of the teams that already has concrete plans to take its prototype to the market . "  We already have several inquiries from all around the world of people who would very much like to purchase an Ecolar home , " Winter said . Ecolar won the award for having the best engineering . It is a prefabricated modular home , meaning that they have designed several structures that can all be pieced together in a broader system . The team enhanced the house 's "  passive " temperature regulation to save energy , which meant using hemp in its walls , ceiling and floor for better insulation , and installing clay plates on the ceiling to absorb heat . Like several of the other houses , Ecolar uses vertical , semi-transparent solar panels on the house 's faÃ § ade , which lets in natural light while helping to supply energy . Sustainable materials were taken into consideration for most entrants . A team from RWTH Aachen University in Germany , which designed the Counter Entropy House , found several innovative ways to incorporate items normally thought of as unusable : melted CDs were used to build plastic panels for the house 's facade , and salvaged beams and wood from the university 's stadium also served as building material . The house was also designed so that all of its parts can be easily separated for recycling . Amid the boxy structures , one house , designed by the team from the Technical University of Denmark , took an unusual yet striking shape . The house is called Fold , which looks lopsided with slanted walls and a slanted roof . The angles are meant to be adjustable , depending on where the house is built , to maximize the solar panels ' exposure to the sun . Like many other of the entrants , Fold produces more energy than it consumes , which means the excess power can be sent through the grid for other uses . At Villa Solar , the prototype houses ' overall surplus energy powers event spaces . The competition was spun off from the original Solar Decathlon held biannually by the U.S. Department of Energy in Washington , D.C. , and is the result of an agreement between the U.S. and Spain , which is hosting the European edition for the second time .	Solar Decathlon Europe brings together university teams from around the world The 19 small houses that run solely on solar power were built over two weeks The public can tour the houses at Villa Solar for free Many of the teams have plans to sell their houses commercially
CNN  -- Turkish police have identified the man suspected of killing American tourist Sarai Sierra , whose body was found earlier this month , CNN affiliate CNN Turk reported Thursday . Police are now looking for the suspect , identified only as "  Ziya T. , " in the southern province of Hatay , where he has family , CNN Turk reported . Police distributed a picture of him at all border checkpoints in case he tries to leave the country . Sierra , a mother and amateur photographer from Staten Island , New York , went missing January 22 while on a solo trip . Her body was found February 2 near ancient stone walls in Istanbul , according to the semi-official Anatolian news agency . Police suspect the 33-year-old was killed at a different location than where she was found . Sierra went to Turkey on January 7 and was due to return home January 22 . Earlier this month , CNN Turk reported police detained a Turkish man with whom Sierra was in contact . Authorities collected DNA samples from 21 people , including three foreigners . It was not immediately known whether "  Ziya T. " was among them . Slain photographer 's family sells her photos online	Police search for the man in southern Turkey They distribute his picture at border checkpoints Sarai Sierra went missing in January while on a solo trip Her body was found earlier this month
CNN  -- What if you found yourself stuck alone at a faraway airport -- with no money , credit cards or ID ? How easily could you fly back home again ? You might survive if you had a smartphone . Emerging "  empty pockets " technology is increasingly allowing travelers to use their phones to make purchases , book flights , check in and board planes . Wallets ? They 're so 2008 . Delta , American and United are already big into electronic boarding passes on smartphones , and stragglers like JetBlue are planning e-boarding programs in the near future . What 's next ? If some visionaries have their way , the future of mobile travel will touch virtually every key activity at the airport -- including security and U.S. passports . Smartphone technology might improve airport efficiency and help ease the pain from skyrocketing traffic predicted in the next 20 years . But is a post-9 / 11 world comfortable with the idea of merging personal cell phones into the airport security network ? Apple -- still basking in the afterglow of last week 's iPhone 5 curtain raiser -- is also unveiling Passbook , an app which organizes e-boarding passes , flight reservations , coupons and other documents . But Apple has a much more grandiose plan for its empty pocket dreams , according to public U.S. Patent and Trademark Office documents . Read the patent document  PDF  . For example , imagine checking bags with your cell phone -- or passing through security by flashing an official driver 's license or U.S. passport displayed on your phone . Outside the airport , envision using just your phone to rent a car or to check into a hotel . How about using your phone as an electronic hotel room key ? But let 's get real , say industry experts and government officials . As cool as all these ideas sound , extending Apple 's technology and influence to airport baggage tracking and TSA security would be unprecedented . "  I 'm always kind of staggered by the scale and complexity and the ambition that they have , " says mobile phone industry analyst Nick Holland of Yankee Group . As you might expect from the secretive folks at Apple , they would n't talk to CNN about the patent documents . But we did grab some time with "  Apple Insider " reporter Neil Hughes , who covers nothing but Apple , including its patents for future products . "  Security may be the biggest issue , " says Hughes . Carrying all your personal ID and travel documents on a single device would be very tempting for skilled password hacks , says Hughes . Related story : Your smartphone will eventually be hacked The concept The 2008 patent application was approved in July and filed under the working title "  iTravel . " Hughes suspects the iTravel concept will be folded into Apple 's Passbook app , which will be available for download on Wednesday . Right now , Passbook will store electronic versions of airline boarding passes which will automatically pop up on iPhone screens when you arrive at the airport . The phone knows where you are , thanks to geo-locator technology . That aspect alone will make a lot of gadget-geeky travelers feel all gee-whizzy inside . Even more gee-whizzy : The patent calls for iPhones to automatically check in luggage when passengers approach an airport baggage check-in kiosk .  See details in the photo gallery above . Would security benefit from smart-phone based e-passports and e-drivers licenses ? Would they increase speed , efficiency or security at TSA check points ? Currently -- as most of us know -- TSA agents briefly examine government ID and boarding passes as each passenger presents their documents at a checkpoint at the end of a security line . Related story : Apple 's secrets are n't so secret anymore Under Apple 's patent , a traveler 's phone would automatically send electronic identification to a TSA agent as soon as the traveler gets in line . While each traveler waits in line , TSA agents would examine the electronic ID at an electronic viewing station . Next , at the X-ray stations , a traveler 's phone would confirm to security agents that the traveler 's ID had already been checked . Throughout the process , the phone photo could be displayed on a screen for comparison with the traveler . Facial recognition software could be included in the process .  See details on Apple 's proposal in the photo gallery above . The patent documents offer a surprising number of details which open doors to key questions about the system , but Apple declined to discuss the patent . The TSA would n't comment either on the viability of Apple 's plan . But other government officials , aviation authorities and longtime industry experts say Apple faces at least three high hurdles if they want to see this idea to fruition . Verification Several experts say a key question that must be answered is : How would you prove that the phone is yours ? In other words , how would you prove that the e-passport is actually you ? To get around this problem , future phones or electronic ID may require some form of biometric security function -- like fingerprint matching . In general , passports must be designed to be difficult to copy . Recent security changes to U.S. passports have included a hidden radio frequency identification chip to hinder counterfeiters . The chip includes the same data as the paper passport , a unique chip ID number , a digital version of the passport holder 's photo "  which will facilitate the use of face recognition technology at ports-of-entry , " according to the State Department website . Universality Any company that intends to create an official electronic ID will have to work closely with countless government authorities to come up with secure , verifiable standards . Think about the complexity of that idea across 50 U.S. states and all the nations that travelers visit each year . An electronic passport would have to be approved by an international standards organization , and it would have to be usable from country to country , according to the U.S. State Department , which oversees U.S. passports . There are ongoing government efforts aimed at using technology to enhance passport security and convenience , according to a State Department official . But the State Department says a smartphone portable e-passport is unlikely to become a reality anytime soon . "  We 're not at a point where the government is going to go digital for any of that stuff , " says Hughes , of "  Apple Insider . " Then he laughs and says , "  I mean , I 'm not even allowed to laminate my Social Security card . " Related story : Opinion : Airport Wi-Fi and mobile services are lacking Infrastructure Apple 's patent calls for the placement of special kiosks around the airport which will automatically exchange data with your phone via a close range wireless technology called near field communication  NFC  . Apple phones -- including the new iPhone 5 -- do n't include NFC , but they eventually would , according to the iTravel patent . Related story : NFC is n't ready for prime time If consumers , airlines , airports and the TSA do n't embrace the NFC kiosks , experts say it 's unlikely Apple 's vision would become reality . "  First you would have to sell industry on Apple 's idea , says Hughes . "  Then you 'd have to sell it to travel consumers . " Case in point : Google Wallet , a mobile phone app which allows people to make purchases with their NFC-enabled android phones . You set it up by attaching your Wallet account to your credit card . Then , you wave your phone near a special NFC-enabled point-of-purchase terminal , and voila ! It 's paid for . Most NewYork City taxis take Google Wallet . Travelers using Newark Liberty Airport can tap their Wallet-enabled phones at the New Jersey Transit rail station and at New York 's Penn Station . Many cabs in San Francisco also are Wallet-friendly . Also , using Google Wallet will get you access to special discount offers . Google is n't ruling out adding more travel features to Wallet -- like e-boarding passes . "  A wallet can hold all kinds of things , " hints Google 's Nate Tyler . "  Things are absolutely in development . " A little more than a year after launching , Google Wallet has about 200,000 NFC point of purchase terminals nationwide , according to Google . Although the concept may be ahead of its time , analyst Holland says Google Wallet remains less than successful because there simply are n't enough terminals . "  They 're probably about three years premature , " Holland says . "  It 's a chicken-and-egg problem , " says Hughes . "  You need to have the NFC kiosks there and you need to be aware of it and the stores have to invest in it , so sometimes it just does n't catch on . " Along with making a buck , Silicon Valley appears to be trying to make travel more convenient through smartphone technology . That makes sense , because travelers will need all the help they can get to plot a course through increasingly crowded airports . The number of yearly U.S. commercial airline passengers is expected to nearly double to 1.2 billion by 2032 , according to the FAA . As increasingly complicated smart-phone partnerships evolve between the tech world and the sprawling travel industry bureaucracy , it looks like growing pains will be unavoidable .	Apple releases Passbook travel/coupon app Wednesday Mobile technology opens door to "  empty pocket " travel Apple patent includes unprecedented airport security function Expert : Hackers would target electronic passports on phones
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- The mother of a Spanish man who died from the human form of mad cow disease has also died from the illness , Spain 's Ministry of Health said Wednesday . Spain has taken steps to avoid mad cow disease , and there is no danger from eating meat , officials said . It is believed to be the first case in the world where two members of the same family have died from mad cow disease , said Juan Jose Badiola , director of Spain 's national research center for mad cow disease . "  It 's noteworthy that there 's a double case in the same family , " Badiola said . Until now , Badiola added , clinical evidence that he 's seen from the United Kingdom and France -- which have had the most deaths due to the human form of mad cow disease -- have not recorded two cases in a single family . The mother , in her early 60s , died last month . The government confirmed Wednesday that it was because of mad cow disease but did not , by custom , make her name public . Her son , 41 , died in February from the same disease , Badiola said . The latest confirmed case makes a total of four deaths in Spain from mad cow disease since 2005 . Three of these cases in Spain were in the same northern province , Leon , which is another unusual aspect that will be studied , Badiola said . Ten years can pass between eating contaminated tissue and the appearance of the human form of the disease , called variant Creutzfeldt Jakob disease , health officials say . The health ministry said there is no danger from eating meat in Spain , because of existing controls . The steps to avoid the disease , taken after the first cases of mad cow disease appeared in the United Kingdom , included isolating infected animals and prohibiting cattle feed of animal origin or with animal proteins , the ministry said . "  The appearance of these sporadic cases is within the predictions that were made at the European level more than eight years ago , " the ministry statement said . Badiola said that it 's likely the mother and son contracted the disease before stricter controls against mad cow disease began in 2001 in Spain . The pair had similar eating habits , Badiola said , which included eating animal organs , such as kidneys and livers , and they may also have eaten animal brains . Researchers will try to determine whether the mother and son shared a genetic structure that might have been more prone to contracting the illness , Badiola said . The family 's home was in a village near the provincial capital of Leon , 333 kilometers  206 miles  northwest of Madrid . The other case in that province was of a woman , 50 , who was a local government worker in the provincial capital . She died in December from mad cow disease . The first confirmed death from mad cow disease in Spain was in 2005 , when a young woman died near Madrid . In addition to the cases in Spain , as of June the following numbers of cases of human mad cow disease had been reported : 167 in the United Kingdom ; 23 in France ; four in Ireland ; three in the United States ; two each in Netherlands and Portugal ; and one each in Canada , Italy , Japan and Saudi Arabia Two of the three U.S. cases , two of the four cases in Ireland and the single cases in Canada and Japan were people probably exposed to the mad cow agent while residing in the United Kingdom , officials have said . One of the 23 French cases may also have been infected in the United Kingdom .	Expert : First case where two members of same family died from mad cow disease The mother and son had similar eating habits and may have eaten animal brains There have been four deaths in Spain from mad cow disease since 2005
Baghdad  CNN  -- Dozens have died in Iraq in explosions primarily targeting amusement parks where families and children typically go to celebrate the Islamic holiday of Eid Al-Adha , according to police . At least 34 people died and 122 were wounded Monday in the series of car-bomb and roadside explosions across Baghdad , police officials said . At least 10 car bombs and three roadside bombs exploded in several Baghdad neighborhoods In the northern town of Muwafakiya , a car bomb killed 17 people and wounded at least 66 in a refugee compound , police said . The explosion caused buildings to collapse , trapping victims under rubble . The town is 20 miles east of Mosul . Seven children were among the dead , police said . The compound was home to displaced members of an ethnic Shiite minority and is near a Shiite mosque . Sunni extremist groups such al Qaeda have been targeting the minority in Nineveh province in recent months , police said . Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April , when security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Blasts claim lives in Iraq , Afghanistan , Syria on Muslim holy day Dozens killed in wave of bombings across Iraq CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll rises to 34 in Iraq explosions Many blasts appeared to target amusement parks , according to police An explosion in northern Iraq collapses buildings , traps people Sunni extremist groups are targeting a Shiite minority in the north
A former CIA officer accused of disclosing classified information to reporters and lying to a review board about material in a book he wrote is expected to plead guilty to some charges on Tuesday . John Kiriakou , is scheduled to appear Tuesday morning for a change of plea hearing at U.S. District Court in Alexandria , Virginia , but the court docket on the case does not reveal the charges to which Kiriakou will admit guilt . A five-count indictment brought against Kiriakou in April included charges that he illegally identified two people to reporters : a covert intelligence officer and an analyst . The specific allegations brought by the government were one count of violating the Intelligence Identities Protection Act , three charges under the Espionage Act for disclosing national defense information to people not authorized to receive it and one court of making false statements to a CIA review board about material in his book . One of the charges of illegally identifying a person concerned an analyst identified in the indictment as Officer B , who was involved in the 2002 operation that resulted in the capture of alleged al Qaeda terrorist Abu Zubaydah . Zubaydah is one of three detainees the CIA later admitted waterboarding during interrogations . A government report revealed the simulated drowning technique was used on him 83 times . Zubaydah has yet to be charged by the U.S. government and is incarcerated at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Kiriakou worked for the CIA from 1990 to 2004 . He and a co-author wrote a book , "  The Reluctant Spy : My Secret Life in the CIA 's War on Terror . " According to the indictment , Kiriakou lied when he submitted a draft of the manuscript to the CIA in 2008 and claimed an investigative technique discussed in the book was fabricated . The court document quotes an e-mail Kiriakou sent to his co-author , who was not named in the indictment , which said in part , "  I said some things were fictionalized when in fact they were n't . There 's no way they 're going to go through years of cable traffic to see if it 's fictionalized , so we might get some things through . " A CIA review board goes over all books and other writings by former or current CIA employees to guard against any disclosure of classified material . If convicted on all five charges in the original indictment , Kiriakou faces up to 45 years in prison . It is not known what sentence Kiriakou might receive in an apparent plea deal . Peter Carr , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , would not comment on Tuesday 's scheduled court proceeding . CNN was unable to reach a lawyer representing Kiriakou Monday evening . Jeffrey Toobin : Obama has been ` very tough ' on leakers	John Kiriakou is scheduled to appear Tuesday morning for a change of plea hearing He 's accused of disclosing classified information to reporters , lying to review board One charge involves 2002 operation that resulted in capture of alleged al Qaeda terrorist
EW.com  -- There are deep-dish '80s nostalgia movies , like "  Adventureland " and "  Hot Tub Time Machine . " Then there 's "  Take Me Home Tonight , " which duplicates the car crashes , drug jokes , all-night-long plot twists , and robot hip-hop dance moves of low-rent '80s party flicks with such casual fidelity that you may ask : Why not just watch "  Losin ' It , " "  Bachelor Party " or "  License to Drive " instead ? I ca n't claim that "  Take Me Home Tonight , " set in the summer of 1988 , is much better than -- or different from -- the real  cheesy  thing , but it does possess a certain backward-glancing innocent appeal . Topher Grace , as an MIT grad who has become the world 's most overqualified L.A. video-store clerk , looks longer and leaner than before , and he 's got a new confidence , too . Review : More about movies on EW.com He spends the film crashing beer bashes and pretending to be a big deal at Goldman Sachs , all to woo Teresa Palmer , who 's like Kristen Stewart minus the storm-cloud moodiness . The more he lies , the faster he talks , but that 's his rite of passage .  Any wuss can be sincere .  He also has to look after his pudgy-loser-sidekick buddy , played by Dan Fogler , who bounces off the walls like Jack Black and also evokes the smarmy-cute Curtis Armstrong from Risky Business . EW.com : More movie reviews on EW.com It gives you a jolt to recall , in this age of geek chic , that being unhip was once truly unhip . EW.com rating : B Release date : March 4 , 2011 Rated : R Starring : Topher Grace See the original article on EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Take Me Home Tonight " stars Topher Grace as an MIT grad Movie , set in the summer of 1988 , is n't much different from the real  cheesy  thing But it possess a certain backward-glancing innocent appeal
CNN  -- A Frenchman was captured among jihadists fighting international forces in northern Mali and is being extradited to France , the French defense minister said Friday . French forces are dealing with "  determined terrorists " in Mali , said Defense Minister Jean Yves Le Drian , speaking to French radio station Europe 1 from the African nation 's capital , Bamako . Mali : The long , troubled desert road ahead And the presence of the French citizen among them , as well as a French-Algerian man who was arrested last weekend , demonstrates how northern Mali had become a magnet for extremists , he said . "  This shows that there existed a kind of terrorist war network , which would welcome young people in search of a radical destiny , as some have done in Afghanistan or Syria , " he told the radio station . The French-Algerian man , who was sought by French police , was detained by Malian officers in northern Mali , Le Drian said . He was extradited Thursday to France , he said . Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? "  We knew that this part of Mali was potentially the sanctuary of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . We were not mistaken , this is the case , " Le Drian said . "  We are dealing with determined terrorists , who are heavily armed and who are waging significant battles and inflicting major damage . " Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . The militants banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines . French involvement in the conflict began on January 11 , the day after militants said they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako , the capital . Nearly 4,000 French soldiers are now deployed in Mali , according to the French Defense Ministry website , alongside about 6,300 troops from Chad and the African-led International Support Mission to Mali . Q&A : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? In the past few weeks , French and African forces have helped Malian troops drive the militants out of their strongholds in the north , including cities like Gao , Kidal and Timbuktu . Some of their number are believed to now to be hiding out in remote mountains near the border with Algeria . French troops are continuing to "  comb " through the Adrar des Ifoghas Mountains for the militants , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Thursday , and are keeping a strong presence in Gao , where "  important pockets of terrorist groups remain . " France is using DNA tests to identify the Islamist fighters killed in recent battles in northern Mali , Fabius said . Those tests could establish whether Moktar Belmoktar or Abdelhamid Abou Zeid -- two men who have been major forces in al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -- are among the dead , as has been suggested by others but not confirmed by France . France will begin to reduce its troop levels in Mali next month in an effort to have West African forces , with the support of the United Nations , take over and maintain security in the country , Fabius said .	A Frenchman found among jihadists in Mali is being extradited , French official says His arrest follows that of a French-Algerian man last weekend , he tells French radio Defense minister : Northern Mali has been a sanctuary for al Qaeda-linked terrorists Nearly 4,000 French troops are deployed in Mali , alongside 6,300 from an African-led force
CNN  -- With darkness as their only cover , Syrian families make a break for northern Jordan . They are fleeing for their lives . Small children walk alongside their mothers , whose arms are reserved for babies and whatever possessions they can carry . In a treacherous nighttime escape such as this one , you walk if you 're old enough . As the group makes its way over the border , just a few meters away from its homeland , the sounds of shelling can still be heard in the distance . The war weary continue on , climbing a hill . There are no lights to illuminate their rocky path . Still too close . Still too dangerous . According to Jordan 's Border Guard , which gave CNN exclusive access to the area , many fleeing families have been shot at in the past two weeks , and several people have been injured while trying to cross . Read more : Refugees continue to flood Jordan On this cold night , the number of wounded was far fewer . A member of the Border Guard met them and led them to safety , where they were ushered into a tent and given food . Some shivering children , wrapped in blankets , were too tired to eat . Their parents recounted harrowing experiences . "  My daughter is 2 months old , " one woman said . "  Do n't you think it was extremely difficult on this child to walk with her here in this cold ? " Another mother explained the journey they took : "  When we first got on the road , it was extremely scary . I mean , we saw death all around , " she said . One man , who arrived with his wife and five children , detailed the high price of this pilgrimage -- one he was all too willing to pay . "  All we were able to bring with us were the clothes on our backs and the clothes we were able to pack in this bag , " he said . "  Everything else is back in Syria , but the security situation there is terrible . We ca n't return . " The Syrian crisis : Where 's the U.S. aid going ? Most of those who made the journey on this night were women and children . Some had walked for hours , others for days , coming from cities as close as Daraa and as far as Aleppo . Many were too afraid to share their names or appear on camera , for fear of reprisal or that relatives back home would be targeted . Close by , in the back of a Jordanian ambulance , sat an 80-year-old woman who 'd been carried across the border . She hated leaving home but had no choice , recounting how several members of her family had been killed in just a few days ' time . "  The first day , they killed my nephew , " she said , her voice brimming with anger at a regime she despised . "  The second day , they killed my niece . Third day , my cousin . Fourth day , another cousin . Four days , and every day a killing . " Read more : Jordan election praised by observers The United Nations estimates that at least 60,000 people have died in 22 months of fighting between government forces and rebels seeking to depose President Bashar al-Assad . Now , Syrians are crossing into Jordan in record numbers , with at least 350,000 refugees having flowed into Jordan since the beginning of the Syrian conflict . At least 40,000 have arrived in Jordan this year alone , and half of that has been in the past week , Jordanian government officials say . Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh described the numbers as "  staggering . " "  This is obviously a reflection of the level of violence in southern Syria , and there will probably be more in the next few days , " he said last week . "  We are getting aid . We are getting aid from Arab countries , from Western countries , from international organizations . It is still not enough , given the numbers that are coming in . " Analysis : Jordan 's King Abdullah faces crisis Last week , the International Rescue Committee warned of a "  protracted humanitarian emergency " in Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Iraq , which have absorbed about 600,000 Syrian refugees since the conflict began . On Monday , Oxfam launched an $ 18.9 million emergency appeal to help up to 120,000 Syrians . "  In Jordan alone , there has been a threefold increase in the daily rate of people crossing from Syria in the last week , " said a statement from the aid agency , which added that "  extreme winter weather was compounding misery for refugees , with an increase in respiratory infections and pneumonia recorded in clinics in Lebanon and Jordan . " Jordan 's Border Guard told CNN the border will remain open but that the exodus from southern Syria has severely taxed resources . "  It takes a huge effort to mobilize this response right now , " said Brig. Gen. Hussein al-Zuyud , commander of the Border Guard . "  We 're in winter , and that makes it even more difficult . "  On the front lines , at the crossing points , there are times when we have to stay with the refugees for 48 hours , which requires logistical tools and supplies , heating supplies and blankets . And all this is an added burden on us . " From the border , the refugees are loaded onto buses that will take them to their new home : the Zaatari Camp outside Amman , which already houses around 80,000 of their fellow Syrians . Most of the families simply seemed happy for a respite . Having left war-ravaged homes and tattered belongings behind , they were ready for a new start , no matter how temporary . Even a tent would be better than the alternative . "  There 's nothing we were n't hit by , " said one woman , whose voice welled with emotion when describing the trauma of just trying to survive back in Syria . "  Rockets , barrel bombs , warplanes -- the shells were falling on us like rain . "	Women and children are among the refugees who walk across border to Jordan Families were shot at and people injured while trying to cross , Jordan Border Guard says Refugees walk for hours or days , carrying what they can , to escape civil war Jordan 's resources are taxed , and winter "  makes it even more difficult , " border official says
Beitunya , West Bank  CNN  -- Fakher Zayed is accustomed to trouble erupting on his doorstep . For the past several years , Palestinian protesters have often clashed with Israeli security forces in front of his house . The four-story building stands on the edge of the West Bank village of Beitunya , within sight of the Israeli separation barrier and Ofer prison . At first , the May 15 anniversary of the "  Nakba , " the exodus of more than 700,000 Palestinians after the 1948 Arab-Israeli war , looked like just another day of Israeli-Palestinian skirmishing . "  The Palestinians  were throwing stones , and the  Israeli  soldiers throw the tear gas . Plastic bullets , " Zayed said . "  They run away . After three or four minutes , they came back to throw stones again . " To protect his home , his family and his carpentry business , Zayed installed more than half a dozen security cameras around his building , which operate 24 hours a day . Last Thursday , these cameras captured the chilling shooting deaths of two Palestinian teenagers . According to six hours of raw , unedited video distributed by the children 's rights advocacy organization Defense for Children International and reviewed by CNN , the two boys -- ages 17 and 16 -- were shot on the same patch of asphalt on the same day , the second victim 73 minutes after the first . The families of the boys , as well as Zayed , blame the Israeli military for the killings . "  This is the first time they 're shooting to kill here , " Zayed said , speaking to CNN while standing on the exact spot outside his home where the two boys were filmed being shot . But an Israeli military spokesman say its forces fired no live rounds during hours of clashes on May 15 . "  During that demonstration that was extremely violent , the Israeli Defense Force used crowd-control methods and riot-dispersal means to prevent and control the overflow of the violence , " Lt. Col. Peter Lerner told CNN . "  The preliminary IDF inquiry indicates that no live fire was shot at all on Thursday during the riots in Beitunya , and we have to determine what caused this result , " Lerner added . Security camera footage CNN producer Kareem Khadder was filming the clashes in Beitunya on May 15 . Several dozen Palestinian youths used the wall of Zayed 's house as cover . Periodically , they jumped out to hurl stones at about a half-dozen Israeli soldiers and border police officers standing on a hilltop perhaps 100 meters away . The Israeli forces responded with volleys of tear gas while periodically firing rubber-coated bullets from their rifles . At one point , Khadder filmed a Palestinian teenager who appeared to be struck in the leg with one of these semi-lethal rounds . The boy hopped and limped for a few seconds in obvious pain but then turned around and rejoined the clashes . At 1:45 p.m. May 15 , Zayed 's security camera caught the moment when one of the stone-throwing boys was mortally wounded . Seventeen-year-old Nadeem Nouwarah was dressed in a sleeveless black t-shirt , wearing a black and white kefiyeh scarf to cover his face and carrying a backpack over both shoulders . As he walked toward the Israeli military positions in front of Zayed 's door , Nouwarah suddenly fell forward , landing briefly on his hands , before rolling over to lie on his back . Within seconds , a crowd of Palestinians gathered to lift Nouwarah and rush him to a waiting ambulance . According to a medical report , Nouwarah was pronounced dead in a hospital less than two hours later , having suffered a single bullet wound that entered his chest and passed out his back . Though Khadder did n't know it at the time , he was filming two Israeli security troops firing their rifles at the Palestinian protesters at the same exact moment when Nouwarah was shot . In the video , it is not clear what kind of rounds the Israelis were shooting or whether their gunfire hit Nouwarah . However , Khadder 's camera shows that less than 15 seconds after one of these gunshots , Palestinians were already racing to put the fatally wounded Nouwarah in the ambulance . Suffering the effects of tear gas , Khadder soon left the protest . He was unaware that Nouwarah 's wounds were fatal . At 2:58 p.m. , the security cameras filmed a second fatal shooting . Sixteen-year-old Mohammad Odeh Salameh was at the front lines of the protest , wearing a green Hamas flag as a cape as well as a green Hamas headband over his black mask . As he was walking away from the Israeli positions , he suddenly fell to the ground and struggled briefly to get up . The boy was shot just a few steps from where Nouwarah had been wounded . Doctors pronounced Salameh dead on arrival at the hospital , with a bullet wound that had pierced his back and exited his chest . School in mourning At St. George 's school in Ramallah , relatives and classmates of the first victim , Nouwarah , were in mourning this week . Students wore black t-shirts with photos of the smiling boy . The eleventh-grader was pictured wearing a backward baseball cap . "  There were 21 students in our grade , " said his 16-year-old classmate George Yousef . "  Now , we are 20 . " Nouwarah 's father , Siam , told CNN he had expressly instructed his eldest son not to attend the Nakba protests . "  Afterwards , I felt he was not convinced with what I told him , " said Siam , who works as a hairdresser in Ramallah . Nouwarah appeared to have gone to the anti-Israel protests directly from school on the afternoon of May 15 . His father showed CNN the bloody backpack his son was wearing when he was shot . There was a small hole in the bag , in roughly the same location where the bullet would have exited Nouwarah 's body . Siam Nouwarah then pulled a packet of bloodstained papers out of the bag . They were photocopies of a textbook that included the writings of Anton Chekhov , accompanied by a teenage student 's handwriting , doodles and class notes . "  We were surprised when we took the school backpack back from the hospital to find this bullet inside , " said the elder Nouwarah . He then pulled a small used bullet stored in a plastic bag out of the backpack . The metal slug appeared to be from a 556 NATO round , the standard ammunition used in M-16 rifles carried by Israeli security forces . It was impossible for CNN to confirm the authenticity of the bullet . Siam Nouwarah said he was saving it for a forensic examination . He accuses Israeli soldiers of killing his son . "  The entire world should understand and know that my son was wearing a school backpack and leaving school when he was assassinated in cold blood , " the grieving father said . Ballistics On Thursday , Lerner , the Israeli military spokesman , told CNN that a request had been put in with the Palestinian Authority to do a ballistic report on the bullet found in Nouwarah 's backpack . "  That round that was presented should n't have been in the bag , so it also raises a question , " he said . Lerner repeated the military 's assertion that Israeli security forces fired only rubber-coated bullets -- which are not designed to penetrate bodies -- in Beitunya on May 15 . Regarding the CNN video of the Israeli security forces firing rifles at the Palestinian demonstrators at the moment when Nouwarah was shot , Lerner said the weapons being used had an attachment at the end of the barrel for firing rubber-coated projectiles . Asked whether there could been some malfunction or mistake that would have led to the firing of a lethal round rather than a rubber-coated projectile , Lerner said , "  I 'm not aware of any malfunction at this time . " Meanwhile , the U.S. State Department has joined several human rights groups calling for an investigation into the deadly incident . "  I am deeply concerned about the circumstances surrounding the recent death of two Palestinian minors , " wrote Christopher Gunness , a spokesman for the United Nations in the West Bank . According to initial reports , Gunness added , both boys appeared "  unarmed and appeared to pose no direct threat . "	May 15 marks the "  Nakba " exodus of Palestinians after the 1948 Arab-Israeli war During protests in the West Bank this year , two Palestinian youths were shot dead Israel 's military says the protest was extremely violent but that "  no live fire was shot " But one of the dead teenager 's fathers alleges his son was "  assassinated in cold blood "
The names , which some liken to slurs , spread everywhere -- triggering anger in the United States as well as South Korea . Last week , KTVU , a TV station based in the San Francisco area , aired what it believed were the names of the Asiana Airlines Flight 214 pilots . A National Transportation Safety Board intern confirmed the bogus names -- phrases which sounded like "  Something Wrong " and "  We Too Low . " And hello , perfect storm . Or as one blogger put it -- "  an epic mind-blowing fail . " The crash of the South Korean carrier had already hit racial notes -- with jokes mocking Asian driving or piloting skills and questions whether the crash had to do with the Korean culture . U.S. comedian Bill Maher quipped on his show , "  Now that we know the cause of that Asiana Airlines crash was the pilots flying too slowly , I do n't want to hear another word about me doing Asian driver jokes . " His comment followed an array of similar jokes on social media . Phil Yu of the "  Angry Asian Man " blog , said he was bracing himself for jokes after the crash . "  It 's completely inappropriate especially because we 're talking about a tragedy . People died , people were seriously injured , " he said . The crash prompted speculation as to whether the Korean cultural deference to authority played a role in bringing the Boeing 777 down on the San Francisco runway on July 6 . This is a hypothesis made about Korean airlines long before the Asiana crash . A blogger at Ask a Korean sarcastically asked : "  What is it about American culture that contributed a local station with heavily Asian population to blindly buy the obviously false representation from the NTSB ? Is there an inherent deference to authority in American culture that contributed to this gaffe ? " The bogus names prompted the South Korean carrier to say it would take legal action against KTVU , because "  it was their report that resulted in damaging the company 's image . " Several legal and PR experts questioned the wisdom of the lawsuit -- which the airline later said it would not pursue , while others on CNN 's discussion board questioned whether the joke was even racist . "  Ah yes , the "  r " word : racism . And the "  o " word : offensive , " wrote one commenter . "  Get over it . A mildly clever person pulled a reasonably funny  if insensitive - to the victims of the crash  prank . " "  I honestly believe nobody has a sense of humor anymore , and when someone does , they have to apologize for it . Get over it . It was hilarious ! " another wrote . Asiana wo n't sue TV station Asian-American advocates say that creating vaguely Asian sounding names to crack jokes about a deadly plane accident that killed three Chinese girls is completely insensitive . "  Making up Asian names or mimicking foreign accents are not innocent forms of satire , " wrote Paul Cheung and Bobby Calvan , of the Asian American Journalists Association . "  Doing so demeans and hurts . " Racial jokes around the fatal air crash "  are not benign , " said Claire Jean Kim , an associate professor of political science and Asian American Studies at the University of California Irvine . "  Those kinds of jokes reflect a deeper view of Asian Americans as culturally different and inferior , " she said . "  That 's not a joke , that has material effects . It leads to a general sense , even those who are born here in the U.S. , they simply do n't belong . " Kim says denying that something is racist is a sign of the times . "  People are minimizing it as a joke , " she said . "  In this particular period , many people claim that racism is a thing of the past , we live in a colorblind society , we should brush these things off . " The mocking of Asian names dates back to when immigrants arrived to the United States , said Gary Okihiro , founding director of the Center for Study of Ethnicity and Race at Columbia University . "  In the 19th century , many immigration officials who first greeted Asian migrants demeaned them , by first of all , making fun of their names because they could n't pronounce them properly , or assigning them names like John Chinaman or China Mary , " he said . "  Anything foreign seems to be open season or free game , " Okihiro said . Passengers begin legal action against Boeing	Some question why KTVU 's fake pilot names were offensive Racial jokes have been made about deadly plane crash that killed 3 Advocates decry jokes about Asian driving , Korean culture theories and fake names
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As Chinese Communist Party chief Xi Jinping formally succeeds Hu Jintao as state president at the 12th National People 's Congress  NPC  in Beijing , it completes what has been a seemingly smooth transition of power in the world 's most populous nation . But who is he ? As with all Chinese leaders , details of the Xi 's life are tightly controlled , creating a gap that biographies -- some written under pseudonyms , given the political sensitivities -- have sought to fill . China watchers meanwhile try to discern how he would lead . "  Chinese leaders do n't rise to the top telegraphing what changes they 'll do , " said Bruce J. Dickson , a political science professor at George Washington University 's Elliott School of International Affairs . "  They rise to the top showing how loyal they are to the incumbent . What they 'll do when they rise to the top -- that 's the big question . " Xi was born in 1953 , four years after the Chinese Communist Party defeated the ruling Nationalists and established the People 's Republic of China . He is the son of the second marriage of Xi Zhongxun , a revolutionary hero whom then-paramount leader Mao Zedong would appoint minister of propaganda and education . Xi Zhongxun would later become vice premier under Zhou Enlai and secretary general of the State Council , China 's highest administrative body , before being purged in 1962 . Until then , Xi Jinping had grown up a "  princeling " with other children of China 's first generation of leaders in the enclave of power in Beijing known as Zhongnanhai . One childhood peer was Bo Xilai , son of Bo Yibo , the first finance minister who was also purged during the Cultural Revolution . Life was comfortable and far removed from the mass starvation during Mao 's disastrous "  Great Leap Forward " campaign  1958-1962  , which was designed to transform the nation into an industrial society . However , a few years later , Xi -- his father by then deposed -- would be among 30 million "  sent-down youth , " forced to leave cities for the countryside and mountains under another of Mao 's policies . From 1969-1975 , or most of the Cultural Revolution , Xi was an agricultural laborer in Liangjiahe , Shaanxi , his ancestral province . "  That generation went through a lot of difficulties , " said Cheng Li , director of research at the John L. Thornton Center at the Brookings Institution . "  Idealism and pragmatism in a very unique way combined in this generation . " The experience had a positive influence on Xi 's view of China and the world , according to Guo Yanjun , chairman of CNHK Media , the publisher of "  China 's Future : A Biography of Xi Jinping . " "  Even after he became a leader , he helped farmers , " Guo said . His favorite story was of the Tsinghua University-bound Xi in 1975 being accompanied by villagers who walked 60 li  30 km  to send him off at a train station . When Mao died in 1976 , Xi 's father was subsequently rehabilitated and became party secretary of Guangdong , where he oversaw China 's first special economic zones near Hong Kong -- reforms that would define then paramount leader Deng Xiaoping 's economic legacy . The elder Xi 's connections proved critical . After graduating from Tsinghua with a chemical engineering degree in 1979 , Xi Jinping became the personal secretary to his father 's former comrade-in-arms , Geng Biao , and became an active military service member . As vice premier , a member of the Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee and secretary general of the Central Military Commission , Geng "  dominated the Party , government and the army , " according to "  China 's Future , " affording Xi a rare vantage point . Such military ties -- familial and professional -- give him what neither Hu nor his predecessor Jiang Zemin had , said Chi Wang , president of the U.S.-China Policy Foundation . "  The military takes him as one of the family members . " It was around this period that Xi was married to his first wife , Ke Lingling , the daughter of Ke Hua , China 's ambassador to Great Britain and a former underling of Xi Zhongxun , according to "  China 's Future . " Not much is known about the marriage except that it ended in divorce within a few years . In 1987 , Xi would marry his current wife , Peng Liyuan , a popular folk singer for the People 's Liberation Army . Read how Xi is considered a "  mystery " In 1982 , when his father entered the ruling Politburo and the Secretariat , Xi became county deputy secretary in Zhengding , Hebei province , his first experience in rural politics . In this role , he took his first trip to the United States -- as part of an agricultural delegation in 1985 to Hebei 's "  sister state " of Iowa -- and brought back knowledge of farming technology as well as tourism . This trip had a great impact on Xi , who stayed with a family in Muscatine , said Pin Ho , chairman of Mirror Books , which recently published a separate "  Biography of Xi Jinping . " "  Vocally , he 's a nationalist . Psychologically , he greatly hopes to keep good relations with the West , especially the U.S. , " Ho said , noting that Xi 's daughter , Xi Mingze , studies there -- at Harvard -- under a pseudonym . In a major policy speech in Washington in February 2012 , Xi called for increasing strategic trust and reducing suspicions while respecting each other 's core interests , such as the "  One China policy " that opposes Taiwan and Tibetan independence . In an indirect reference to the Obama administration 's "  rebalancing " strategy toward Asia , Xi said , "  We hope the United States will respect the interests and concerns of China and other countries in the region . " Nonetheless , Xi got high marks for his desire to engage with the United States , and his trip included meetings with President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta . Also not overlooked was the fact Xi chose to make a nostalgic stop in Iowa , in addition to Los Angeles , during his five-day U.S. tour . "  From my conversations with people in the United States , the reigning understanding is , ` This is a guy we can work with , ' " said David Lampton , director of the China Studies Program at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies . Wang of the U.S.-China Policy Foundation echoed the sentiments , calling Xi "  relaxed , very at ease to talk with people " and a departure from Communist leaders who tend to be "  very cautious " when talking . Read about how U.S. , China are worlds apart but joined Meanwhile , "  Xi 's leadership experience -LSB- after Zhengding -RSB- in running Fujian , Zhejiang , and Shanghai , three economically-advanced regions , has prepared him well for pursuing policies to promote the development of the private sector , foreign investment and trade , and the liberalization of China 's financial system , " wrote Cheng Li of Brookings for the Washington Quarterly in its winter 2012 edition . The run-up to Xi 's ascension as China 's next leader has nonetheless been bumpy . In September , his nearly two-week "  disappearance " -- and canceled meetings with Clinton and other foreign officials -- fueled speculation over his health and factional infighting . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , former Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa said Xi had suffered a back injury while swimming . Even so , the Chinese media 's "  default mode " of not speaking about its leaders , coupled with the lack of a constitutional basis for the regime 's transfer of power , left people wondering , "  What 's the Plan B if something were to happen ? " Lampton said . Also of note were two reports released by Xinhua on September 28 within three minutes of each other : the Congress ' November 8 opening date -- after much speculation it would fall in October -- and the expulsion of Bo Xilai from the Communist Party . Bo now faces criminal prosecution in the wake of a scandal that saw his wife convicted of murder . The clean reputation of Xi -- who had become Shanghai 's leader after his predecessor , Chen Liangyu , was dismissed over a social security fund scandal -- took a hit last June when Bloomberg reported on the wealth of his extended family . Although no assets were traced to Xi , his wife or daughter , Bloomberg found that his extended family had business interests in minerals , real estate and mobile-phone equipment , with assets in the hundreds of millions . In October the New York Times gave a similar treatment to Premier Wen Jiabao , reporting on the staggering wealth of his relatives -- a review that found assets of at least $ 2.7 billion . Xi and the new leaders will have to demonstrate to the public how serious they are in fighting widespread corruption , Lampton said , or face "  huge problems . "	As with all Chinese leaders , government tightly controls details of Xi 's life Xi is the son of a revolutionary hero , grew up a "  princeling " Xi has military ties that predecessors Hu , Jiang do n't , one observer notes Xi received high marks during Washington trip for desire to engage United States
CNN  -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has won praise for his government 's effort to bring about a cease-fire between Israel and Hamas , a delicate balancing act for the country 's nation 's first freely elected leader . Egypt has been the go-between in many previous Israeli-Palestinian disputes . But while longtime Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak was hostile to Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement that rules Gaza , Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood is the group 's political cousin . And although Morsy leads a population with deep historical sympathy for the Palestinians , he has pledged to maintain Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel . "  He has clearly recognized Egypt 's national interest here , and hopefully this can succeed and take hold , " said George Mitchell , the former U.S. Senate majority leader and Obama administration Middle East envoy . The truce was announced Wednesday evening in Cairo after eight days of fighting , and it appeared to be holding in its early hours . Under Mubarak , the country 's security forces had suppressed its own Islamists in the Muslim Brotherhood , even jailing Morsy at one point . After eight days of violence and 150 deaths , a cease-fire That has given Morsy and his government influence with Hamas that Mubarak , a product of Egypt 's military establishment , never had , said Fawaz Gerges , a professor of international relations and Middle East analyst at the London School of Economics . "  Hamas listens to Mohamed Morsy , " Gerges told CNN as the talks were still going on . "  Hamas looks up to Egypt now , at this particular stage , and that is why Egypt has emerged as the most important state vis-a-vis Hamas and Gaza . " Egypt 's role in the talks was "  pivotal , " he said . Morsy has used his intelligence chief , Mohammed Shehata , to spearhead separate talks between Israel and Hamas . Shehata played a major role in the release of Gilad Shalit , the Israeli soldier held captive by Hamas for more than five years , and has good contacts with Israeli intelligence officials . Opinion : Real peace coming from this cease-fire ? Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN that the deal announced Wednesday "  offers a future where we can have peace and quiet in the south . That 's good for Israelis ; it 's also good for Gazans . " And the exiled political leader of Hamas , Khaled Meshaal , told reporters after the agreement that Egypt "  behaved responsibly . " "  Egypt did not sell out the resistance , " Meshaal said . Morsy took office at the end of June , nearly a year and a half after the revolt that toppled Mubarak . The U.S.-educated engineer quickly rattled Western nerves by announcing he would work to free Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman , now serving a life sentence in the United States in a conspiracy case related to the 1993 World Trade Center bombing ; and by attending the August summit of the Non-Aligned Movement , held in Iran , the first visit by an Egyptian leader since the Islamic revolution in 1979 . But he also took a swing at Iran 's ally Syria during that conference , calling the embattled government of President Bashar al-Assad "  an oppressive regime that has lost its legitimacy " and calling for support for opposition groups trying to overthrow him . Opinion : How this could be the last Gaza war When sniping across the border separating Gaza from Israel erupted into open warfare last week , Morsy put the blame squarely on Israel . Egypt recalled its ambassador to Israel . Morsy also called the Israeli bombardment of the territory "  a blatant aggression against humanity " and dispatched his prime minister , Hesham Kandil , to Gaza for talks with Palestinian officials , a step Mubarak would have been unlikely to take . That put Egypt at odds with the United States , which contributes about $ 1.3 billion in military and economic aid to Cairo every year . U.S. and several European leaders have put most of the blame for the current crisis on Hamas , saying Israel has a right to protect itself from rockets fired by Palestinian militants . Egypt needs Western support to help revive its economy , which went into a tailspin when the uprising against Mubarak broke out in January 2011 . And its 1979 Camp David accords with Israel remain the cornerstone of what peace has been achieved in the turbulent region . Obama 's telephone diplomacy Morsy faces pressure from the Egyptian public to take a tougher line against Israel . An April 2011 poll by the Pew Global Research Project found that 54 % of Egyptians want to abandon the Egypt-Israel peace treaty , while 36 % want to keep it in place . When the latest fighting erupted between Hamas and Israel , Egyptian Cabinet chief Mohamed Refa'a al-Tahtawi said Egypt would continue to observe that pact . But he added , "  Respecting a peace treaty does not mean to stay idle or indifferent to what is going on along our borders . " The Egyptian government this week allowed some victims of the fighting in Gaza to enter through the Rafah crossing into Egypt , as well as the elderly and children . Though the Rafah crossing still has restricted access , a policy continued from Mubarak 's rule , that access has been tightened or loosened since Morsy took office , depending on the local security conditions . This week , the Egyptian government allowed more than 500 Egyptians to cross into Gaza in a show of solidarity with the Palestinians , waving Palestinian flags and chanting , "  Israel is the enemy . " Rami Shaath , who helped organize the effort , told CNN , "  We just broke the siege . " Violence flares in Cairo But that border is also a sign of a deteriorating security situation within Egypt , where much of Mubarak 's feared apparatus has been dismantled since his ouster . More than 500 top officers of Mubarak 's State Security Investigations have retired or been sacked , and militant groups have found space in places such as the sparsely populated Sinai Peninsula , where they have received shipments of weapons from Libya and elsewhere . In one attack on a military outpost in Sinai in July , militant Islamists killed 16 Egyptian soldiers . Morsy 's government responded with a campaign aimed at driving them out of the region , accompanied by the firing of the region 's governor , military police chief and intelligence director . Always an undergoverned area with scant respect for the state , Sinai is dominated by Bedouin tribes who are also accomplished smugglers . Nevertheless , Mitchell said Morsy 's government "  has invested a lot of effort and in a sense prestige in this . So I think they will be trying very hard to make certain this that this cease-fire does hold , at least for a sufficient period of time so that the parties can discuss the broader issues . " "  I think it will only redound to his benefit , both domestically and around the world , " Mitchell added . "  But in the end , his success or failure will rest upon how well the people of Egypt feel their interests have been met in terms of the need for jobs , for education -- the same things that people want everywhere in the world . " CNN 's Matt Smith and Tim Lister in Atlanta and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy in Cairo contributed to this report .	NEW : Mohamed Morsy "  clearly recognized Egypt 's national interest , " George Mitchell says NEW : Egypt "  behaved responsibly " in talks , Hamas leader says Brokering the cease-fire was a delicate balancing act for Egypt 's recently elected leader "  Hamas listens to Mohamed Morsy , " one analyst says
Washington  CNN  -- You 've got to hand it to Chris Christie -- he knows how to play the game . Last week , citing potential cost overruns in the billions , the New Jersey governor stunned the political establishment by pulling the plug on the largest public transit project in the country . The sorely needed ARC  Access to the Region 's Core  tunnel would create a second train tunnel beneath the Hudson River , thus doubling passenger capacity from the most densely populated state into Manhattan . In addition , the tunnel would create an estimated 6,000 construction-related jobs while also preparing the New York metro region for sustained growth in the 21st century . It would cut road congestion , reduce emissions , increase productivity and ease the strain on the only working train tunnel from New Jersey into New York , built more than a 100 years ago . This is the type of mass transit project that many in Western Europe , China and other places build routinely . It is also a vivid example of how we are falling behind in the world .  Side note : I cringe when writing sentences like that . Remember when America used to lead ? As President Obama noted Monday , our infrastructure is woefully outdated and inefficient , and the longer we allow it to erode , the deeper our competitive edge erodes . The country needs this project and the economic ripple effect that comes with it more than Chris Christie does . Christie knows it and so does the Obama administration , which is why Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood was in New Jersey meeting with the governor face-to-face 24 hours after Christie 's announcement . During the meeting , LaHood , an immensely respected and low-key , get-it-done type of politician , was looking for an opening to salvage the deal . During the meeting , according to reporters Josh Margolin and Ted Sherman , Christie signaled that he would be willing to look at options if the numbers worked . With that , LaHood and Christie agreed to spend the next two weeks discussing proposed ways to save the project and , in Christie 's view , limit risks to his state 's taxpayers , currently on the hook for a third of the $ 9 billion project , plus any cost overruns .  The tunnel was originally slated to cost roughly $ 5.7 billion , but that number has soared in recent years . Christie , reminded of Boston 's Big Dig , which ended up being four times the cost of original estimates , believes the final cost of the new tunnel will be much higher than federal officials and others suggest . And that 's the problem as Christie sees it . Even though the State of New York and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey have committed to pay $ 3 billion each , New Jersey , like most states , does not have the capacity to absorb possibly hundreds of millions of dollars in cost overruns . Even though these overruns would occur when the economy has presumably rebounded , New Jersey is grappling with several other pressing budgetary needs . Among them : -- A $ 46 billion unfunded pension liability for retired state employees . -- A decades-old court order to spend hundreds of millions in poor school districts . -- A nearly depleted Transportation Trust Fund , which repairs and maintains the state 's roads , tunnels , and bridges and pays for the new ones . Faced with these realities , Christie seems to be betting the Obama administration wo n't let the project die , and he may be right . Indeed , if this is his goal , it 's a shrewd , calculating political move . He will need a clear , definable win to pull this off with hard numbers that save money for New Jersey taxpayers . In Republican circles , the former U.S. attorney is currently a darling . Christie has spent the past month raising hundreds of thousands of dollars for fellow Republicans in tight races . He 's visited more than a dozen states across the country , including Iowa . And as political columnist Chris Cillizza often opines , no politician ever just goes to Iowa , which has the first-in-the-nation presidential caucuses every four years . Although he has publicly denied it , Christie clearly has his eyes on a higher plain . His recent mishandling of New Jersey 's Race to the Top application , in which the state narrowly lost a coveted $ 400 million federal grant for education investments , complicates that somewhat . Still , this gamble with the ARC tunnel may increase his standing among New Jersey 's electorate . If Christie is smart , he 'll work out a new deal with LaHood , a fellow moderate Republican . LaHood is well-known for brokering deals with lawmakers who have opposing views . If LaHood 's record is any indication , next week he will present the governor with a reasonable plan that salvages the project and charts a responsible course forward . Christie should get what he can from LaHood and chalk up the win for New Jersey taxpayers , who according to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation , get back 61 cents for every dollar they pay in federal taxes . No other state fares worse . Christie is playing hardball , no doubt about it . And while I may disagree with his approach , I 'm not one to begrudge him or any governor for trying to save money for his state 's taxpayers . The risk here is that Christie gets too greedy and sinks a worthy project with enormous benefits . The freshman governor is making a calculated gamble , and for the sake of thousands of unemployed construction workers , their families and others benefiting from the project , I hope he does n't overplay his hand . As Kenny Rogers once told us , "  Every gambler knows that the secret to survivin ' is knowin ' what to throw away and knowin ' what to keep . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Coley .	Nation 's largest public transit project canceled last week by Gov. Chris Christie Project would create thousands of jobs and fill needed gap in transit system , says Anthony Coley He says Christie said he 's willing to consider alternate ways of financing tunnel Coley says Christie is right to protect taxpayers but should work out a compromise
CNN  -- Raised steins , raised bosoms , leather-clad Bavarian thighs . Oktoberfest 's sure got a beer tent full of clichés about it . But bet you do n't know why "  Gemütlichkeit " is untranslatable  let alone unpronounceable  , what false teeth were doing in the lost property bin last year and whether the yodeling or oompah tent would best suit your personality . Read on , Lieblings . Bavaria 's biggest beer love-in kicks off in Munich on Saturday , September 21 , and runs through October 6 . 1 . Gird your bosom , hitch those hosen Worried that squeezing into a bosom-lifting dirndl or a pair of skin-tight lederhosen will make you look ridiculous ? Do n't worry : it will , but considering almost everyone will also resemble an extra in a B-grade medieval romp , you 'll fit right in . To put it another way , when in Bavaria , do as the Bavarians do -- and they 're pretty proud of their huntsman-and-strapping-maid heritage . Rent a costume if you do n't fancy splashing out on your own outfit . Although -- used lederhosen ? 2 . Learn to belt out "  Ein Prosit der Gemütlichkeit " Fitting in at Oktoberfest is all about getting the balance right . Leather shorts and flouncy dresses : good . Beer stein hats : bad . Also good : singing . Not anything , though  unless it 's really late  . Bavarian bonding is about sing-alongs , and one such tune you 'll hear time and again at the festival is "  Ein Prosit der Gemütlichkeit . " It 's tricky to translate because "  Gemütlichkeit " is supposed to mean some fusion of "  happiness " and "  belonging " that Anglo-Saxons are too uptight to understand . So try mumbling , "  Cheers to something-Anglo-Saxons-are-too-uptight-to-understand " and then the important bit -- clink glasses . 3 . Find table ; do n't visit rest room You 're thinking : Oh , Bavarians sound really jolly . Not at all the punctuality freaks of German stereotype . Well , kind of , but this country did n't set the standard for luxury precision automobiles without thinking ahead . Which means that Germans book tables months in advance in the most popular Oktoberfest tents  see below for a tent-by-personality guide  . Without a reservation you 'll spend hours queuing and , even if you eventually get a seat , will lose it as soon as you pop to the toilet . 4 . Sit on that Viking helmet Of the thousands of items ending up in lost property each year at Oktoberfests past , some have been obvious : Viking helmets ,  ahem  wedding rings , French horns . Others were less obvious : false teeth ,  live  grasshoppers . Lesson : do n't bring anything precious to Oktoberfest , especially not your dignity . 5 . Drink like a European You know those patronizing stories about how Continentals -- unlike Yanks , Brits and Aussies -- do n't get drunk but sit around sipping Gewürztraminer in sidewalk cafes , quoting Proust ? They 're not all lies ! That said , Germans do have a word for a paralytic person -- a Bierleiche , meaning beer corpse . Do n't be one . Surviving 12 hours of solid drinking is a marathon , not a sprint , so make each liter Mass  those jug-like glasses  last . At up to 8 % , this wheat beer is strong stuff . For the record , a Mass costs around $ 9.80  $ 13  in 2013 . Tip well if you expect to be served again . 6 . Choose your tent There are 14 tents in all at Oktoberfest and the one you choose says a lot about you . "  Tent , " though , requires some clarification -- this is n't boy scout-related . Schottenhamel and Hofbräu-Festzelt tents each have a mammoth 10,000 seats  around six million people will attend the festival in total  , filled with a generally youngish , oompah-singing , rollicking international crowd . Champagne-drinking celebrities hang out in the Hippodrom or Käfer 's Wies ` n-Schänke tent . Arguably the best beer is served in the traditional , family-friendly Augustiner  where people are likely still to be noticing such things  , though the roaring lion at the Löwenbräu would have something to say about that . Would-be shepherds drink under a painted sky at Hacker-Pschorr , dubbed the Himmel der Bayern  "  Bavarian heaven "  , while Bräurosl has a resident yodeler . 7 . Do your Wurst Luckily , Oktoberfest food -- make that German food , in general -- seems designed to protect the stomach , and reputation , against excessive wheat beer consumption . A meal of Wurst in various guises -- pork knuckles with sauerkraut , goulash and dumplings and pretzels as big as your head with Obatzda , a Camembert-paprika dip -- is ideal preparation for a more or less civilized session at the stein table . Saueres Lüngerl -- sour calf-lung dumplings -- is another Bavarian speciality , yet one that risks having the opposite effect from that intended . The restaurants page on Muenchen.de has a selection of traditional Bavarian restaurants in Munich . 8 . Wear your dirndl bow right Mead ! Banquets ! Maidens ! Debauchery ... ... er , no . Bavarians might let their braces down at Oktoberfest but while flirting is fine , even expected , it stops at a very firm line . You can call a lady fesch  pretty  , but do n't imagine you 're in the aforementioned B-grade medieval romp and start praising her Gaudinockerln  lit . lovely dumplings -- no need to spell it out  . Ladies , be aware of the signals your dirndl bow is sending out : to the right means attached , to the left , single , in the center -- not recommended and somehow unlikely to be true -- a virgin . 9 . Play the proper tourist Believe it or not , there 's more to Oktoberfest than beer-guzzling , thigh-slapping revelry . You can see its more traditional side at Saturday 's opening Festzug , where a thousand tent owners and brewers parade through Munich 's streets with horse-drawn , flower-bedecked drays laden with barrels . It 's also kitsch heaven , with Oktoberfest-themed steins , fridge magnets and snow globes on sale , plus the chance to get a last-minute embroidered dirndl or lederhosen  used or unused  . Visit Oktoberfest.de to plan your own Oktoberfest adventure .	Do n't worry about looking ridiculous in lederhosen : everyone does Be prepared to sing along in voluble if not terribly accurate German Choose your "  personality tent " Discover which way a virgin wears her dirndl bow
CNN  -- Two-time defending Fed Cup champions Italy battled back to level at 1-1 against Australia in Saturday 's first-round tie in the women 's tennis teams competition , while 2010 runners-up the United States went 2-0 behind against Belgium . In the two other World Group ties to be completed this weekend , France took at 2-0 lead over four-time champions Russia while the Czech Republic gained a 2-0 advantage over 2002 winners Slovakia , with two more singles and one doubles match left to play . There will be everything to play for at Hobart 's Domain tennis center on Sunday , after wins for Australia 's Jarmila Groth and Italy 's Flavia Pennetta in the opening singles matches left the first-round tie finely poised . World number 31 Groth got the home side off to a good start in the Tasmanian city , fighting her way to an impressive 6-7  4-7  6-3 6-3 victory over reigning French Open champion Francesca Schiavone . "  It is my first Fed Cup singles and it is very important and exciting , and I beat someone who is No. 4 in the world , " Groth , winner of the WTA tournament held in Hobart in January , told the official Fed Cup website . "  It is one of the great wins for me and I am happy and excited . " But French Open runner-up and world number five Sam Stosur could not repeat Groth 's success , with Pennetta winning the equally-close encounter 6-7  5-7  7-6  7-5  6-3 -- the first time an Italian has beaten an Australian in the nations ' sixth meeting in the competition . "  We both fought hard and wanted to win the point for our teams . She had a few chances in the first and second sets but I was playing well , " Pennetta said . "  This match was decided by one or two points and it was a really good match . I think the crowd enjoyed it . " Stosur and Schiavone will now face each other in a repeat of their Roland Garros final on Sunday , as the two nations target a place in April 's semifinals . The U.S. team , defeated by the Italians in the last two Fed Cup finals , made a disappointing start to their 2011 campaign after Belgium 's pairing of Kim Clijsters and Yanina Wickmayer proved too strong for Melanie Oudin and Bethanie Mattek-Sands . Newly-crowned Australian Open champion Clijsters and world number 31 Wickmayer have put Belgium just one win away from a place in the last four . Wickmayer delighted the home crowd in Antwerp with a 6-1 7-6  8-6  win over the flamboyant Mattek-Sands , before Clijsters -- showing no signs of fatigue following her win in Melbourne -- dispatched Oudin 6-0 6-4 . "  It was fun to be out here playing again , " said the world number two , who will seal victory for her country if she beats Mattek-Sands in Sunday 's first singles match . "  Obviously it 's nice to come here and play here after a win because the people have been so supportive . I 've kept them up during the night with the time change with Australia and it 's nice to be back here . " The Czech Republic look likely to be Belgium 's opponents in the semifinals after dominating against eastern European neighbors Slovakia . World number 30 Lucie Safarova opened proceedings in the Slovak capital Bratislava with a 6-1 7-5 win over former top-10 player Daniela Hantuchova . In-form Australian Open quarterfinalist Petra Kvitova , ranked a career-high 18 in the world , then disposed of Dominika Cibulkova 6-2 6-3 . "  I made a great start , " said Kvitova , who faces Hantuchova in Sunday 's first reverse singles . "  Yesterday Lucie and I were joking about 2-0 , and we are very happy about it -- but we did n't really expect it . " France could be next up for the winners of the battle between Australia and Italy after stunning a strong Russia line-up at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow . Alize Cornet , the world number 67 , did not let an ankle injury affect her in a 3-6 6-3 6-4 win over double grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova . Former world number one Maria Sharapova , still struggling to get back to the top of the game after a string of injury problems , was then dismantled 6-4 6-3 by 83rd-ranked Virginie Razzano . Should Kuznetsova and Sharapova fare better in Sunday 's reverse singles matches , the result of the tie could come down to a doubles match set to feature another struggling former world number one , Dinara Safina .	Italy level at 1-1 with Australia after opening day of 2011 Fed Cup competition Belgium go 2-0 up against 2010 runners-up the U.S. after Saturday 's singles matches France lead Russia 2-0 , Czech Republic have 2-0 advantage over Slovakia The two remaining singles and one doubles matches in each tie will be played on Sunday
Authorities have arrested three women who have been secretly recruiting members for the female wing of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram , Nigeria 's Defense Ministry said Friday . "  The arrested trio suspects were luring ladies , especially widows and young girls , by enticing them with male suitors who are mainly members of their terror group , for marriage , " said Col. Onyema Nwachukwu , director of defense information . "  Before their arrest , they were on a mission to take additional briefing from the leadership of the terror group , " said Nwachukwu . The suspects , identified as Hafsat Usman Bako , Zainab Idris and Aisha Abubakar , were arrested while traveling to the town of Madagali . Officials say one of the women , Hafsat Bako , was married to a member of the terrorist group who was killed by the military . "  Hafsat continued with the terror group , specializing in surreptitious recruitment of members into their fold , " said the ministry . The arrests were made after a recent suicide bombing attempt on a military facility in the state of Gombe , carried out by a female suspect who blew herself up . Boko Haram has been terrorizing Nigeria 's Borno state in recent years and thousands have fled the violence . In April , the terrorist group abducted more than 200 schoolgirls in Chibok . The girls are still missing . Where are Nigeria 's missing girls ? On the hunt for Boko Haram Boko Haram : A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge What to know about Boko Haram	Women were recruiting for militant group , government says This effort involved finding women for marriage Boko Haram blamed for recurring violence in Nigeria
CNN  -- Egyptian presidential candidate Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh was carjacked and beaten late Thursday as he was returning from a conference , his campaign manager said . Aboul Fotouh was being driven on a highway when a car carrying masked gunmen intercepted him , said Ali Behnasawy , the campaign manager . The suspects pulled the driver out of the car and beat him with their guns . Aboul Fotouh tried to intervene and he was also beaten , Behnasawy said . The gunmen then stole the car and fled . Aboul Fotouh was taken to a hospital and was in an intensive care unit because of a head injury , the campaign manager said . Aboul Fotouh , a former member of the Muslim Brotherhood , announced his candidacy last year in the presidential election scheduled for June .	Masked gunmen beat Aboul Fotouh and his driver The presidential candidate was taken to a hospiital
CNN  -- A Greyhound bus accident along Interstate 80 in central Pennsylvania early Wednesday killed one person and injured more than 40 , officials said . The incident happened in Union County south of Williamsport around 1:30 a.m. , state police Trooper Matthew Burrows said . Five hospitals reported receiving a total of more than 40 patients from the accident . At least four of them were listed in critical condition Wednesday morning . The bus was traveling non-stop from New York to Ohio , carrying 49 passengers , a Greyhound spokesman said . The nature and cause of the incident were n't immediately clear ; state police and a Greyhound spokesman told CNN only that it was under investigation . Westbound I-80 near the Williamsport exit was expected to remain closed until noon , Burrows said .	A Greyhound bus is involved in an accident on Interstate 80 in central Pennsylvania One person died , and at least four of the 40-plus people injured were in critical condition The nature and cause of the incident were n't immediately clear
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Al Qaeda in Iraq is trying to foment sectarian tensions by attacking and killing Iraqi civilians , a government spokesman said Monday . Iraqi women gather near the site of an attack in the village of al-Khazna , near Mosul , on Monday . Explosions across the country have killed 50 and wounded 231 others , most of them civilians in Shiite areas , according to Interior Ministry spokesman Brig. Gen. Abdul Karim Khalaf . "  Most of the terrorist attacks carried out by al Qaeda in Iraq were against civilians and not Iraqi security forces , " Khalaf said . "  This is an indication that al Qaeda in Iraq can not face the Iraqi security forces . " Monday 's deadliest attack happened near the northern city of Mosul when two truck bombs destroyed 32 homes , killing 30 people and burying others in the rubble , officials said . The bombs targeted al-Khazna village , which is inhabited by a Shiite Shabak ethnic group . The village is an area disputed between Kurds and Arabs . Car bombings and a roadside bomb in Baghdad killed 18 others on Monday , most of them Shiites . "  This is the card that al Qaeda in Iraq is now playing by targeting mostly Shiite areas and neighborhoods to agitate the sectarian violence , " Khalaf said . "  But this will not happen because Iraqi security forces and Iraqi people in general are aware of this losing game and they will not fall into this trap . " On Monday afternoon , two children -- brothers aged 5 and 9 -- were killed when a roadside bomb detonated near them as they played in a yard in northern Tikrit , about 99 miles  160 km  north of Baghdad , a police official said . The attacks come after a series of bombings in Iraq on Friday , mostly aimed at Shiite targets , which killed 50 and wounded 154 others . Friday 's deadliest attack happened when a suicide car bomb exploded near a Shiite mosque where a funeral was taking place , killing 38 . Last week 's attacks occurred at the end of a Shiite Muslim celebration marking the birthday of Imam Mohammed al-Mehdi , the last of 12 historic imams revered by Shiites . Pilgrims participating in such celebrations have been the target of similar attacks by Sunnis . The bombings sparked fears of sectarian violence and called into question the ability of Iraqi forces . The United States pulled back its combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns on June 30 , leaving security responsibilities to the Iraqis and remaining only in a training and advisory capacity . The U.S. military continues to conduct combat operations in areas outside cities and towns . Khalaf said the recent attacks are part of "  an escalation of violence " over the past two months ahead of national elections in January . "  The enemy of Iraq wants to bring down political progress in the country , " he said .	Dozens dead , 231 wounded , houses destroyed from bombings Series of bombings appears to target mostly day laborers Most of attacks scattered across Baghdad ; two truck bombs reported in Mosul Attacks fuel fears sectarian violence could re-ignite in Iraq
CNN  -- Red Bull Formula One driver Mark Webber has revealed in his newly-published autobiography that he drove the final four races of last season with a broken shoulder . The Australian , who was in contention to win his first world championship right up to the final race in Abu Dhabi , sustained the fracture in a mountain bike accident prior to the Japanese Grand Prix in Suzuka in early October . And despite needing pain-killing injections ahead of the Japanese and Korean Grands Prix , Webber decided to keep the injury secret from Red Bull principal Christian Horner . In the book , entitled ` Webber up front ' , the 34-year-old wrote : "  I was riding with a great friend of mine . Suddenly , he crashed right in front of me and I had nowhere to go but straight through the handlebars . "  I suffered what they call a skier 's fracture to my right shoulder , " he added . Webber , who went on to finish second behind teammate and eventual world champion Sebastian Vettel in Japan , continued : "  Suzuka is a brutal track so it was a blessing that the Japanese weather gave me an enforced rest day on the Saturday when qualifying was rained off . "  A pre-race cortisone injection helped me too and , in the end , we got through the weekend all right , " he added . Although Webber has not blamed the shoulder injury for failing to lift the world title , his fortunes faded over the final three races . He failed to finish in Korea and his second place in Brazil meant he went into the final race in Abu Dhabi behind Fernando Alonso in the title chase .	Mark Webber reveals he drove the final four races of last season with a broken shoulder The Australian makes the revelations in a newly-published autobiography Webber also had pain-killing injections ahead of the Japanese and Korean GPs
EW.com  -- Geek goddess Sonya Walger is coming back to TV : The "  Lost " and "  FlashForward " star has landed a series regular role in USA 's upcoming "  Common Law . " In the buddy cop drama , Warren Kole and Michael Ealy play homicide detectives whose constant quarreling gets them sent to couples therapy . Their shrink ? Walger , who will co-star as Dr. Emma Ryan , a smart , attractive psychiatrist with a keen sense of humor . She graduated at the top of her class and started a practice in Beverly Hills but started to feel like a pill dispenser to her rich clientele . White powder found in letter addressed to ` Dancing With the Stars ' To fill the void , Dr. Ryan started offering low-cost Alcoholics Anonymous and couples ' group therapy at the local community center where she applies her strong insight into the relationship between these two police partners . Walger famously played Penny on "  Lost " and has also been in "  In Treatment " and "  Tell Me You Love Me . " ` Revenge ' : Emily VanCamp and Madeline Stowe tease ` Hitchcockian ' vibe of upcoming episodes "  Common Law " starts production from CBS TV Studios in New Orleans next month for a 2012 premiere on USA . Led by "  White Collar " and "  Covert Affairs , " the network just had its most-watched third quarter in the network 's history -- averaging 3.5 million viewers and easily ranking as the most-watched cable network . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sonya Walger is coming back to TV in USA 's upcoming "  Common Law " In the buddy cop drama , Warren Kole and Michael Ealy play homicide detectives Walger played Penny on "  Lost " and has been in "  In Treatment " and "  Tell Me You Love Me "
Every gang needs a leader . And what has become undeniably clear in recent days is that the de facto leader of the Gang of Eight is Marco Rubio . The Florida lawmaker , and potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate , appeared on seven Sunday talk shows , discussing -- in English and Spanish -- the specifics of a comprehensive immigration reform bill that he hammered out with three other Senate Republicans and four Senate Democrats . The legislation is expected to be formally unveiled on Tuesday . This means that , by Wednesday , just about everyone will be angry . Conservatives will declare the provisions of the bill too lenient , while Hispanics will condemn them as too punitive . Welcome to the immigration debate . That Rubio is at center stage in all this is no surprise . He was always going to figure prominently in efforts to revamp the country 's archaic immigration system . This is n't because of what you hear from the Washington press corps , which is constantly showcasing how little it knows about the immigration debate . Rubio casts a long shadow on this issue not because he is a conduit between the Republican Party establishment and the tea party . Rubio 's relationship with that band of activists went on the rocks last year when he warned Republicans that their rhetoric on immigration was too harsh , commended the Obama administration for giving undocumented youth "  deferred action " to prevent deportation and declared his support for giving undocumented immigrants a pathway to citizenship once the border is secure . The real reason that Rubio matters is because he could well be a bridge between the Republican Party and those Hispanic voters that the GOP has done such a masterful job of angering and alienating . A new poll by Telemundo/NBC News/WSJ finds that while Rubio is not as popular as Democrats like President Barack Obama or former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , he is more popular than a lot of other Republicans -- 23 percent of Hispanics viewed Rubio favorably and only 12 percent unfavorably . More importantly , he has a large reservoir of undecided voters who he might still win over . The stakes are high for the 41-year-old freshman senator . By becoming the public face of immigration reform in the Senate , an initiative that includes not just enhanced border security but also that all-important pathway to citizenship for the undocumented , Rubio could make himself more popular with Hispanic voters . Or , if enough Hispanics decide that they do n't like the details of the final product and consider it to be just as harsh as some of that GOP rhetoric that Rubio has complained about , well , then the whole effort could backfire and wind up making the schism between Hispanics and Republicans even wider than it is now . That second scenario seems more likely now that Cesar Conda , Rubio 's very capable and well-regarded chief of staff , has taken to Twitter to leak details of what 's actually in the bill . What Conda tweeted was a series of conditions and prohibitions that make it clear that -- despite the hysterical rants you hear on right-wing talk radio -- what the Gang of Eight is getting ready to propose is no "  amnesty , " no cakewalk and no giveaway . Conda wrote : "  If enacted , Senate #immigrationreform  bill  will be the toughest enforcement and border security law in American history . " And this : "  Multiple enforcement and security triggers prior to any legalization and prior to any green card process . " And this : "  No access to welfare , and tough new eligibility standards to prevent legalization for those likely to require welfare in the future . " And this : "  Senate #immigrationreform freezes illegal population . No special pathway . No amnesty . " And this : "  No ability to earn citizenship for at least 13 years after bill is enacted , AND border security and interior enforcement is in place . " You get the idea . Senators are n't opening the floodgates . They 're dropping the hammer . It 's also been reported that legal status and eventual citizenship will only be made available to those who arrived in the United States before December 31 , 2011 . More recent arrivals would be subject to deportation . It all sounds reasonable . It 's not exactly the kid-glove treatment , but it does stand to make better the lives of millions of people . Yet some Hispanics on the left are upset . They are n't satisfied . One dependably liberal radio talk show host posted on his Facebook page that -- judging just by what Conda had leaked -- what 's coming is a "  crappy " bill . It makes you wonder what people like this expect from immigration reform -- a benevolent stew of forgiveness and freebies , or an instant makeover from "  illegal immigrant " to "  U.S. citizen " with no strings attached ? That is pie in the sky . Keep dreaming . That will never happen , and not just because it would be opposed by Republicans but many Democrats as well . And if this delicate negotiation falls through because reformers made the perfect the enemy of the good , what 's behind Door No. 2 ? Answer : The status quo . An administration that uses local police officers to round up illegal immigrants through the dreadful program Secure Communities , where local police submit to federal authorities the fingerprints of anyone they arrest . An administration which will , by the end of 2013 , have deported 2 million illegal immigrants -- more than any other in history . Homes are raided . Families are divided . Grandmothers are handcuffed . Children are hauled before immigration judges . A little perspective please . Of course , neither side is going to be 100 % happy with any workable compromise . Solutions are hard to come by . But we ca n't set the bar too high . Because what the government is doing now only creates more problems . Marco Rubio seems to have figured that out . A lot of immigration reformers need to catch up .	Ruben Navarrette : Marco Rubio is the leader of "  Gang of Eight " on immigration He says Rubio could be a bridge between GOP and Hispanic voters Rubio 's support for tough rules on path to citizenship is likely to be popular , he says Navarrette : Liberals who say bill is too harsh do n't realize that looser rules would n't pass
CNN  -- For days , the wounded just kept coming to the 60-bed central hospital in Misrata , a city under siege from forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . But there were no empty beds , no electricity -- only generator power . No anesthesia or painkillers . A doctor said 109 people have died in Misrata over the past week . Six were killed Thursday by Gadhafi 's rooftop snipers -- unseen but too often precise . More than 1,300 others have been wounded since the protests erupted in the western city last month . People flooded the hospital , wounded in war that has raged between the opposition and Gadhafi 's forces . The strongman 's tanks have been pounding the city and bombs fell Thursday near the hospital , the doctor said . Residents reported a reprieve after coalition airstrikes targeted the Libyan military . But rooftop snipers kept taking aim . And the doctors kept doing their work . They treated patients in corridors , and operated on them even without anesthesia . They sent people with what the doctor called lesser injuries home to recuperate -- including people whose legs and arms were amputated . "  We do n't have the space , " he said , the weariness in his voice apparent even on a poor phone connection from Libya . Snipers surrounded the hospital , he said . Thursday , patients were to a clinic . But the injured in the city could no longer seek help at the hospital . The snipers were shooting at the ambulances . The coalition began airstrikes last Saturday and has been able to establish a no-fly zone that spans from east to west along Libya 's coastline . But Gadhafi 's forces are far from defeated . They camped on the periphery of Misrata , trying to wrest it from opposition control , and leaving its people , including those at the central hospital , in a dire situation .	A doctor tells CNN that 109 people were killed in Misrata over the past week More than 1,300 people have been wounded The hospital only has 60 beds and doctors are operating in corridors
CNN  -- South Africa will host the FIFA World Cup in June and July , and Cape Town 's gleaming new Green Point Stadium is one of the two semifinal venues for the quadrennial soccer championship . Cape Town sits at sea level at the foot of Table Mountain on the Cape of Good Hope . Its most significant historical landmark may be the notorious Robben Island prison . Kim Norgaard , CNN 's bureau chief in Johannesburg spent the early part of his life in Cape Town before moving overseas . "  I try to get back to the ` Mother City ' as often as I can , " Norgaard said . Where can you get the best view of the city ? Cape Town is blessed with amazing views -- you can either see the ocean , the iconic mountain or what is called the City Bowl from most areas . Just take your pick depending on the weather and wind . The most stunning is always from the top of Table Mountain on a clear day or atop Signal Hill looking down at the City Bowl . From both spots you can see Nelson Mandela 's prison , Robben Island , and get a real sense of being at the tip of Africa . Further south and you are in Antarctica . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Cape Town is Africa 's gourmet hotspot as the best vineyards this country offers are within an hour 's drive . Staying in Cape Town , my favorite special occasion restaurant is La Colombe at the Constantia Uitsig winery . There is also a more casual River Café at the winery ideal for a lazy lunch and wine sampling . If in the wine country , my personal favorite is Le Quartier Francais in Franschhoek . This restaurant continues to receive awards as one of the best in the world . For a more relaxed dinner or lunch , try Wakame in Mouille Point . Just sit and watch the sun set over the Atlantic while enjoying local seafood and white wine . Does n't get better than this . Where is the best place to people watch ? If you want to look at tourists go to the V&A Waterfront . But if you want to see the locals , with all their blemishes , hang out at Hout Bay waterfront or Long Street in the city . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Anywhere within the City Bowl . The mountain always looms behind and the sea in front . Melissa 's in Kloof Street is a great neighborhood spot for lunch and people watching . How do tourists stick out and what 's the best way to blend in ? They are unprepared for Cape Town 's changing weather . Winter is cold , rainy and windy . Summer evenings can be brisk and chilly . So always come with a good variety of clothes . Otherwise you might be that tourist freezing in his flip-flops , T-shirts and shorts . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? That somehow Africa is backwards . Cape Town has the most amazing contemporary art scene and some of the greatest modern designers . It is a hub of creativity . Do n't just get stuck buying cheap tribal masks . Instead , go to Woodstock and explore the original designs at the Haldane Martin , Gregor Jenkin or Whatiftheworld studios . Where do you go to relax ? Kirstenbosch Botanical Gardens and Constantia just around the corner . There are many botanical gardens but nothing quite like Kirstenbosch . If you just want to walk , have a picnic , listen to a concert or just enjoy life in the southern tip of Africa , this is the place . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? Go for a drive and really enjoy the majestic scenery that the city offers . From the airport drive through the city , enjoy the mountain looming over it and head over to Camps Bay . With the Atlantic Ocean on your right drive past Llandudno and then all the way to Hout Bay . Now you are looking at the Indian Ocean . From there take the inland route through Constantia -- a suburb that is home to some of Africa 's oldest vineyards . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? The V&A Waterfront is just another shopping mall but in an amazing location . However , you need to go there to take the ferry to Robben Island . Visiting the prison on this island where Nelson Mandela spent many years is a must to understanding where this country has come from . Just make sure you book ahead of time . Where was your most memorable meal ? At the Cellar Restaurant at the Haute Cabriere wine estate in Franschhoek . Every meal was matched to one of their wines and the lunch lasted for hours . I ca n't quite remember what was paired with our desert or receiving the bill but it a memorable meal nonetheless . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? Go to one of the great restaurants and then head home to enjoy one of the cities many boutique hotels . My personal favorite is a small bed and breakfast , run by a British couple , called twentytwo . Sitting in the hip lounge for a nightcap after a dinner is special . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? The local wines . Klein Constantia has always been one of my favorite vineyards as they consistently deliver great quality . Also , it is always a sentimental visit for me as I grew up nearby . What is a good local souvenir ? If you want a really memorable souvenir that is n't a wooden giraffe , go for good local design such as a Haldane Martin ostrich feather lamp or Zulu Mama chair . A great place to find other locally produced art is the Cape Craft and Design project by the city . They can direct you to the unique local designers .	La Colombe at the Constantia Uitsig winery is ideal for a special occasion If you want to see locals , hang out at Hout Bay waterfront or Long Street in the city Klein Constantia has always been one of Norgaard 's favorite vineyards
CNN  -- While the Republican nominees beat their drums and stomp their feet and whoop "  class warfare , " we 're reminded of another kind of war on class : That is people 's seeming inability to be decent and sophisticated online . This is n't a new problem . In the musical "  Chicago , " Velma and Mama Morton lament : "  Why is it everyone now is a pain in the a ** ? Whatever happened to class ? " But back in Prohibition-era Illinois , offenses were limited to whatever went down in letters , telephone calls and real-life interactions . Nowadays , when we 're virtually connected to a gazillion people at any given time  formally reducing our six degrees of separation from Kevin Bacon and everyone else to a mere 4.74 -- score !  , those dodgy , ill-advised and just plain rude acts are happening at arm 's length all the time . While we ca n't do anything about the fact that "  no one even says oops when they 're passing their gas " and "  even kids 'll kick your shins and give you sass "  yep , "  Chicago " again  , we offer the following solutions in the war on class . Identify your own faux pas and make the Web a bit less of a bubbling swamp of vulgarity . Tacky tactic : Posting detailed , passive-aggressive grievances about other people in your circle on your blog , Facebook , Twitter , etc. , a la "  It 's really interesting to me how SOME people think it 's totally OK to be nice to your face and then send texts to your boyfriend telling him he could do better , ESPECIALLY when said people wear fake colored contact lenses and ill-fitting clothes and are named Jenny Jenkins . #justsaying . " Classy fix : When you have beef with one person and yet feel the need to involve hundreds of others , you do n't come off as righteous . You look childish and a bit foolish . In fact , research shows that gossipmongers are seen as unlikable and weak . If you have something to say to someone , say it to her face  book  : E-mail or message her privately . Or better yet , call her or ask whether you can talk in person and -- calmly and without screeching or flailing about -- talk it out . Staying cool as a cucumber wo n't just be classy , it 'll scare the crap out of whomever you 're confronting . A classy foe is so much more persuasive than a hysterical one . Tacky tactic : Making big announcements via TMI photos : the new baby , seconds after birth and still gooey ; your newly deceased father-in-law on a gurney , moments before they wheeled him away ; you passed out next to the toilet after celebrating your new job offer , etc. . Classy fix : Honestly , most big announcements do n't require an accompanying photo . A cheerful update about the baby 's weight and health , a solemn link to the service announcement and an excited sentence about your new gig would suffice . Eventually your friends and loved ones will want you to share a photo of the cleaned-up baby . But trust us : Your friends want you to be out there celebrating achievements and dealing with losses , not busily tapping away on your smartphone every second of the day .  To put it another way : You 're not nearly as interesting to everyone else as you think you are . Hard truth of the day . Tacky tactic : Assuming every digital contact is a willing financial supporter  and prefers to be contacted a dozen times a day  . So you 're planning a self-booked , 12-country mission trip ? Forming a nonprofit to neuter feral cats in the neighborhood ? Kicking off that company of hard-plastic containers for the transportation of raw fruit that you 've been talking about ? Good for you . Not so good for us if you continue tagging us in daily Facebook notes or spamming us with bullying messages along the lines of "  Your contribution is ABSOLUTELY CRITICAL to the success of Spay & Play , so it is ESSENTIAL that you donate as much as you can . " Classy fix : Use a carrot , not a stick , to drum up support . Set up a Kickstarter campaign with a low funding limit and offer incentives for different contributions . Send kind , flattering , personalized appeals to different potential donors  "  I thought this might interest you since you 're familiar with startup nonprofits , and I 'd love to take you out for coffee and benefit from your wisdom even if a financial contribution is n't possible right now "  and leave them alone if one followup note goes unanswered . At the end of the day , like when you 're penniless in your 11th country or chest-deep in feral kitties , you want a venture funded by willing donors and well-wishing supporters , not ticked-off friends who are paying you hush money .	The Web is full of people who use tacky tactics on their social media platforms Passive-aggressive grievances about someone in your circle can come off as childish Every big announcement does n't require an accompanying photo , especially if it 's TMI Do n't bully your friends into donating money for your latest cause
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- "  The tunnels were the most difficult part , especially because the Caucasus range -LSB- is made up of -RSB- immature mountains , " Andrey Panenkov , the acting chief engineer of the Adler-to-Krasnaya Polyana road , tells CNN . "  This is not dense rock such as granite , this breed is young with soft ground , so they are liable to move . " Panenkov is a bear of a man . He stands around 6 ' 6 " and has the steely , no-nonsense eyes of an engineer hardened by previous victorious battles with many-a-stubborn environment  see bottom of page  . If his spade-like hands could not carve a passage through mountains he likens to an irritating teenager , you fear there would be no others that could . " -LSB- Their movement -RSB- is impossible to measure ... but voids and faults occur due to water in the rock , it loosens the joints and seams . "  But we had some special methods to achieve a positive result , " Panenkov says of the Herculean task he helped to deliver . Special methods that would have come in very handy when you 're faced with boring 30 km of tunnel through big lumps of adolescent rock which are prone to jostling . To be more precise this entailed : six complex boring machines and 14 "  harvesters " , which transport the rubble and soil away from the mountain face , along with various drilling and blasting methods . The 25-mile highway that joins the coastal Winter Games site in Sochi with the alpine venues nearly 2000 feet above sea level in Krasnaya Polyana , entailed many such challenges for the team of designers , engineers and builders assigned to the project . Erected in just five years the motorway , that ascends the foothills by soaring over the path of a river valley , is something of a technical marvel . By working with consultants from Italy , Spain and Switzerland a 37 km flyover has been constructed , across all impediments , to deliver travelers from one end to the other in around 30 minutes when free of traffic . The tunnels are many , the steel bridges are myriad and concrete support structures , which hold the transport arteries in the air , creep up the snow-capped slopes like a giant , monolithic ivy . A new railway line , which also traverses the same physical obstacles , runs parallel to the road too . But it 's the cost , which totaled an eye-watering $ 9 billion according to the Wall Street Journal , that led to the road making headlines . Many in the media touted the freeway , that Panenkov 's 150-man team played a role in building , as the "  world 's most expensive road " , with stories abounding of how it would have been cheaper to lay its surface with caviar than the tarmac used . The narrative played into a wider questioning of the $ 50 billion spent on the Sochi project by the administration of Russian President Vladimir Putin . A fear that former deputy prime minister Boris Nemtsov alluded to in a report titled "  Winter Olympics in the Sub-Tropics : Corruption and Abuse in Sochi , " published last year , where he stated that $ 20-30 billion had been spent on "  embezzlement and kickbacks . " But it 's an accusation that Oleg Toni -- vice president of Russian Railways , the company that delivered the road and rail infrastructure for the Games and sponsor of CNN 's Olympic coverage -- totally rejects . "  In this era of the Internet it 's impossible to do something closed and dishonest . Russian Railways is a global company and we are looked at carefully . "  We 've had over 1,500 thousand inspections , in such conditions it is impossible to hide something . Excuses are pointless because everyone can come and see the tenders -LSB- we submitted -RSB- . "  In politics it 's always easy to criticize others . -LSB- Nemtsov -RSB- was not responsible for anything , and if he knows where the money went then please show us ! In our country there are organizations that verify this . " Despite the initial ambition of the task giving him sleepless nights , Toni now speaks of his pride in the construction achieved . He would not confirm the overall cost , but he told CNN the reporting of the investment had sometimes missed the point , in his view . "  Conditions were given to us : we have to carry a certain number of passengers by train and by car in this location . "  Yes , you can compare some figures and individual indicators to suggest something ... but it 's pointless to compare this with a road that runs from Paris to Lyon -LSB- because it 's a different environment -RSB- , " Toni told CNN . "  We 've built four new train stations and these will serve the population for several generations . "  Down the road in Adler there is a tunnel built 120 years ago ... but the decision to build it was right because it has been used so much . All infrastructure pays off in this way . " There were 10 parts to the Russian Railways construction project in Sochi : two cargo terminals , updating the old Adler - Tuapse railway line , building four new stations and then the linking road transport networks , updating Sochi airport and building a freight and train-servicing plant . Some say much of the building came at an environmental cost . After all , Sochi sits in close proximity to one of the largest natural parks in Europe , a fact that had Alexander Valov , chief editor of Blog Sochi , concerned from the start . "  I think that in any city , roads and social infrastructure should be built regardless of the Olympic Games but some of the money should be spent on ecology because the nature of this area was damaged greatly , " Valov told CNN . But Toni attests great attention was paid to the environment with "  special technical solutions " used to keep damage to the national park to a minimum . As a Moscovite , Toni ultimately sees the Sochi project and his road as a good news story : "  I am glad ... that people will recognize that in our country there is something positive . The more that people know , the more tourists will come , and therefore , our infrastructure will be in demand -LSB- for a long time in the future -RSB- . " Whatever the amount that was invested , the true value -- like that of the 120-year-old tunnel -- will take a time period greater than the Winter Olympics to judge .	A highway built for the 2014 Sochi Games has been dubbed the world 's most expensive road The road links the coastal Winter Games site in Sochi with the alpine venues Consultants from Italy , Spain and Switzerland created a 37-km flyover along with 30 kilometers of tunnels "  Our infrastructure will be in demand -LSB- for a long time -RSB- , " Oleg Toni , Russian Railways vice president told CNN
RAMALLAH , West Bank  CNN  -- The harsh reality of life and death in Gaza is a common theme for Palestinian filmmakers . A still from "  Fatenah , " the first commerical animation to come out of the Palestinian Territories . But it was the 2004 death of a young Palestinian woman -- not at the hands of a militant attack or an Israeli incursion -- that struck a note with two filmmakers . Their animated film , "  Fatenah , " is inspired by her struggle with breast cancer , which is still a sensitive subject in the Palestinian territories . "  The amount of trouble she has to go to just to survive , you feel somehow committed to be part of that project , it is so strong and so emotional , " director Ahmad Habash told CNN . Fatenah , which tells the fictional story of a young seamstress from a Gaza refugee camp , is the first commercial Palestinian animation film ever made . The heart-wrenching tale follows Fatenah 's pain and humiliation as she struggles to leave Gaza for treatment after finding few Palestinian doctors willing to help . At first , one doctor suggests she loosen her bra , while another says her condition will probably go away once she marries . It takes six months for Palestinian doctors to treat her concerns seriously and diagnose her with breast cancer . Fatenah becomes tied up in Israeli and Palestinian bureaucracy , denied treatment until it is too late . It is a devastating tale that Habash said is not unique . "  The Shata refugee camp , which exists in Gaza ... represents any refugee camp and -LSB- Fatenah -RSB- could be any woman , " he said . "  The story could happen again . " The film 's executive producer Saed Andoni said it was a gamble telling such a tragic story using animation . But he believes that bet has paid off . "  I think the animation has softened the harshness of the topic , " he said . "  Breast cancer and illness and death and Gaza and the siege , it 's all heavy stuff , it 's all harsh stuff . Put it in an animation style , give it a new dimension , give it a new perspective . " At a screening in the West Bank city of Ramallah , audience members wept after hearing Fatenah 's story , saying they related to her plight . One scene shows Fatenah checking her breast for lumps . The filmmakers hope this will help to break down barriers around a subject that is still very hidden in the region . "  It 's very taboo to speak about the woman 's body in Palestinian society , but in the film it happens and nobody criticizes and nobody says anything about it , " Andoni said . "  They accept it . " The film breaks new ground by dealing with matters often swept under the carpet in Palestinian society . Andoni said the film 's greatest endorsement came from the father of the woman whose real-life story inspired the film . The woman 's father said he cried when he watched it . "  It 's a very human story and if it can touch the real family , it is a great moment , " Andoni said .	Young Palestinian 's death from breast cancer inspires first commercial animation "  Fatenah " is based on life of Gaza seamstress who died of the disease aged 28 It took doctors six months to diagnose cancer ; they told her to loosen her bra Filmmakers hope it will help break down barriers around subject taboo in the region
CNN  -- Sherlock Holmes is back , and it 's more than elementary my dear Watson . Eighty-one years after the death of his creator , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , and more than 100 years since the last original story , the world 's greatest detective returns in a new novel , "  The House of Silk . " The novel may be the peak of what 's been recent Holmes renaissance , including "  Sherlock , " a successful , modern adaptation for the BBC . There 's also a Hollywood film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law which re-imagines Holmes and Watson as steampunk action heroes , it was a hit with movie-goers , even spawning a sequel this holiday . Bookstore shelves are loaded with tributes , pastiches , spinoffs and repackaged versions of the "  sacred 60 , " Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's 56 original short stories and 4 novels , but "  The House of Silk " stands apart . It 's the first new Holmes novel authorized and written with the endorsement of the Conan Doyle estate . Picking up the Meerschaum pipe is Anthony Horowitz , a bestselling novelist and television producer from Britain . Horowitz penned the extremely popular , Alex Rider series , about a teenage super-spy . He 's also written and produced several popular television dramas , including "  Foyle 's War , " and "  Midsomer Murders " both seen on PBS . Horowitz says he did n't tinker much with Conan Doyle 's creation , hoping to preserve the flavor and tone of the original stories while giving the new novel a modern sensibility and pace . "  The House of Silk " is set in 1890 , a London shrouded in fog and shadow , where Hansom cabs still roam the streets . Watson now lives in a retirement home , Holmes is dead a year . Watson recounts one of their earlier cases , so shocking ; the pages of its telling have stayed in his solicitor 's safe for 100 years . Now , the usual cast of characters is reunited ; Mrs. Hudson , Inspector Lestrade , the Baker Street Irregulars , Holmes ' brother Mycroft , even the evil Professor Moriarty . There 's a train robbery , a prison break , a carnival freak show , a high-speed chase by horse drawn carriage and a criminal gang that leaves a strip of white silk as their calling card . Once again , the game is afoot . CNN recently spoke with Horowitz about continuing the Sherlock Holmes canon ; the following is an edited transcript . CNN : How long have you been a fan of Sherlock Holmes ? Do you remember reading your first Holmes story ? Horowitz : I was given a complete collection of Sherlock Holmes short stories and the four novels when I was 16 . I remember reading "  The Sign of Four " first and loving it . The book has a wonderful story with the tentacles of imperial India spreading all the way to suburban London . It has great characters , a macabre murder and a terrific chase down the River Thames . From that moment , I was hooked . CNN : This is the first time the Conan Doyle estate has authorized a new Holmes novel , how did you get involved ? Horowitz : An agent approached me , but in the end I had very little to do with the estate . It was important to me that I should be allowed to work on my own so nobody gave me notes , I did n't have to show my manuscript to the estate , I was n't told what I could or could n't do . To be fair to the estate , they put their complete trust in me and I hope I 've repaid it . CNN : With so many fans worldwide , how daunting a challenge was this ? Horowitz : To be honest , I would n't have accepted the assignment if I did n't think I could do it and in the end I found the process , if not exactly easy , then remarkably stress-free . In fact , I loved every minute of the writing . It was a huge privilege to inhabit 221b Baker Street for four months in the company of two great literary figures . CNN : Much about "  The House of Silk " has been kept top secret until now . What can you tell us about the book ? Horowitz : It 's set in the winter of 1890 , in London and begins with an art dealer who believes he is being followed . He has come into contact with a vicious American gang and it seems that one of their number is out for revenge . But very soon the story spirals out of control and Holmes finds himself drawn into a much wider and deadlier conspiracy that could destroy the entire fabric of British society . CNN : Do you have a favorite Holmes story ? Horowitz : "  The Dying Detective " is my favorite story . It has no murder and very few characters but it 's wonderfully ingenious and shows Holmes at his best . "  The House of Silk " starts three days after "  The Dying Detective " ends . CNN : Why do you think Holmes has remained arguably the world 's most popular detective for more than 100 years ? Horowitz : Well , he was the first , the father of all modern detectives . But I think what makes him so unforgettable is his relationship with Watson . He is austere , irritating , aloof . Watson is warm , loyal , affable . Together , they have the greatest friendship in literature . CNN : You have a hugely successful career in books , film & TV , how big an impact did the Holmes stories have on you as a writer ? Horowitz : It 's probably true to say that they helped to steer me towards murder mystery . I always had a love of puzzles , illusions , magic . Holmes pressed all the right buttons . Author , Anthony Horowitz reads an excerpt from his Sherlock Holmes novel , "  The House of Silk . "	The world 's greatest detective returns in Anthony Horowtiz 's new novel , "  The House of Silk " New Holmes novel authorized and written with endorsement of Conan Doyle estate In the story , Watson now lives in a retirement home and Holmes is dead a year
CNN  -- Volcanic ash from an Icelandic eruption could reach British airspace Tuesday , sooner than previously predicted , Britain 's Civil Aviation Authority warned Monday . Scotland 's Loganair announced that all flights will be canceled Tuesday due to forecasts that indicate "  a high density of ash will be present in large parts of Scottish airspace . " British Airways and Dutch airline KLM also canceled dozens of scheduled Tuesday flights to and from locations in Scotland . The eruption forced U.S. President Barack Obama , who was in Ireland on Monday , to move up the departure for his next stop on a six-day European tour . "  Due to a recent change in the trajectory in the plume of volcanic ash , Air Force One will depart Ireland for London tonight . The schedule for tomorrow will proceed as planned , " White House official John Earnest told CNN . Get more information from the UK 's National Weather Service The Barcelona football club was also considering flying early to London for its Saturday match-up against Manchester United in the Champions League Final . The ash forced the closure of Icelandic airspace over the weekend , raising the specter of the kind of disruption of trans-Atlantic and European air travel that took place last year . But Britain 's CAA said new arrangements have been put in place since last year 's eruption of another Icelandic volcano , and those changes should reduce the number of flights that have to be canceled if the ash cloud spreads . The main international airport in Iceland reopened Monday evening , according to the airport 's website . There were no international flights in or out of the country on Sunday after Grimsvotn -- Europe 's most active volcano -- began to erupt on Saturday . Last year , trans-Atlantic and European air traffic was snarled for weeks by an ash cloud from the other volcano , Eyjafjallajokull . The Grimsvotn volcano under the Vatnajokull glacier erupted Saturday , according to the Icelandic Meteorological Office . The last eruption of the volcano was in 2004 , CNN affiliate TV2 Iceland reported . Grimsvotn is Iceland 's most frequently active volcano . In 1783 , a 16.7-mile fissure system from the volcano produced the world 's largest known historical lava flow over a seven-month period , damaging crops and livestock , according to the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History . A resulting famine resulted in the loss of one-fifth of Iceland 's population , according to the Smithsonian website . CNN 's Alex Felton and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : KLM , British Airways cancel flights into Scotland U.S. President Barack Obama leaves Ireland early Scotland 's Loganair cancels flights for Tuesday Ash from the Grimsvotn volcano could reach Scotland on Tuesday , authorities say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush and his top aides publicly made 935 false statements about the security risk posed by Iraq in the two years following September 11 , 2001 , according to a study released Tuesday by two nonprofit journalism groups . President Bush addresses the nation as the Iraq war begins in March 2003 . "  In short , the Bush administration led the nation to war on the basis of erroneous information that it methodically propagated and that culminated in military action against Iraq on March 19 , 2003 , " reads an overview of the examination , conducted by the Center for Public Integrity and its affiliated group , the Fund for Independence in Journalism . According to the study , Bush and seven top officials -- including Vice President Dick Cheney , former Secretary of State Colin Powell and then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice -- made 935 false statements about Iraq during those two years . The study was based on a searchable database compiled of primary sources , such as official government transcripts and speeches , and secondary sources -- mainly quotes from major media organizations . See CNN viewers ' reactions to the study " The study says Bush made 232 false statements about Iraq and former leader Saddam Hussein 's possessing weapons of mass destruction , and 28 false statements about Iraq 's links to al Qaeda . Bush has consistently asserted that at the time he and other officials made the statements , the intelligence community of the U.S. and several other nations , including Britain , believed Hussein had weapons of mass destruction . Responding to the study Wednesday , White House spokesman Scott Stanzel did not speak directly to the "  false claims " characterization . But he said the United States was part of a broad coalition of nations that took part in the Iraq invasion and that the invasion was based on intelligence from multiple countries . He called Hussein a threat to international security and a sponsor of terrorism , and said the world is better off without him . White House press secretary Dana Perino called the study "  flawed . " "  They only looked at members of the administration , rather than looking at members of Congress or people around the world , " she said . "  Because as you 'll remember , we were part of a broad coalition of countries that deposed a dictator based on a collective understanding of the intelligence . " "  And the other thing that that study fails to do is to say that after realizing that there was no WMD , as we thought as a collective body that there was , that this White House , the President set about to make reforms in the intelligence community to make sure that it does n't happen again . " Bush has repeatedly said that despite the intelligence flaws , removing Hussein from power was the right thing to do . The study , released Tuesday , says Powell had the second-highest number of false statements , with 244 about weapons and 10 about Iraq and al Qaeda . Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Press Secretary Ari Fleischer each made 109 false statements , it says . Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz made 85 , Rice made 56 , Cheney made 48 and Scott McLellan , also a press secretary , made 14 , the study says . "  It is now beyond dispute that Iraq did not possess any weapons of mass destruction or have meaningful ties to al Qaeda , " the report reads , citing multiple government reports , including those by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , the 9/11 Commission and the multinational Iraq Survey Group , which reported that Hussein had suspended Iraq 's nuclear program in 1991 and made little effort to revive it . The overview of the study also calls the media to task , saying most media outlets did n't do enough to investigate the claims . "  Some journalists -- indeed , even some entire news organizations -- have since acknowledged that their coverage during those prewar months was far too deferential and uncritical , " the report reads . "  These mea culpas notwithstanding , much of the wall-to-wall media coverage provided additional , ` independent ' validation of the Bush administration 's false statements about Iraq . " The quotes in the study include an August 26 , 2002 , statement by Cheney to the national convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars . "  Simply stated , there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction , " Cheney said . "  There is no doubt he is amassing them to use against our friends , against our allies , and against us . " E-mail to a friend	Study searched database for statements by Bush , aides , in 2001-2003 Bush made 260 false statements about Iraqi weapons , al Qaeda , study says Study accuses former Secretary of State Colin Powell of 244 false statements Also on the list : Cheney , Rumsfeld , Rice , former White House spokesmen
CNN  -- In China , it is sometimes the doctors who call for medical help . In Beijing last month , an angry patient left a female doctor with 17 stab wounds . Wang Baoming , a cancer patient , allegedly attacked Dr. Xu Wen with a kitchen knife , wounding her arms , left leg and back . Fortunately , she survived after nine hours in surgery . Wang is now under arrest . He reportedly attacked the 43-year-old surgeon because he deemed her attempt to remove his laryngeal tumor in 2006 a failure that made his condition worse . The suspected assailant had complained about it in his blog . "  It was supposed to be a minor operation which can cure my illness once and for all , " he wrote as early as April 2009 . "  Because of the destructive surgery by Mrs. Xu , within three months the scattered cancer cells spread . " He was left a disabled man , he wrote , and wanted to take revenge on Xu . This is not an isolated case , the Chinese media and medical industry sources say . Caixin , a muck-raking Chinese weekly , said at least eight similar cases have occurred this year . In August , a patient in Guangdong province , reportedly hacked to death Dr. Liu Zhonglin and injured another doctor who tried to stop the attack . The patient claimed the doctor failed to cure him of facial spasms , state-run Xinhua said . "  This has been going on for a long time , " said an American consultant familiar with China 's medical sector , who requested anonymity . "  Doctors are frequently attacked and the professional morale is very low . " Chinese doctors are asking for understanding and help . On September 16 , the Chinese Medical Doctors Association issued a statement urging the Chinese public to show more respect to doctors . "  The government should attach importance to the rising tensions between doctors and patients , and think about what caused the current situation , " said Deng Liqiang , head of the association 's legal department . In August , the association released the results of a nationwide survey . Of the 3,704 doctors who responded , 91.9 % said their job involves many sacrifices for low pay , the China Daily reported . Why have doctors become victims of violence ? Some 55.6 % of respondents said the society is simply prejudiced against the medical profession , 23.5 % of doctors did not properly communicate with their patients and 20.6 % said treatment can not meet patients ' high expectations . In the early 1980s , as part of Deng Xiaoping 's reform and open-door program , China extended its market reforms to health care . Hospitals were stripped of government subsidies and forced to become financially self-supporting . The assumption was the market would move in and take care of the problems . Since then , however , China 's health care system has fallen behind the country 's rapid socio-economic growth . Observers say hospitals are now typically underfunded and doctors are under-paid . "  Hospitals here are often understaffed and have to cater to large number of patients , " noted an Asian physician who works in a Beijing hospital . "  I visited a friend one night in the Beijing Children 's Hospital to help interpret for her . The lines were long and there were two doctors on duty at the ER . Since the lines were long , the quality of care leaves much to be desired . The doctors hardly have time to do a thorough check up , " the physician said . Deregulation of the health care sector has led to accusations of profiteering by hospitals , doctors , drug companies . In some cases , according to various reports by Chinese media , hospitals have reportedly demanded that patients pay much of their likely bill before treatment . In others , some doctors were said to demand red envelopes - containing cash - before treating patients . Chinese blogger "  Songst557 " observed : "  We 've heard it so many times that if a patient does not bribe his doctor , there is high probability that his surgery would not be successful . It 's also a common knowledge that even patients who had given bribes still worry if they gave enough bribes . With such severe anxiety added to their painful illness , even the normally failed surgery would be deemed abnormal . " Doctors and would-be doctors complain that the burden of proof is one-sidedly put on their side . "  Only China adopts a ` reverse onus ' principle in dealing with doctor-patient disputes , which assumes that doctors are guilty and are asked for evidence to prove their innocence , " said Chen Xue , a resident at the Peking Medical University Hospital . "  This is quite ironic . " "  Of course , overburdened case-loads and relatively low official pay may actually contribute to practitioners unmotivated to show compassion , but there is also a sense of entitlement on the part of patients , " added the American consultant . China is now considering administrative and legal mechanisms to deal with doctor-patient disputes . Meanwhile , observers say the situation is demoralizing doctors and doctors-in-training , prompting a kind of brain drain . "  That is partially why some talent are going abroad and some are defecting to become pharmaceutical and device sales people , " said the consultant . "  With relatively low salaries and little respect it seems less young people are interested in studying medicine . " Chen Xue , who is in his final year at Peking University 's medical school , says he will stick to his medical career . "  To guarantee our safety , " he said , "  we now need to observe carefully to avoid patients who are hard to deal with and if we encounter any disputes , we need to be alert about our own safety . " Chen says he loves his career and enjoys helping patients . "  That 's why we are willing to take the risk under the current circumstances , " said the 26-year-old Chen .	In Beijing a patient left a female doctor with 17 stab wounds Chinese weekly Caixin , said at least eight similar cases have occurred in 2011 Out of 3,704 doctors , 91.9 % said their job involves many sacrifices for low pay China 's considering administrative and legal action to deal with doctor-patient disputes
Saudi Arabia 's 87-year-old ruler , King Abdullah , arrived Sunday at a Riyadh hospital to undergo his third back surgery within a year , the Saudi Press Agency reported . Surgeons were to tighten a binding connector around his third vertebra , the agency said . Abdullah last had back surgery in December at New York 's Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center for a herniated disc and a blood clot that were causing him back pain . He spent several weeks in Morocco undergoing physical therapy . The king first underwent successful surgery on November 24 . He had the follow-up operation to stabilize several vertebrae in his spine . Abdullah has ruled the oil-rich kingdom since the August 2005 death of his half-brother , King Fahd . But Abdullah ran most of the kingdom 's affairs for a decade before that on behalf of his ailing sibling .	King Abdullah to have his third back surgery in a year He had surgeries last year for herniated disc , blood clot He has ruled Saudi Arabia since 2005
CNN  -- Mario Balotelli 's headed goal early in the second half gave Italy a crucial 2-1 win over fellow European heavyweights England in their Group D opener in Manaus . Continuing the pattern of a free-scoring World Cup , both sides created a flurry of chances in an open and attacking match despite the stifling heat and humidity of the Amazon jungle and a pitch of questionable quality . England , inspired by 19-year-old Raheem Sterling , made a confident start to Saturday 's game with the Liverpool winger going close with an early snap shot . But it was the Italians who went ahead as Andrea Pirlo 's dummy from a corner left Claudio Marchisio the chance to score with a rasping 35th-minute drive from outside the area . Within two minutes England drew deservedly level as Daniel Sturridge converted from strike partner Wayne Rooney 's cross after the Manchester United star had been sent clear down the left by Sterling . The eventual winner came five minutes after the break as the excellent Antonio Candreva was allowed to cross for Balotelli to head home at the far post from close range . England pressed forward and created a number of half chances , the best of which fell to Rooney , who dragged his effort wide . But Italy , which knocked England out of the 2012 European Championship in a quarterfinal penalty shootout , always carried a threat as well -- and veteran playmaker Pirlo rattled Joe Hart 's crossbar with an injury-time free kick . Italy coach Prandelli praised his midfielders for their role in a famous victory . "  I am clearly satisfied with this victory as this match against England was very difficult , they are a very good team , " Prandelli said . "  We had a very good basis in midfield , " he added . Uruguay 1-3 Costa Rica The win leaves Italy well placed to reach the last 16 after Costa Rica stunned South American champion Uruguay 3-1 in the earlier match in the group . Uruguay , which kept recovering star player Luis Suarez on the bench in Fortaleza , ended the Group D opener with 10 men when Maxi Pereira was sent off for an ugly challenge in injury time . Uruguay had looked set for a routine victory when Edinson Cavani fired in a 24th-minute penalty after Diego Lugano was hauled down . But there was a complete reversal of fortunes after halftime as Joel Campbell drove home a spectacular 54th-minute equalizer . Three minutes later Oscar Duarte stooped low to head the Costa Ricans ahead . Liverpool 's Suarez , who had knee surgery ahead of the tournament , was still not risked by coach Oscar Tabarez despite the dire plight of his team and a sorry night was to get worse . Campbell , on the books of Arsenal but yet to play a first team game for the English Premier League side , capped a fine performance by sending away substitute Marco Urena to score a late and clinching third . Pereira then saw red in a moment of madness as he lunged at Campbell and will miss Uruguay 's second group match against England Thursday , which now takes on added importance for both teams after their opening setbacks . Costa Rica 's Colombian coach Jorge Luis Pinto said Campbell had changed the course of the game . "  He 's a man who unsettles you , he surprises , changes the tempo , he was uncontainable for the Uruguay defense , " said Pinto . Colombia 3-0 Greece In Saturday 's first match , Colombia scored the fastest goal of the World Cup to date to set up a 3-0 victory against Greece in the opening game of Group C. Pablo Armero 's deflected shot squeezed over the Greek line to give his team a fifth-minute lead in Belo Horizonte , and the South Americans doubled their advantage in the second half as striker Teofilo Gutierrez netted . Gutierrez , leading the line in the absence of Colombia 's injured star forward Radamel Falcao , stabbed home at the far post in the 58th minute after a right-wing corner was flicked on . Greece should have reduced the deficit , but veteran Theofanis Gekas headed against the crossbar from close range soon before he was substituted in the 64th minute . Young midfielder James Rodriguez sealed Colombia 's victory in time added on , with a low shot that keeper Orestis Karnezis could only palm into the corner of the net . Great things are expected of Rodriguez , who moved to big spending French club AS Monaco from Porto for $ 60 million before the start of last season . He is nicknamed the "  new kid " as he is seen as the natural successor to former Colombian legend Carlos Valderrama , whose nickname was ` the kid " and starred for the national side at three straight World Cups until 1998 . Colombia , in the finals for the first time since Valderrama 's last appearance , is considered a dangerous outsider although the loss of Falcao is considered a major blow . Falcao , a teammate of Rodriguez at Monaco , has not recovered in time from a serious knee injury but has joined his international teammates in Brazil to lend his support . Greece has suffered six defeats in the last seven games at the World Cup and coach Fernando Santos said his side had been well beaten . "  They caused us a lot of problems from the opening minutes , " the 59-year-old told reporters . Colombia coach Jose Pekerman was delighted with his side 's opening win . "  We were strong going forward , we had a nice style of play and we created several chances , " said the 64-year-old Argentine . Ivory Coast 2-1 Japan Colombia will next play an Ivory Coast team that came from behind to beat Japan in Saturday 's final match in Recife . Japan took a 16th-minute lead through a superb strike by AC Milan midfielder Keisuke Honda , but the second-half introduction of veteran striker Didier Drogba helped inspire the African side to victory . Soon after the 36-year-old came off the bench , fellow forward Wilfried Bony made up for several misses when he headed home Serge Aurier 's cross in the 64th minute . The defender also delivered an assist for Gervinho two minutes later , as the Roma striker nodded in a near-post effort that Japan goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima will be disappointed not to have saved . It was the first time that the Ivorians had won their first game at a World Cup , and another victory on Thursday would make a historic first progression to the knockout stages possible . Japan was the first team to qualify for Brazil , but now realistically needs to beat Greece to have a chance of reaching the last 16 -- as the team did in South Africa four years ago .	Italy beats England 2-1 in their Group D opener in Manaus Costa Rica stuns Uruguay with 3-1 win in earlier match in group Pablo Armero scores fastest goal of tournament as Colombia beats Greece Ivory Coast comes from behind to beat Japan in other Group C game
Baghdad  CNN  -- A militant group with links to al Qaeda claimed responsibility for a deadly wave of bombings across Iraq , strikes designed to undermine government security plans for the upcoming Arab League summit . The Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq , made the claim in a statement posted on an al Qaeda website . The explosions killed 45 people and wounded hundreds Tuesday . Occurring on the ninth anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq , the attacks were "  coordinated " and launched by "  Sunni lions " in Baghdad and other provinces "  simultaneously , " the online statement said . Sunni lions is an adulatory reference to militants . The bombings were meant to target the security plan "  of the government of fools inside the Green Zone , in preparation of the meeting of Arab tyrants in Baghdad , " the statement said . The country is hosting the next Arab League summit March 29 . Al Qaeda in Iraq is a Sunni militant group in a majority Shiite country . The Sunni minority had a great deal of power during the reign of longtime dictator Saddam Hussein but lost its clout after he was toppled . Many Sunnis have felt disenfranchised in Iraq in the post-Hussein era and some have embraced the insurgency . Sectarian conflict raged between Iraq 's Shiites and Sunnis during the Iraq war . While the insurgency 's support and potency has eroded in Iraq , authorities believe the bombings were meant to send a message that the militant group is still able to carry out such attacks . Police in Baghdad reported more violence Wednesday A mother and her three children were slain in Zafaraniya , a Sunni-Shiite neighborhood in the city 's southeast . Gunmen shot dead a Ministry of Trade employee in the northwest . Nine people were wounded , six in a car bombing in central Baghdad and nine by a roadside bomb in the southeast .	The Islamic State of Iraq is an al Qaeda front group The group says it was targeting security plans for the Arab League summit More violence flares across Baghdad Wednesday At least 45 are dead after the wave of bombs on the 9th anniversary of the invasion
CNN  -- Columbus Day often brings to mind the Nina , the Pinta and the Santa Maria . This Monday , some cities and states would rather you think of the Sioux , the Suquamish and the Chippewa . For the first time this year , Seattle and Minneapolis will recognize the second Monday in October as "  Indigenous People 's Day . " The cities join a growing list of jurisdictions choosing to shift the holiday 's focus from Christopher Columbus to the people he encountered in the New World and their modern-day descendants . The Seattle City Council voted last week to reinvent the holiday to celebrate "  the thriving cultures and values of Indigenous Peoples in our region . " The Minneapolis City Council approved a similar measure in April "  to reflect upon the ongoing struggles of Indigenous people on this land , and to celebrate the thriving culture and value that Dakota , Ojibwa and other indigenous nations add to our city . " The Seattle School Board followed suit along with Portland Public Schools , where officials say Indigenous People 's Day will not replace Columbus Day but supplement it . Schools across the country have been working for years to clarify Columbus ' role in history . "  It 's not about one or the other , it 's about how do we get a complete picture to understand where we 're at in history , and how we got there ? " said Portland School Board member Greg Belisle , according to the Oregonian . Opinion : What to tell your kid about Christopher Columbus In many cities , Columbus Day is a celebration of Italian-American heritage , leading to opposition to the recasting of Columbus Day . "  Italian-Americans are deeply offended , " Lisa Marchese , a lawyer affiliated with the Order Sons of Italy in America , told The Seattle Times . "  By this resolution , you say to all Italian-Americans that the city of Seattle no longer deems your heritage or your community worthy of recognition . " President Benjamin Harrison established a celebration of Columbus Day in 1892 , the 400th anniversary of Columbus ' landing in the Bahamas in 1492 . The holiday started being celebrated on the second Monday in October in 1971 . Today , 16 states , including Alaska , Hawaii and Oregon , do n't recognize Columbus Day as a public holiday . South Dakota has celebrated Native American Day since 1990 . Redskins owner sits with Navajo Nation president Berkeley , California , is thought to be the first city to adopt Indigenous People 's Day in 1992 , building on international efforts to end the celebration of Columbus ' "  discovery " of the New World . The International Day of the World 's Indigenous People is celebrated on August 9 thanks to a 1994 United Nations General Assembly resolution . The Italian explorer and his namesake holiday have long been controversial . Despite what American schoolchildren may have learned about when "  Columbus sailed the ocean blue , " supporters of Indigenous People 's Day believe Columbus should not be celebrated for "  discovering " America . Indigenous people had been living in the "  New World " for centuries by the time he arrived , and his voyages established lasting connections between Europe and Americans that paved the way for its colonization , leading to the subjugation and decimation of the indigenous population . "  Learning about the history of Columbus and transforming this day into a celebration of indigenous people and a celebration of social justice ... allows us to make a connection between this painful history and the ongoing marginalization , discrimination and poverty that indigenous communities face to this day , " Seattle Councilmember Kshama Sawant said . Do you think we should still celebrate Columbus Day ? Tell us in the comments .	Seattle and Minneapolis will celebrate Indigenous People 's Day on Columbus Day Many states and cities already do not recognize Columbus Day as a public holiday The move offends some Italian-Americans , who celebrate their heritage on Columbus Day
CNN  -- Jostling a flip phone and dried apricots , Ron Jeremy frees a hand to shake before lifting his shirt to reveal a fading red scar that slices halfway down his chest . "  The worst is over , " he says of the health crisis that nearly killed him in February . "  But it was really spooky . I guess no heart problem comes at the right time , but this was just a big disaster . "  I had one of the worst things you could ever have . It really bugs me ; it really actually bothers me because I do n't smoke , I barely drink , I do n't touch drugs . I had none of those horrible habits and I still got this horrendous heart problem : aortic dissection , or aortic aneurysm dissection . In my case , I had two : abdominal and thoracic . Two holes they had to sew up . " We 're speaking on his first day back to work , filming "  Jessica Drake 's Guide to Wicked Sex : Legends . " In the instructional movie , director Drake asked four of the , ahem , biggest men in pornography for their secrets and tricks on how to please a woman . Evan Stone , Steven St. Croix and Sean Michaels answered interview questions and later demonstrated their techniques . At the end of Jeremy 's interview , the camera pans out to reveal he 's already getting some action . Although he has shot more than 2,000 movies over his 30-plus year career , the 59-year-old Jeremy modestly cleared the room for his scene . "  I was nervous , " he says . "  Blood pressure medicine can affect the penis . I 'm taking blood pressure medicine now and I was able to do it , but my scenes are n't as good as they used to be . I do n't get the full massive . If I could be so specific , CNN , it bends a little . But it felt good being back in the saddle . " "  I 'm really grateful that Ron Jeremy could be here with us today , " Drake says . "  I 'd like to pick his brain some more , but I wanted to go easy on him . I was really worried about having him on the set . When he was getting  oral sex  , I was really watching ; watching his breathing , watching his face . Everything . " With two operations , medication and successfully climbing the two flights of stairs required to green-light his return to work  "  What 'd I do ? I walked up three just to prove a point "  , doctors seem confident he 'll be OK . Still , Jeremy now has to think about his performance above the belt , too . "  I look at exotic locations where I used to host shows , from Jamaica to Key West . I 'm still planning on doing it , but it 's scary , " he says . "  What if I 'm on a plane and something happens ? You ca n't say , ` is there a doctor in the house ? ' It has to be an aortic doctor . They told me to walk around the plane every hour and I said , great , I 'm gon na be that guy . There 's always a guy that bangs into your elbow , and we all hate that guy . " Whether it 's the result of a brush with mortality or simply wanting credit where it 's due , the entertainment industry veteran and guest star in many mainstream movies , TV shows and music videos , is keenly aware of his fame . He rattles off his name-check by Seth MacFarlane at the Academy Awards , Grammy parties he was scheduled to attend , press mentions from TMZ and Jay Leno and celebrity well-wishers like Gene Simmons and Macy Gray . In the hospital , he says he was thinking about the Rainbow Bar and Grill , an LA institution , where , incidentally , his rum is sold . "  I thought , I can get in my car and drive over there . The doctors will be looking for me , but I really want to go because I ca n't stand it here anymore , " he says . "  They say I was hard to control . " Glory aside , he 's grateful for the support . "  People used to come up to me  and say  , can I see your penis or God knows what I used to hear . Now it 's , how 's your rehab coming along ? We 're glad you 're OK . " "  Ron Jeremy is the hope for guys everywhere , " Drake says of his enduring appeal . "  They watch him and go , huh , Ron Jeremy 's still  getting  chicks ; I could do that too ! "	Ron Jeremy has returned to filming adult movies after a health scare in February Jeremy had two aortic aneurysms : abdominal and thoracic Porn star says he was nervous about filming his first scene after returning
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- The estranged wife of the man accused of kidnapping then-14-year-old Elizabeth Smart from her family 's Salt Lake City home in 2002 testified Friday that the defendant manipulated her into doing things by saying his orders were divine law . "  I was told that no matter how difficult I found the load to bear , I needed to follow the law or suffer eternal consequences , " said Wanda Barzee about her husband , Brian Mitchell . Mitchell played to his wife 's strong religious beliefs , telling her that divine revelations required she carry out acts that included participating in the kidnapping , she said in her second and final day of testimony in her husband 's trial . "  I was told that we were commanded to take 14-year-old young women and we were to snatch them out of the world and train them up in the ministries of God , " said Barzee . She is serving a sentence of up to 15 years after striking a plea deal last year with state and federal prosecutors for her role in the abduction and agreeing to testify for the prosecution . But the prosecution did not call her , the defense did . Mitchell used the revelations to explain his heavy drinking , his engaging in oral sex with Smart and his demand that she "  demonstrate sexual activity " in front of Smart , said Mitchell . "  He never expressed any remorse about kidnapping Ms. Smart , did he ? " Prosecutor Francis Viti asked . "  No , " Barzee responded . Barzee said she helped Mitchell in his meticulous preparation for Smart 's abduction , from setting up the bucket that the girl was to use as her bathroom to setting up the tent in which the girl was to be raped . "  I was told that I needed to listen to the plan of my husband , " she said . Asked if that meant she "  needed to be submissive and obey ? " Barzee responded , "  Yes . " Mitchell told her prior to the Smart abduction "  that I needed to take seven wives into my heart and home , " Barzee said , adding that the news upset her greatly . One such attempt involved a fellow church member named Kelly who was eight months pregnant with another man 's child , said Barzee , who added that she agreed to Kelly becoming another wife to Mitchell . Mitchell ultimately ended the marriage with Kelly for reasons that Barzee said were unclear . An attempt to recruit a shoe store worker named Julie to become one of Mitchell 's wives failed , she said . During the winter of 2001 , Mitchell revealed a new divine order , Barzee said . "  We were given the commandment to take young girls , between the ages of 10 to 14 years old . " Mitchell would go downtown to "  minister , " which she said meant to beg , "  and stalk young girls out -- try to find out where they lived . " On June 4 , 2002 , the night of the abduction , she and Mitchell fought , Barzee said . "  I just knew how drastically my life was going to change , " she said , adding that she was "  devastated " by the prospect of taking the girl by force . Barzee , who had taken medication for mental illness prior to marrying Mitchell , said she stopped taking it when they were together at his insistence . She said her biggest fear was losing Mitchell and that she was terrified of being alone . Barzee wept when recounting having been forced by Mitchell to cook her 10-year-old daughter 's pet rabbit and serve it to her . "  Brian had me tell her that it was chicken , " said the mother of six from a previous marriage . Barzee 's testimony came after her husband was escorted from the courtroom after he began singing hymns , as he has been doing throughout the trial . Mitchell faces life in prison if he is convicted of kidnapping and transporting a minor across state lines for sexual purposes . Barzee is being held at a federal medical center in Fort Worth , Texas , where she has been receiving mental health treatment , including medication .	Wanda Barzee says she regrets having succumbed to her husband 's demands Brian Mitchell played to her strong religious beliefs , estranged wife says Witness says she was ordered to cook her daughter 's pet rabbit , then serve it to her
CNN  -- Manchester United confirmed Friday that star striker Wayne Rooney has extended his contract with the club . The new deal , which commits the 28-year-old to Old Trafford until June 2019 , is reported to be worth Â # 300k  $ 500k  per week . The announcement puts an end to months of speculation about Rooney 's future following interest from Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea last summer with further bids expected to come at the end of this season . Not any more . Confirmation that Rooney was staying put can be considered a minor victory for former Everton boss David Moyes following a turbulent first season in charge of United after succeeding Alex Ferguson . "  Wayne has been the best player in England since I put him into the Everton first team in 2003 . Since becoming United manager in July last year , I have enjoyed working with him and seeing just how he has developed his incredible talent , " Moyes said in a statement . "  With his ability , his experience and his desire to succeed , he is a vital part of my plans for the future and I 'm absolutely thrilled he has accepted the challenge . " Moyes has overseen a stuttering league campaign this year with eight losses from 26 games so far leaving United languishing in seventh place . Calamitous exits from both domestic cup competitions have only added to the sense of turmoil . While United are still involved in this year 's Champions League -- they play Greek champions Olympiakos is the first leg of their last 16 tie next Tuesday -- they remain an outside bet to qualify for next season 's competition . In an interview published on his website Friday , Rooney appeared unfazed by this fact saying it was n't "  a massive concern " for him . "  This is because I know the direction that this club is going in , and if we do n't make it this season then we will come back stronger and claim a Champions League spot next season . Let 's not forget we still have a chance this year ... " Rooney also expressed his delight at signing a new contract . "  This is one of the biggest clubs in the world and to know that I will be playing here for the majority of my career is something that I 'm looking forward to . I 'm happy that everything is now finalized and I can carry on concentrating on my football , " he said . Rooney has played 430 games for United and won five Premier League titles and a European Cup since joining from Everton in August 2004 . He is currently fourth on United 's all-time list of top scorers with 208 goals -- 41 short of Bobby Charlton 's mark of 249 .	England striker commits future to Manchester United in deal worth reported $ 500k per week United manager Moyes delighted to keep striker after months of speculation about his future Rooney says missing out on Champions League next season not a "  massive concern "
MNN.com  -- Gwen Sparling and her husband were heading out of town when their cat developed a urinary tract infection that required antibiotics . Their frisky and outgoing feline spent that vacation stuck at a veterinary clinic , leaving Sparling wracked with guilt -- and an idea to help other cat lovers . "  I felt awful that she was in this tiny box designed for cats that are ill , " says Sparling , who opened a cats-only boarding facility called Camp Kitty two years ago in Scottdale , Georgia . "  My dogs had so many options and my cats did n't . " Business was sluggish during the first few months , but now cabins at Camp Kitty welcome a steady stream of felines , including her own . With pet spending on the rise , fueled by growth in the service sector , more businesses are realizing that cat owners have needs , too . PetsHotel , a division of the PetSmart chain , offers overnight care , and a handful of boutique facilities across the country provide discriminating cats with amenities such as private jungle gyms and special treats each night . Prices range from $ 18 for a night in Camp Kitty 's standard cabin to more than $ 50 for a 6-foot-by-6-foot "  Palazzo " at Feline Wishes and Caviar Dreams in San Francisco . If you are planning a trip out of town and need to find boarding options for a particularly finicky or special needs cat , start looking for options now . Sparling says that holiday space goes quickly . Here are a few more insider tips you need to know about cat boarding facilities before scheduling your pet 's vacation . Cats prefer a calm , quiet atmosphere While the third franchise of high-end D Pet Hotels in New York will feature 10,000 square feet of play space for pampered pooches , along with queen-sized beds , 42-inch flat screen TVs and a pint-sized treadmill for dogs to burn excess energy , Sparling says cats do n't require all those bells and whistles . Many actually tend to get anxious in new environments , which can trigger health issues . To keep things calm and establish a regular routine for her four-legged clients , Sparling limits the number of employees who interact with feline guests . She also carefully monitors food intake during the first 24 to 48 hours to ensure that stress is n't getting the best of her clients . MNN.com : Lolcats : Where they came from and why we love them Most cats do not want to mingle Dog daycares and boarding facilities allow pups to frolic in open areas , but Sparling says mixing clients could be catastrophic . Multiple cats from one household may tolerate boarding together , but most cats prefer quiet time alone in cabins outfitted with toys and bedding . "  Cats are n't little dogs -- they are completely different , " she says . "  Cats are more up-front with their body language and saying ` do not cross this line . ' " Sparling says that being high up helps cats feel a bit safer in unfamiliar surroundings . With that in mind , most cabins are built with an emphasis on vertical space in the form of of high perches . Plan to share detailed health info -- and your vet 's phone number Ask prospective cat boarders how they handle emergency health issues and provide contact information for your cat 's veterinarian . Most reputable facilities have a doctor or veterinary technician on call , but Sparling says that reaching your cat 's vet can save valuable time . It also helps to alert your veterinarian about the cat 's mini vacation , just in case . "  I always call the cat 's vet first if there is an issue , " she says . "  The vet has the cat 's records and knows all about the cat . " MNN.com : Common health issues in older cats If your cat is under the weather during its stay , many facilities also will administer medication for an additional fee that ranges from $ 10 to $ 15 . Be sure to list detailed info regarding medication times and dosages . Make sure vaccinations are up to date Even though most cats occupy individual cabins , vaccinations are required at most reputable facilities . Sparling requests proof of vaccination for rabies and distemper prior to the cat 's visit . Ask for referrals , and schedule time to check out facilities Since the business of cat boarding is still relatively new , there are no professional associations guiding the practice . To find a reputable facility in your area , seek referrals from cat-loving friends or call your veterinarian . Also , make time to check out facilities before scheduling your cat 's visit . "  Watch the staff and how they interact with cats currently in boarding , " Sparling says . "  See the current boarders . Are they stressed out ? " MNN.com : How do I find a place to board my pet ? Since some boarding facilities handle cats and dogs , carefully observe the intake process , especially if your cat has spent little or no time around dogs . Even if it 's not required , make sure your pet arrives in a travel carrier to avoid any issues during check-in . Prepare to bribe your cat for the time away Even with the most gregarious cat , boarding can be stressful . Take time to prepare your feline for time away from home by practicing the process of entering and exiting its travel carrier . In a previous column , pet expert Victoria Stilwell offers tips to make traveling to the vet with cats less stressful for people and pets . Once your beloved feline returns to the castle , prepare for days -- and possibly weeks -- of bribery to get back on its good side . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Camp Kitty owner : My dogs had more options than my cats Cats do n't require bells and whistles , they prefer solitude Ask prospective cat boarders how they handle emergencies
CNN  -- The Beverly Hills Hotel has been a haven for Hollywood 's elite since 1912 -- two years before the City of Beverly Hills was even created . But now some stars are rushing for the exits . On Monday , a number of celebrities took part in a demonstration across from the famed Sunset Boulevard lodge , protesting not the hotel but its ownership -- an investment group controlled by the Sultan of Brunei . In late April , the small Muslim nation on the northern coast of the island of Borneo implemented Sharia law , marked by strong punishments for those found guilty of homosexuality or adultery -- including stoning the convicted to death . The law was praised by the sultan , who is n't just the country 's ruler but also a major political and cultural figure . "  We 're just making people aware , " Jay Leno , who was among the demonstrators , told CNN . "  It 's not a political issue . This is not something that 's debatable . ... It 's people being stoned to death , " he said . A number of organizations have moved -- or threatened to move -- events scheduled for the hotel . The Los Angeles Times reported that the Feminist Majority Foundation moved its Global Women 's Rights Awards from the Beverly Hills Hotel to the Hammer Museum in nearby Westwood . The awards , which were held Monday night , are co-chaired by Leno and his wife , Mavis . The International Women 's Media Foundation similarly pulled its Courage in Journalism Awards ceremony from the venue . "  We , the IWMF , can no longer hold an event at a venue whose owner stands for the violation of the very human rights we fight for , " Elisa Lees Munoz , executive director of the IWMF , said in a statement . Also saying they 're staying away , according to the Los Angeles Times : The Hollywood Reporter 's annual Women in Entertainment breakfast , the Motion Picture & Television Fund 's Night Before the Oscars and a fundraising luncheon hosted by Teen Line , a peer helpline . Moreover , such notables as Ellen DeGeneres and mogul Richard Branson have announced they wo n't patronize the hotel or other properties in the Dorchester Collection of luxury hotels , which owns and manages the Beverly Hills Hotel and the Hotel Bel-Air . "  I wo n't be visiting the Hotel Bel-Air or the Beverly Hills Hotel until this is resolved , " DeGeneres tweeted to her 28.8 million followers . Leno said he was well aware of the concerns . "  I know a number of people are canceling events at the hotel , and it 's all economics , " he told CNN . But Christopher Cowdray , the Dorchester Collection 's CEO , said the celebrities and groups protesting are taking out their anger on the wrong place . "  The actions they 're taking are unfounded , " he said . "  It 's going to hurt our employees and this has nothing to do with them whatsoever , " he said . "  It 's not their fight . " The sultan has owned the Beverly Hills Hotel since 1987 . The Dorchester Collection was established in 1996 to oversee that hotel and others in its luxury portfolio , including the Hotel Bel-Air , Paris ' Plaza Athenee and London 's Dorchester . Cowdray said that celebrities wanting to influence politics in Brunei would be better off lobbying the U.S. State Department to take action . At a briefing Monday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said , "  We have very serious concerns . " The City of Beverly Hills is also making its opinion known . Mayor Lili Bosse is introducing a resolution before City Council that would urge the sultan to divest his interest in the hotel that bears the city 's name . "  We have a history of standing strong against injustice , " she said . Like Leno , she emphasized that the issue was n't the hotel , but what was going on in Brunei . "  The resolution is not a call for a boycott of the Beverly Hills Hotel , " she said . "  This is really a focus on the government and their laws and not a statement about the hotel . " CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this story .	NEW : Organizations have moved -- or threatened to move -- scheduled events Beverly Hills Hotel finds itself part of celeb protests Demonstrations are against laws of Brunei ; sultan owns hotel Brunei recently instituted Sharia law , includes stoning penalties for adultery , homosexuality
CNN  -- Seth Rogen and James Franco do not amuse North Korea whose president Kim Jong Un is apparently livid over the October release of "  The Interview , " a comedy starring Rogen and Franco as TV people trying to score an interview with Kim , but are recruited by the CIA to take the president out . Seriously , folks : Is this comedy really supposed to be an "  act of war , " as a spokesman for the North Korean foreign ministry contends in a letter to the United Nations ? Does it constitute grounds for what the statement warns will be "  a decisive and merciless countermeasure " against the United States ? Would it surprise you to know that these vitriolic reactions against a movie come from people who have n't seen the whole movie , but come by their assertions from watching the trailer ... and only the trailer ? Of course it would n't . Even in the U.S. , there are humorless citizens who want to ban books based on nothing more than jacket blurbs . But this saber-rattling is well , kind of extreme . Can anything be done to pull us from the brink ? Maybe ... just maybe ... there 's somebody who can save the day , someone who can do the world a solid . One man ... one unlikely man ... Let 's make that a very unlikely man . ... And let 's now imagine  only imagine  the following exchange in the president 's home entertainment center , where the leader of North Korea has just finished screening the trailer for "  The Interview " for this unlikely hero , this very good Friend of Kim 's  FOK  : KIM JONG UN : Well ? DENNIS RODMAN  rubbing his eyes from beneath his dark glasses  : Well , what , man ? KIM JONG UN : What do you think ? Should I declare war over this ? DENNIS RODMAN : Hey , man , I du n no ... I mean , if it was me , I 'd stay in Miami with Riley , but if LeBron wants to go ... KIM JONG UN : What ? No ... NO ! I 'm not talking about LeBron James ! DENNIS RODMAN : Good . Cause I 'm sick of hearing about him . So what you wan na go to war over ? KIM JONG UN : THIS ! This ... movie which insults me , tells people I speak dolphin and do n't urinate ... DENNIS RODMAN : Oh , snap !  giggling  Yeah , I remember that line . Now , where did I hear that anyway ? KIM JONG UN :  barely containing himself  : Just NOW ! I showed you this trailer for "  The Interview , " it 's ... DENNIS RODMAN : You mean that was n't the whole movie ? Damn . Pretty funny , anyway ... . KIM JONG UN : Funny ? You think it 's funny these decadent Americans want to kill me ? DENNIS RODMAN :  peering around the room  What 's funny is I do n't see any guns pointed at you , brother ... You see my drink anywhere ? KIM JONG UN :  indignant , raging  This movie threatens my life . And if it threatens my life , it threatens the people of North Korea ... DENNIS RODMAN : C'mon , man , turn down the volume . I 've seen these cats in movies before . The people they play are too messed up to do anything straight . And if there 's anything I know about , it 's about being messed up . KIM JONG UN : THIS IS MY LIFE , NOT YOURS !! I 'LL ... DENNIS RODMAN : What you need to do , Kim , is take this mess over for yourself . You got to make the bad publicity work FOR you . They 've been saying all kinds of mess about me for years and I let it roll off me . I even let them think I 'm in on the joke by doing ads and comedy sketches and stuff against me . Hell , it it 'd been me , I 'd have asked for points as soon as they bought the script . KIM JONG UN :  bewildered , still seething  I do n't understand you ... DENNIS RODMAN : That 's it exactly , bro . Nobody does . And I make it work for me . I do n't even know what I 'm doing half the time . And do n't care either . KIM JONG UN : Sooo ... how do I do this ? "  Own " this thing like you say ... . DENNIS RODMAN : I du n no . You could do your own trailer and make it about your own self or , maybe ... threaten reprisals or something like that ... . KIM JONG UN : I. . . just did that ... . DENNIS RODMAN : Well , there it is , K . You just delivered a whole buncha tickets to those dudes . They got ta give you points now . KIM JONG UN : Points ... like in basketball ... . DENNIS RODMAN : Do n't ask me . I only do rebounds . You sure you did n't take my drink away ?	A new American comedy about North Korea has upset president Kim Jong Un Gene Seymour : Seriously , folks , can a comedy really be an "  act of war " ? He says maybe Dennis Rodman can talk Kim out of his anger Seymour : Let 's imagine what Kim and Rodman would say to each other
CNN  -- Syrian state TV aired Saturday what it said was a confession by citizen journalist Ali Mahmoud Othman , who activists say was arrested in March after he helped foreign journalists escape from the besieged city of Homs . Othman helped run a media center in Baba Amr area of Homs , which provided information to international news media during a months-long crackdown on the civilian neighborhood by government forces . Reporters Without Borders , the journalist watchdog group , said last month it was "  extremely concerned " for the life of Othman after his detention . Othman was transferred to Damascus two days after his arrest by the intelligence services in Aleppo on March 28 , the group said . Activists fear he may have been subjected to torture in detention . Rafiq Lutf , described as a Syrian media researcher , told the state TV program he had spoken to Othman for seven hours uninterrupted , all of it videotaped . His subject states his name is "  Ali Othman aka Al-Jid from Baba Amr of Homs . I work as photography director and live streaming with Khalid Abu Salah at the media center . I communicate with the satellite channels , on top of them Al Jazeera , Arabiya , CNN , BBC , Sky News and Turkish channel TRT . " In the interview Othman describes how the media operation was set up in Baba Amr , and talks about demonstrations and the role of armed groups . It is unclear under what circumstances the interview was taped . But Heather Blake , UK representative for Reporters Without Borders , said : "  Research by our organization and many other organizations indicates that many human rights defenders who are detained have been shown to give false confessions under much duress and torture . "  We would advise anyone watching this to be very aware of that fact . The fact that Othman was arrested after committing no crime would suggest that he is speaking under duress . " Reporters Without Borders calls for Othman 's release and for justice to be served , Blake said . Foreign news outlets have been severely limited during the government 's bloody year-long crackdown against protesters . Critics say that the government has been dutifully working to stifle such independent reporting . Amateur videographers and news reporters dubbed "  citizen journalists " have braved violence to undermine the government 's news coverage restrictions . They have helped those international journalists who were able to sneak into Syria and report . And they have produced videos , photos and print reports every day that bear witness to the brutal crackdown . Those reports have helped news outlets around the world tell the story of the violence . Speaking shortly after Othman 's arrest , Paul Conroy , a British photographer who was injured in the Baba Amr offensive , said the regime was taking steps "  to ensure that independent reporting becomes impossible . " He said Othman helped him escape from Baba Amr , hammered for weeks by the military until resistance fighters retreated . Activists say other parts of the city continue to be shelled . "  After the attack and treatment of the wounded he played a significant role in assisting in our escape from Baba Amr . All our efforts must now be concentrated on saving his life . If it was n't for him , no Western media would have been able to work in Baba Amr and bear witness to the slaughter of the civilian population , " Conroy said . The team that worked with Othman in Baba Amr has been pushing for the release of Othman and other detained activists . Reporters Without Borders has also called for their release . "  Citizen journalists whose only crimes are to have witnessed , filmed and photographed acts of violence by a regime that persists in its deadly folly are being hunted down , arrested , tortured and murdered , " the group said in a statement last month . "  We hold the Syrian authorities responsible for whatever may happen to them . The regime is more determined than ever to suppress all information about its crackdown . Syria has become a hell for both professional and citizen journalists . " A peace plan brokered by international envoy Kofi Annan last month calls on Syria to ensure freedom of movement for journalists in the country . An apparent violation occurred this week when Sky News , a British broadcaster , said Syrian officials confiscated a television camera after a crew filmed an impromptu protest in Damascus . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Abu Othman may well have been speaking under duress , Reporters Without Borders says Citizen journalist Ali Mahmoud Othman helped foreign journalists in the city of Homs Activists fear Othman may have been tortured since he was detained in March Foreign news outlets have been severely restricted in reporting on Syria 's yearlong crackdown
CNN  -- A massive dock , possibly debris from the March 2011 tsunami that struck Japan , has washed ashore in Washington state 's Olympic National Park . A U.S. Coast Guard helicopter spotted the dock Tuesday along a remote section of the park 's coast , the Washington State Marine Debris Task Force said . Authorities were trying to reach the dock by ground Wednesday to determine whether it was tsunami debris and whether it harbors invasive species that could harm the area . The National Park Service has closed the beach in the area to the public . The Coast Guard had been searching for the dock since Friday , when a fishing vessel spotted it adrift in the ocean . Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire thanked the Coast Guard for finding the dock . "  They were out in challenging conditions looking for a needle in a haystack , and they found it , " she said in a statement . If the dock is confirmed as tsunami debris , it would be the second to wash ashore in the Pacific Northwest this year . In June , a 66-foot-long dock turned up near Agate Beach , Oregon . In September , a 50-foot-long dock was spotted off the Hawaiian islands of Maui and Molokai . Alaska has seen much debris from the tsunami wash up on its beaches this year .	Dock lands on Olympic National Park beach in Washington state Park Service closes beach as crews try to reach remote site Large dock from Japan also washed up in Oregon this year
New York  CNN  -- An attorney for Steven Slater , the JetBlue flight attendant who made headlines in August when he deployed a plane 's emergency chute and walked off the job , indicated in court Tuesday that discussions about a possible plea agreement with prosecutors were under way . "  We look forward to resolving this matter amicably with the district attorney , " said Daniel Horwitz , Slater 's attorney . "  Mr. Slater wants to get on with his life , and that 's why he resigned from his job voluntarily . " District Attorney Richard Brown said his office is considering "  an alternative sentencing program , at the defendant 's request , representing the fact that he recognizes the seriousness of this event . " "  His actions could have led to serious injury , or get someone killed -- and passengers would have been alarmed , " Assistant District Attorney Ben Mantell told the judge . However , he added , "  We are interested in counsel 's request " to discuss a plea bargain . Brown also criticized what he called the trivial manner in which the media depicted the event . "  This was a serious incident ... the estimated cost of replacing the chute is $ 25,000 , and the disruption to air travel was considerable . " Brown said his office would consider requiring Slater to enter anger management and alcohol/drug abuse counseling programs as part of a plea agreement . "  Nothing is off the table , " Brown asserted , including possible jail time . Slater , who wore a blue suit and stood at attention at the defense table , will return to court October 19 . He faces felony charges of reckless endangerment and criminal mischief along with the offense of criminal trespass . If convicted , he could face a maximum of seven years in prison . Slater has pleaded not guilty to the charges . The flight attendant became a hero to some after the August incident when , authorities said , he grabbed some beer and triggered an inflatable emergency chute to leave a plane at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport , reportedly after arguing with a passenger . As of Tuesday morning , the still-popular Slater had amassed more than 210,000 "  fans " on a public Facebook page . The drama on Slater 's last flight may have started well before takeoff . "  A number of passengers were competing for overhead carry-on luggage areas , " said attorney Howard Turman , a Legal Aid lawyer initially representing Slater , last month . "  With great difficulty , they were shoving the bags around , attempting to get it in . Steven came over to assist and either the bag or the overhead -LSB- bin door -RSB- hit him in the head and at that point he suffered an injury . " Turman has also said a woman "  started cursing and -- based on the information -- slammed the overhead luggage bin on his head . " After various exchanges with the woman and a crew member , some passengers said , Slater used the plane 's public address system for a farewell message that included profanity , and grabbed some beer from the beverage cart before deploying the emergency slide and leaving . Turman has sharply denied a JetBlue passenger 's assertion that the flight attendant instigated the confrontation . JetBlue removed Slater from duty following the incident and launched an internal investigation . Though many had already thought Slater 's fate with JetBlue had been sealed , over the weekend the airline officially announced that Slater no longer worked for the airline . Airline spokeswoman Jenny Dervin told CNN on Saturday that the separation occurred last week , but declined to elaborate on how Slater and the company parted ways . Horwitz said his client resigned his position . CNN 's Hussein Saddique , Allan Chernoff and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : DA says Slater may have to attend counseling in deal Steven Slater appeared in court Tuesday Slater became famous for leaving a plane by the emergency chute That departure was reportedly sparked by an argument with a passenger
