Editor 's note : Watch "  The Situation Room " at 5 p.m. ET Tuesday for more from CNN 's Brooke Baldwin about the dog rescue . Authorities raided a residence in Laurens County , Georgia , and found dogs scarred and malnourished . LAURENS COUNTY , Georgia  CNN  -- It was 8 a.m. October 15 . Our CNN crew had been up for a while , waiting . We still did n't have an address . My producer , Susan Brown , and I had several questions : What would the living conditions of these dogs be like ? What about the man whose door the Sheriff 's Office was about to knock on ? He was unaware of the raid that was about to occur in his backyard . Despite all of our planning , unknown variables were at play . First stop was the Sheriff 's Office in Laurens County , which is in central Georgia . Starting with information from a tip line , authorities had uncovered clues that led them to believe they needed to intervene and investigate . The plan was this : The sheriff would drive to the property to execute the search warrant for particular objects generally associated with dogfighting , and for the dogs themselves . Watch the dog raid unfold " Expressing concerns about the conditions at this private residence where dogs were suspected of being bred for dogfighting , Laurens County Sheriff Bill Harrell said , "  If anything is going wrong , we want to get it stopped . " Private investigators with Norred and Associates Inc. will work alongside Harrell and his deputies , leading tactical teams . The teams were made up of veteran investigators donating their time , effort and expertise , along with volunteers of the Dublin-Laurens County Humane Society , who would collect and care for the dogs . All of the team members had experience with animals , particularly pit bulls . Based on information from the tip line , they were starting the day prepared to find as many as 60 dogs chained up in the woods behind one man 's house in East Dublin , Georgia . These men and women waited , braced for battle -- only the war they were waging was on animal cruelty . "  I want to thank everybody for coming . It 's for a good thing . It 's for the dogs . " Chuck Simmons , a private investigator and former police chief , was mapping out the search area on a dry erase board . He was warning his crew about snakes , water from recent rains and nonsocialized dogs . After loading up crates on several trucks , everyone headed out . With the address of the raid location in hand , our crew joined a convoy of half a dozen cars down several rural roads to our final location . We arrived at a one-story ranch house with several acres of grounds . The sheriff beat us there . He and his deputies were already roping off this man 's front yard with yellow crime tape . Rollin Monta "  Monty " Loyd , the property owner , appeared furious . As the teams moved into the woods behind his home , our crew was stuck in front and across the street . We could not go on the property to get the shots we wanted , because that would be trespassing . We could n't see the dogs , but we could hear them . The private investigators , who were part of the raid , videotaped the operation . Half an hour into the raid , reports began to come in . The good news : The dogs were still there ; news of the raid had n't leaked . The bad news : There were n't 60 dogs , as anticipated ; there were more . The final count was 97 . Most of the dogs were pit bull terriers ; many were puppies . They were found cowering in cages or chained . Some older dogs were scarred -- possible signs of fighting , investigators said . Others were malnourished , simply skin and bone . Their conditions were atrocious , according to Terry Wolf of the Dublin-Laurens County Humane Society . "  Their chains are too short to reach shelter , those who have shelter . The water that they have seems to be recent rainwater with algae in it , and I 've seen no food bowls . Most of them are very timid , " Wolf said . "  They seem to be human-friendly , but they 're attention starved , and they 're definitely not socialized . You can tell they 've been living hidden in the woods , out of sight . " Irene Sumner , director of the Dublin-Laurens County Humane Society , talked through tears , overcome before the count had been completed . She told us about a puppy found dead and tossed aside into a used plastic bag . "  I would n't do that to anybody . How can they -- what do you need 80-plus dogs for ? There 's no reason for it . It would be totally different if it was a kennel situation where they were housed , fed , vetted , all of the above . We do n't know all of the information on that yet , but you can visually see that that 's not the case here , " Sumner said . The Sheriff 's Office says no evidence of dogfighting or training was found on the property , but veterinarians will examine the dogs for any physical signs of fighting . Test results will take several days . As volunteers continued to count dogs and buzzards circled overhead , property owner Loyd waited out front with members of his family . He was angry . CNN tried to speak to him , to give him a chance to tell his side of the story . He did n't want to talk . Instead , he shouted to go see his lawyer . When reached , Loyd 's attorney said : "  My client has not participated in dogfighting and is not charged with dogfighting . " Loyd was arrested and charged with animal cruelty . Neighbors and family members whom CNN spoke with came to his defense , saying Loyd loved the dogs and they were bred to be pets . The founder and CEO of the private investigation firm heading up this raid is n't buying it . Since the story broke about NFL player Michael Vick 's dogfighting ring , Greg Norred has been donating his firm 's time and expertise and his own money to rescuing dogs . "  I 'm an animal lover . I 've always been an animal lover . And in the wake of the Michael Vick case , I always thought there might be something I could do about animal cruelty , and with the type of business that I 'm in and the resources that I have , it seems like dogfighting is the best vehicle that I can use to do something about animal cruelty . " In the past two years , Norred 's team has volunteered for at least 16 raids . They 've helped put 20 people behind bars and saved 200 dogs . Make that almost 300 after this most recent raid . Several hours into the raid , the first group of dogs was transported from the woods to an undisclosed location . A CNN crew was allowed to go but could shoot only from inside this building . Investigators feared that if there were any identifiable marks outside the property , someone might recognize it and steal the dogs . Authorities could n't take that chance . But they did allow video of some of the dogs from inside the cages . They had taken many puppies , which looked helpless . Volunteers feared one puppy would n't make it through the night . The next step for these dogs is to determine which ones are healthy enough to possibly be adopted . Some , sadly , wo n't share that fate . They 'll have to be put down .	The plan : Laurens County sheriff would execute search warrant on home The claim : dogs at private residence allegedly bred to fight Authorities find : Almost 100 dogs chained , some malnourished , others scarred
Tokyo  CNN  -- Embassies from more than two dozen countries have either closed down or moved operations to cities south of Tokyo since the March 11 earthquake and the resulting nuclear crisis in northern Japan , the country 's Foreign Ministry said Wednesday . "  There are 25 embassies which either temporary shut down or moved its function outside of Tokyo , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hidenori Sobashima told CNN . Seven of those 25 have moved to cities such as Osaka , Hiroshima and Kobe , Sobashima said . Those closing or moving included embassies from five European countries , including Germany and Switzerland ; 14 African countries , including Kenya , Nigeria and Ghana ; and four from Latin America . The news came as Japanese authorities reported that radioactive iodine had turned up in the capital 's tap water at levels above those considered safe for infants . Tokyo 's water agency said the likely source was the quake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , 240 kilometers  150 miles  to the north . The news sparked a run on bottled water in Tokyo despite calls by government officials to avoid hoarding . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Japan 's Foreign Ministry said 25 missions have shut down or left Tokyo The embassies are largely from European , African and Latin American countries
MAMONI VALLEY PRESERVE , Panama  CNN  -- A famed primatologist says the plight of chimpanzees helped inspire Michael Jackson to write the song "  Heal the World . " Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees , said Jane Goodall : "  They made him smile . " But the theme and the lyrics of the song turned out to be about a better world for humanity . "  He wrote what he told me he thought was his most powerful song ever , but it did n't end up for animals , " Jane Goodall said in a CNN interview Thursday night . Goodall spoke exclusively to CNN in a Panamanian rain forest where she is exploring a partnership on behalf of Roots & Shoots , her global youth education program . The interview comes as a new version of the song , first released on Jackson 's 1991 "  Dangerous " album , is being recorded by a collection of artists for release in late October . Goodall became friends with Jackson about 20 years ago when he invited her to his Neverland Ranch , where "  he talked about his dreams for the place to have animals running , looking free like they would in the wild . ... It was just a very charming day , very low key , nobody else was there , " she said . Goodall , famous for her 50 years of groundbreaking research on chimpanzees in Africa , said Jackson invited her because "  he loved what I did . " "  He loved chimpanzees , " she said . "  He loved to watch them feeding . He liked their faces . They made him smile . " Years later , she met Jackson 's chimp , Bubbles , and has visited him at his retirement refuge in Florida , she said . "  He 's extremely handsome , " she said . "  He 's a beautiful , beautiful chimp . So , he was rescued in time from this life of being inappropriately dressed up and carted around like a little symbol . " Goodall , whose life has been spent understanding chimpanzees , said she found Jackson to be "  a sad person . " "  In some ways , he was like a child , and a very sweet and gentle child , and he wanted me to tell him many , many stories , " she said . "  Stories about the chimpanzees , the forests , animals , anything . He told me he liked the way I told stories . " Goodall , who travels the world to promote protection of endangered chimps , said she had hoped Jackson would help get her message out . "  I said to him , ` You know , Michael , if you want to help , you could do a concert and give us a percentage . Or much better , write a song , ' " she said . Jackson asked her for tapes of animals in distress because "  he wanted to be angry and cry " as he wrote the song , which became "  Heal the World , " she said . The original CD cover notes credited Goodall for inspiring the song , she said . But , she added , the Jane Goodall Institute never saw any money from the song . Jackson later created the "  Heal the World Foundation , " which he funded with a series of concerts . The group delivered millions of dollars of relief to children around the world .	Jane Goodall says Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees Jackson wrote "  Heal the World " to call attention to chimpanzees ' problems Song became a call to peace for humanity Goodall said she found Jackson to be a "  sad person "
CNN  -- The first wave of India 's 814 million eligible voters cast their ballots in the remote northeastern states of Assam and Tripura Monday , as the largest election in world history got underway . Any time the world 's most populous democracy goes to the polls , it 's a momentous undertaking . But with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh stepping aside after a decade in charge , analysts say voting will take on an even greater significance this time around , with the country potentially poised on the cusp of a new political era . Amid widespread public concern over corruption , rising inflation and slowing economic growth , voters face a choice between the young scion of India 's most powerful political dynasty , and a populist , business-minded Hindu nationalist who is described as at once India 's most popular and most divisive politician . "  This election is a battle of ideologies , it 's a battle for  the  kind of India we want , " declared 43-year-old Congress Party candidate Rahul Gandhi -- whose great-grandfather , grandmother and father have all served as prime minister -- in a recent speech . The outcome of the election , which will be held in stages over five weeks -- employing 11 million polling and security personnel and absorbing an estimated $ 5 billion in campaigning costs -- may have stark ramifications for India 's identity at home and abroad . By the Numbers : The world 's biggest exercise in democracy Modi rides high After a decade of coalition government led by the secular , center-left Congress Party  INC  , which has ruled for most of the post-independence era , support is soaring for India 's other major political party . Polling suggests a strong swing to the center-right , Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  , with a recent survey by the Pew Research Center finding voters preferred the BJP to lead the next government by a margin of more than three to one . The party 's support has been boosted by the immense popularity of prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi , 63-year-old Chief Minister of the western state of Gujarat . Nearly 80 % of those surveyed by Pew had a positive view of Modi , with 60 % describing their impressions of him as very favorable .  By comparison , 50 % held positive views of Gandhi , with just 23 % giving "  very favorable " responses . WATCH : India heads to the polls Modi 's reputation as a tough , "  can-do " administrator rests largely on his record in charge of Gujarat since 2001 , a state whose economic success is often cited as an example for the rest of the country . The BJP 's economic model under Modi , focusing on infrastructure , urbanization and eradicating red tape , contrasts sharply with the traditional approach of the Congress Party , whose focus on promoting inclusive growth involves a raft of welfare schemes . Dilip Dutta , director of the South Asian Studies Group at the University of Sydney , said Modi 's model was widely seen as offering better prospects of economic development , particularly by the young voters tipped to play a key role in the election . About 100 million voters will be eligible to vote for the first time in 2014 . "  They 're getting some hope that perhaps Modi can steer the economy in the right direction so that they can get more in terms of job opportunities and economic growth , " he said . "  These young voters are exposed through electronic media to the whole world , and have a dream of moving forward -- not lagging behind as their fathers and grandfathers have for decades . " Mohan Guruswamy , a political analyst at Delhi 's Center for Policy Alternatives , likens Modi 's economic vision for a "  right-wing , authoritarian corporate state " as closer to the model in China -- India 's neighboring superpower whose rapid economic ascent is eyed enviously from the subcontinent , where GDP growth has dropped below 5 % . A Hindu nationalist at the helm ? In contrast to the Congress Party 's secularism , Modi is also notable as a Hindu nationalist -- a position that resonates with large swathes of an increasingly confident , assertive electorate , but gives pause to some among the country 's religious minorities . "  Internationally , he would be a little more hardline on everything -- Pakistan , China , America . Indian interests would be aggressively asserted , " said Guruswamy . "  It plays well with the electorate , the new generation coming up that 's educated by the Internet -- they tend to be right-wing nerds . " Their nationalist perspective , he said , was informed by "  a sense of victimhood , that we 've been victimized by foreigners -- by Muslim invaders , Christian invaders . " But for all the excitement around Modi , he comes with plenty of detractors . Chief among them are those who question his suitability to lead a country as diverse as India . In particular , his track record with India 's 180 million-strong Muslim community , the country 's second largest religious group , has come under scrutiny . Less than a year after Modi assumed office in Gujarat in late 2001 , the state was wracked with anti-Muslim violence , in which more than 1000 people , mostly Muslims , were killed . Modi was criticized for not doing enough to halt the violence , accusations he has denied . The U.S. State Department denied Modi a visa in 2005 over the issue , but last month said it would welcome Modi to the United States if he wins . READ MORE : 11 things to know about the Indian elections The effectiveness of his much-vaunted "  Modinomics " formula in Gujarat has also been brought into question , with claims his influence has been overhyped . "  There is no ` Gujarat model , ' and there are other states with faster economic growth , " says Guruswamy . Many feel that economic development in the state has been unequally distributed , and not matched with corresponding gains in human development , he said . Modi 's style of leadership -- perceived as decisive by admirers , as autocratic by detractors -- is also seen by some as ill-suited for the nation 's top office . "  It 's not a place where you can press buttons -- you have to work with people , " said Guruswamy , who knows Modi personally . "  The prime minister of India has to be the supreme conciliator , reconciling the aspirations and demands of thousands of groups . It 's not like China where you can turn off Weibo one day -- you ca n't be autocratic or they 'll cut you out . " Gandhi : A prime minister-in-waiting ? Yet any misgivings about Modi have so far failed to buoy the prospects of the Congress candidate Rahul Gandhi . With an unparalleled political pedigree as the son of assassinated former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi and the Italy-born Congress Party president Sonia Gandhi , the 43-year-old has long been viewed as a prime minister-in-waiting . But his chances have been hampered by widespread voter displeasure with the Congress-led coalition government over high inflation , slowing economic growth and a run of corruption scandals , says Dutta . For all Gandhi 's youth , his party is seen as the old order , with Modi widely viewed as providing the alternative to the status quo , says Guruswamy . "  I do n't think Gandhi is in the game , " he said . "  He 's seen as undeserving , his mother 's son . How many generations can you pull along like this ? I think people are getting tired of it , " he said . In contrast to what Guruswamy described as Modi 's "  relentless drive to become prime minister , " questions have been asked whether Gandhi possesses a genuine desire to lead , while his personal style has failed to excite voters . "  Like somebody said , he 's got the charisma of cold pizza , " said Guruswamy . Anti-corruption platform While both parties pledge to target corruption , said Guruswamy , a lack of public confidence in either to effectively address the problem has paved the way for a new political force to enter the fray . Formed in late 2012 , the Aam Aadmi  Common Man  Party , led by former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal , won an unexpected 28 of 70 seats in the Delhi Assembly in 2013 . Contesting its first general election , it will be fielding more candidates than either major party . Guruswamy said the anti-corruption party could prove to have some longevity . "  They 're going to flag the agenda , they 're making their presence felt this time around , " said Guruswamy . "  By the time the next election comes around , they 'll be a big force . " Dutta said a long-term commitment would be required to make any progress in tackling India 's entrenched , endemic corruption problem . "  I wish  Kejriwal  will be able to succeed -- but it wo n't be overnight , " he said . CNN 's Sumnima Udas and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	India 's general election will take five weeks and is the biggest election in history 814 million -- more than combined populations of the U.S. and Western Europe -- are eligible to vote The race pits a controversial but popular Hindu nationalist against a member of Nehru-Gandhi dynasty Analysts are describing the vote as India 's most significant in decades
CNN  -- Lupita Nyong ' o is one of Glamour magazine 's Women of the Year . That 's no surprise to most people : The actress won an Oscar for "  12 Years a Slave " this year and has been popping up on "  best dressed " and "  most beautiful " lists ever since . Lupita : A Cinderella for everybody Nevertheless , she tells the magazine that the attention she 's received has been overwhelming . "  Right now I 'm still adjusting . I guess I feel catapulted into a different place ; I have a little whiplash , " she said . "  I did have a dream to be an actress , but I did n't think about being famous . And I have n't yet figured out how to be a celebrity ; that 's something I 'm learning , and I wish there were a course on how to handle it . " She could n't even imagine what winning the Oscar would be like , she observed . "  I do n't think I will ever be able to really articulate how bizarre it was to hear my name at the Academy Awards . I 'd watched in my pajamas the year before ! " she said . "  I felt numb -- dazed and confused . I remember feeling light -- weightless . More like limbo than cloud nine . " The Oscar has helped launch her career into the stratosphere . Nyong ' o has big things ahead , including next year 's "  Star Wars " movie . But the actress , who was born in Mexico of Kenyan parents , mentions that it was n't always so . For her , Oprah Winfrey was n't just a role model but a "  reference point , " and seeing Winfrey and Whoopi Goldberg in "  The Color Purple " was key to her belief that she could become successful . She hopes she can have the same effect on people who see her . "  I 've heard people talk about images in popular culture changing , and that makes me feel great , because it means that the little girl I was , once upon a time , has an image to instill in her that she is beautiful , that she is worthy , " she said . "  Until I saw people who looked like me , doing the things I wanted to , I was n't so sure it was a possibility . " The December issue of Glamour hits newsstands November 11 .	Lupita Nyong ' o is named one of Glamour 's Women of the Year The actress won an Oscar for "  12 Years a Slave " She 's still getting used to celebrity She wants to be a role model for women
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan  CNN  -- The office of Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas has a bank of six flat-screen televisions covering most of one wall , showing all the main international English-language news channels , and several local ones besides . Major General Athar Abbas addresses a news conference in Rawalpindi on April 28 , 2009 . This is one of the rooms where Pakistan 's media war is being fought , and Abbas , the Pakistan army 's main spokesman , is a key part of the battle . I kid with him that CNN is n't among the channels on his screens , and he seems slightly hurt , insisting it is . He 's right and I 'm wrong -- CNN was on a commercial break . In fact , I rather get the impression Abbas , who has become the face of the army 's operation against Taliban militants in the Swat Valley , watches our coverage closely . One of his subordinates complains about one of our reports -- not the accuracy , but something in the general tone . Perhaps CNN has been just a little too questioning of the army 's daily press releases , which claim hundreds of enemy fighters killed , and tightly controlled media trips . Whatever Abbas thinks of CNN , he is more than willing to explain how the Pakistan army sees the broad picture as it fights in the Swat Valley . The current conflict there is intricately linked to the situation in Afghanistan , in his view . He sees Swat as a political problem , which can only be partially solved by military intervention . He claims many of the Taliban 's arms are coming across the border from Afghanistan . I ask if that includes NATO weapons , as suggested in recent reports , and he agrees . He says Washington is too focused on the safety of Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal . The United States should "  stop worrying about the nukes and start worrying about the weapons lost in Afghanistan , " he says . A U.S. government report last month warned that the Pentagon did not have "  complete records " for about one-third of the 242,000 weapons the United States had provided to the Afghan army , or for a further 135,000 weapons other countries sent . The Afghan army "  can not fully safeguard and account for weapons , " the Government Accountability Office found . I ask how well armed the Taliban are , and he says they are "  very well equipped from the border area . " He also conspiratorially suggests they also are getting weapons and support from "  foreign intelligence agencies . " When I ask what that means , he smiles and says he ca n't elaborate -- declining to repeat the speculation in the press here that India , Pakistan 's traditional rival , may be somehow involved in stirring up trouble on Pakistan 's northwestern border . India denies that . But the very suggestion plays to a military strategist 's nightmare scenario -- the Pakistan army bogged down in the northwest , unable to focus on the disputed province of Kashmir , a key element of its conflict with India . The military wants to get done in Swat as soon as possible , but the general acknowledges its troops will be there for some time . He estimates that 10 to 15 percent of the Taliban there are foreign fighters : "  Well-trained Arabs , Afghans , with a sprinkling of central Asians and North Africans . " He also says there are Yemenis , Saudis and Uzbeks fighting , as Pakistan has become the destination du jour of the international jihadist , with Arabs in commanding positions and the other foreign fighters bringing in expertise . He thinks that perhaps Mingora , the main town at the gateway to the Swat Valley , may be secured in 48 hours , but it may be much , much longer before the area is totally pacified . "  First you have to disarm the Taliban and then re-establish the writ of government , " he says . He admits that Swat and neighboring Bajur Districts "  were lost to the state " and that now "  we are paying in blood for areas we had already occupied . " Now , he says , the army is set for a long fight . "  We are prepared for that -- we are mentally prepared . " But they are also prepared for the conflict to be taken to other parts of Pakistan . A building belonging to the country 's powerful intelligence agency , the ISI , was bombed in Lahore this week . The Taliban claimed they carried out the attack and Abbas says the security services expect more attacks . Just hours after I left him , his fears were confirmed , as details came in of more bombings in Peshawar . And then there is also the risk of the Taliban using the mass exodus of civilians from the Swat Valley as cover to penetrate other towns and cities . Already almost 3 million people have flooded out of what was once a tranquil tourist destination , and the military fears that among the mass movement of humanity there will be those plotting to strike at the heart of Pakistan 's cities . "  It 's a very big issue -- a serious concern , " Abbas says . He describes the conflict in Swat as "  an existential threat " -- a fight for the very existence of Pakistan in its current form . And he seems acutely aware that the portrayal of that conflict to the West will be critical .	Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas says Taliban 's arms coming across border from Afghanistan He says Washington is too focused on the safety of Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal He considers conflict in Swat a fight for the existence of Pakistan in its current form He seems acutely aware that the portrayal of that conflict to the West will be critical
CNN  -- Jennifer Aniston is getting married and this seems to be a matter of intense interest to women around the world . Why do we care ? To begin , there is the incredible proliferation of mass media , the huge amount of coverage on celebrities and the self-exposure stars are willing to endure -- even prefer -- these days . "  Stars " have changed from glamorous , unfathomables , to "  friends " we follow on Twitter , in intimate , unguarded photos in entertainment magazines  which we do n't even have to buy ; the headlines and pictures capture us in our doctors ' offices and at the check out counter  . We turn on the TV talk shows and learn more than we should as heartbroken or apologetic celebrity guests share details of their romantic misadventures . Women like Jennifer Aniston become girlfriends , or friends of friends , who we listen to , judge , identify with and commiserate with . The wall separating us from stardom has been replaced by a penetrable surface , with celebrities just one tweet or book group away . She is no longer Jennifer Aniston , the star ; she is Jennifer , a friend once removed and we talk about her among friends as if she were one of us . News : Jennifer Aniston engaged to actor Justin Theroux She is not , though , so why do we feel so strongly about what happens to a movie star who has no apparent connection to our lives ? Two reasons . First , we know enough about her travail to identity with her and project ourselves into her situation . Here is a woman , who , like many of us , has wanted someone very badly , made mutual vows of fidelity and loyalty , and had that person leave for another lover -- in this case , an exceptionally talented and gorgeous woman , who now lays claim to everything she  or we  ever wanted . There are few women who have n't lost someone they loved -- and they immediately take up her cause , and her feelings , as their own . Secondly , we follow her life because in a strange way , it comforts us . If a man could be unfaithful to such a lovely , successful and nice woman , we can know that perhaps we were n't left because we were n't pretty enough or sexy enough or witty enough , but because some men just fall in love with someone else . We can see that regardless of why our own mate left , there was nothing about it that should wipe out our self-esteem and there was n't necessarily anything we could have done that would have saved our relationship . Peering into various celebrity real melodramas rather perversely cheers us up ! In 2008 , millions of women were riveted to the divorce trial of Christie Brinkley , whose husband , Peter Cook , betrayed her with a teenage employee . Well , we thought , if a man could do that to Christie Brinkley , of course we should n't feel that a husband or boyfriend left us for not being pretty enough or sexy enough . Look what happened to one of the most gloriously gorgeous women on Earth ! Jennifer Aniston 's men Then there is an additional twist in Aniston 's story that reassures us . Her failed marriage says to us that someone even more glorious than ourselves can be left , but her engagement tells us that there can be a Cinderella story at the end of the road : a mate who truly loves us , who wants to create a family , who will deliver security and unconditional love at last . Sure , it may last as long as the next headline , but we deeply hope love stays the course for her , because we want to believe that our own dreams will result in triumph over disappointment . This is why we care in a seemingly unreasonable way about what happens to Jennifer Aniston . Nice girls might not finish last . Justice might prevail . Sure , we care about Jennifer , but we follow her life , and the life of other celebrities , mostly because they are now in our "  friendship circle , " however illusory this perception is . Aniston 's "  fairy tale ending " is a stand-in for the fairly tale ending we want for ourselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : Many are interested that Jennifer Aniston is engaged . Why ? She says after years of tabloid scrutiny of her marital travail , many women relate to her She says that Aniston is finding love lets other scorned women feel they can find it , too Schwartz : We follow her story , delight in her triumph because it gives hope for our own
When religion is used , or misused , as a violent tool against the innocent , then it is the user not the tool that is the source of violence . The mere idea of traumatizing a human soul violates all values on Earth . Whether based on religious texts or human interpretations , no value in the history of mankind justifies any brutal act against any of God 's creation . Abducting school girls in Nigeria by the so-called "  Boko Haram " is an act of torture and terrorism against innocent souls . In Islam , as in other religions , traumatizing children is considered an act of evil . It does not differ from "  Wa'ed "  Burying girls alive  which is "  Haram "  Forbidden  in the Quran : "  And when the girl -LSB- who was -RSB- buried alive is asked , for what sin she was killed ? "  Quran , 81:8 and 81:9  . The problem with Boko Haram and their likes is that they go against all human norms . They want to impose their image of the "  Wrathful God " on the other images of "  Human God " which is a natural development of the interaction between humanity and the sacred . This "  Human God " does not fit their frame of authority . The mentality by which they run their lives and approaches toward their surroundings is a mentality of a superior God . This entails a different and old interpretation of God . In Quran , each Sura  Except one  starts with Basmalah . Any action by humans should start by "  Basmalah . " Starting our deeds by "  In the name of God , the Most Gracious , the Most Merciful " is a recognition of the basic human attitudes towards everything in life . Grace and Mercy are the building blocks of life on Earth . The actions of Boko Haram are against Grace and Mercy . In a deeper level of understanding these actions , one must say that these groups subscribe to a distorted image of God and of themselves . "  Domination , " "  totalitarianism , " "  the monopoly of truth " and "  God 's representatives on earth " are all expired concepts which belong to an old era of interactivity between Heaven and Earth . Going back to such era emphasizes that those who subscribe to these concepts are working to activate the images they need to serve their interests . In Islam , worshipping God is connected to peace , whether peace of mind or body . The Quran says : "  Let them worship the Lord of this House  The Kaaba  , who has fed them , -LSB- saving them -RSB- from hunger and made them safe , -LSB- saving them -RSB- from fear . "  Quran , 106:3 and 106:4 For me , as a Muslim who belongs to a rich culture of Arab , Jewish , Christian , and Islamic traditions , terrorizing human souls is an act against God . Abusing the image and the meaning of a merciful "  Allah " is against Islam , especially when it is used by those who claim that they are related to Islam , one way or another . I am always shocked when simple and basic religious and human principles are given wrong interpretations in order to get some gains of power . The real meaning of power in Islam is mercy and love . In the Hadith , Prophet Mohammed Says : "  All things of a Muslim are inviolable  Haram  for his brother-in-faith : his blood , his property and his honor . " It is very strange in our 21st century , that a mental activity  reading books  can be considered Haram  Forbidden  while traumatizing and terrorizing children and people is not . The challenge for Muslims though , is how to really convince the world that Islam is a loving , peaceful religion ; Muslims should revisit the collective identity they are communicating to others . A first step towards this end is to convey these meanings through active expressions of identity . Mere words are not enough . Actions are a must if we want the world to really understand the essence of Islam . I am not saying that Muslims are the only people to blame for this global misunderstanding . But it is their duty to deliver the real message of Islam to world contexts using proper and practical tools . It is also the duty of non-Muslims to understand the overall situation before rushing to judge . Perhaps what helps in this regard is a self-recognition by Muslim authorities that there is an identity crisis that must be addressed . Revisiting the basic approaches towards modern life , by actions not words , constitutes a fundamental step towards achieving this goal .	In Islam , traumatizing children is considered an act of evil , writes Marwan Al Husayni Al Husayni : The problem with Boko Haram and their likes is that they go against all human norms These groups subscribe to a distorted image of God and of themselves , he writes The real meaning of power in Islam is mercy and love , he says
CNN  -- Liam Neeson was already an Academy Award-nominated star when director Pierre Morel 's "  Taken " was released in 2008 , but the movie 's sleeper success made audiences look at the actor differently . His portrayal of Bryan Mills , a former CIA operative on the hunt for his daughter 's sex-trafficking kidnappers , became a cult success and made him a full-fledged action star at almost 60 . As such , "  Taken 2 " barreled into theaters this weekend , bringing in $ 50 million . It 's the first film to make that much in three days since "  The Dark Knight Rises " in July . "  Taken 2 " is not so much a sequel as it is an extension of the first movie . The Albanian brothers of Neeson 's victims demand vengeance . "  The dead cry out to us for justice , " says Murad Krasniqi , the film 's villain played by Rade Serbedzija . This time the director is France 's Olivier Megaton , who reportedly adopted his last name because his birthday falls on August 6 , 1965 , 20 years after the atomic bombing of Hiroshima , Japan . It would seem subtlety is n't his forte or his movie 's . Review : ` Taken 2 ' Espionage is synonymous with explosions in the "  Taken " series , along with pretty much every film representation of the CIA -- from Jack Ryan to Jason Bourne . "  That 's always the intention in Hollywood , " says Melissa Boyle Mahle . "  That 's the Hollywood shortcut . " A covert CIA operative for 16 years , Mahle knows about what she 's talking . "  My area of expertise was the Middle East and counterterrorism , " she says . "  I did the classic work that Americans think spies do overseas . " She chronicles her experience , as much as she 's able to , in her book "  Denial and Deception : An Insider 's View of the CIA . " The book takes a look at Mahle 's work as well as the post-Cold War culture and structural issues with the agency . Considering Mahle 's blond hair , you think she 'd stick out like a sore thumb in that part of the world . "  You can certainly blend in if you are of Middle Eastern ethnicity , but we adopt cover stories that allow us to live , work and move through these societies in ways that look very natural and normal within the context of their engagement with foreigners , " she says . Sometimes that also included traditional dresses and veils . "  We know the language , we know the societal norms -- things we can and can not do and what will draw attention to you . " Neeson throws any form of clandestine operations out the window as the Albanian terrorists take him and his ex-wife , played by Famke Janssen , into their desolate torture room of chains and pipes . After his ex-wife is hung upside down with a bag over her head , Mills calls his daughter Kim  who was taken in the first "  Taken " film  . The first plan is for her to make her way to a U.S. Embassy , but she refuses . She needs to help her father despite the post-traumatic stress disorder she may be suffering from after her own sex-trafficking experience . "  You can only train so much for something like that , " Mahle says of an abduction scenario . "  We know that when you 're caught by a terrorist , you have a bad outcome in front of you , and you hope for either immediate rescue or a quick death . " But operatives know the risk , Mahle says . "  If you 're going to be so focused on the risks , you 're not going to be able to do your job . " Mills ' Plan B involves his daughter using a shoelace , a sharpie and some hand grenades thrown on the streets of Istanbul , Turkey , to help pinpoint his location . From an audience standpoint , it makes no sense and perfect sense all at once . "  It 's very hard to be a clandestine operator if every time you walk through the door something blows up , " Mahle says . "  That makes a good film , but it does n't make very good operations . Espionage , by its very nature , is a mind game . People do n't wake up and decide to trigger countries in vengeance on a whim . " The vengeance in "  Taken 2 " is in full force as Kim and her father seek to sort out the group of Albanian misfits . This includes a wild ride through the streets that is a bit of a ridiculous premise but does allow for some father-daughter bonding time that 's important given the pair 's somewhat rocky relationship . Mills ' relationship with his ex-wife is also strained because of his former career as a CIA operative . "  It takes a special kind of person to live in a world that we create for ourselves , " Mahle says . "  In your personal relationships that are not part of that clandestine world , there is an element of omission and people can feel that . " Despite the opportunity for leaving out details about her life , Mahle points out that her whole career was based around figuring out people . "  I 've been married to my husband for forever , and we figured out a way to make it work . " But living undercover means lying to everyone -- including children . "  Here we are trying to  raise  upstanding , honest Americans , but we 're lying to them from Day One , and we 're doing it for the specific reason of protecting national security , " Mahle says . "  When you choose that moment to say , ` By the way son , I 've been lying to you all along , ' that 's hard . ' " Box office report : ` Taken 2 '	Liam Neeson returns as former CIA operative Bryan Mills in "  Taken 2 " Melissa Boyle Mahle was a covert operative for 16 years "  Espionage , by its very nature , is a mind game , " Mahle says
CNN  The number of confirmed cases of measles in Illinois has risen to 10 , state officials said Tuesday . All 10 cases are in Cook County , said spokesperson Melaney Arnold with the Illinois Department of Public Health . Nine stem from a KinderCare Learning Center location in Palatine , a Chicago suburb . One case in Chicago is not related to that day care facility . Measles is a serious and highly contagious respiratory disease that spreads when a person breathes , coughs or sneezes and droplets travel through the air . The disease is especially dangerous for infants , who can not receive vaccines until they are at least 6 months old . Young children are particularly vulnerable in cases in which they have received only one dose of measles vaccine . Symptoms include fever , cough , runny nose and red eyes , tiny white spots on the inner lining of the cheek and a rash with tiny red spots that starts at the head and spreads . Though there 's no cure for measles , it can be prevented with the MMR vaccine , which is 97 % effective , according to medical professionals . Georgia confirmed Monday its first confirmed case of measles since 2012 . An infected infant arrived in Atlanta from outside of the United States . Health officials are working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to determine where that patient might have contracted the disease . Measles was declared eliminated in the United States in 2000 , but a recent outbreak has been traced to Disneyland in California . As of February 6 , there are 121 cases of measles in 17 states and Washington , D.C. , the CDC said . There are 88 cases in California , and 103 cases nationwide are linked to the Disneyland outbreak . The state with the second-highest number of measles cases is Arizona , which has seven , the CDC reports . Illinois has three , and Washington has four . The other places reporting one or more cases are Colorado , Delaware , the District of Columbia , Michigan , Minnesota , Nebraska , Nevada , New Jersey , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Texas and Utah . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Ashley Fantz and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A total of 10 confirmed measles cases in Illinois . Nine stem from the same suburban Chicago-area day care center Georgia announced its first case of measles since 2012
CNN  -- When you visit the doctor , chances are you are given a prescription for a drug or an order for an X-ray or lab test . Before you leave , it 's important to ask whether your doctor 's recommendations are truly necessary . Even though much of what physicians do is meant to help patients , sometimes it 's not always the case . Drugs may have harmful side effects and tests have the potential for adverse complications . Unnecessary tests and medications contribute significantly to our country 's spiraling health costs . It 's estimated that $ 700 billion of our $ 2 trillion annual health spending falls under the category of wasteful medicine . Consider the common sinus infection , which brings 16 million Americans into the doctor 's office each year . Unfortunately , most of these cases have a viral cause , so antibiotics wo n't help the patient . Despite that , antibiotics are still prescribed in 80 % of cases . Sinus infections alone equal $ 5.8 billion in health care costs each year . Or , take the example of prostate cancer screening on a certain demographic . The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , an independent panel of nongovernment clinicians who provide evidence-based practice guidelines , recommends against screening men over age 75 for prostate cancer . Studies have shown that the benefit of prostate cancer screening is uncertain and further tempered by the complications from treatment , which can include impotence and urinary incontinence . However , a December 2011 study from the Archives of Internal Medicine reveals that more than half of men over 75 continue to undergo prostate cancer screenings . This past week , the American Board of Internal Medicine Foundation along with nine professional physician groups released a list of 45 common tests and procedures that are performed too often . The list includes electrocardiograms for asymptomatic patients , imaging tests for routine back pain , and Pap smears for women younger than 21 years old . Along with the recommendations to cut down on these procedures , an education campaign called Choosing Wisely was launched with the goal to start the important conversation between doctors and patients about the necessity , or lack thereof , of these commonly ordered tests . But implementing these guidelines into everyday practice may not be easy . Most doctors do n't have the time to go into detailed discussions about all the options on the table . If I try to explain to my elderly male patients why prostate cancer screening does n't always help , or inform young adults that antibiotics are n't necessary for most sinus infections , it would take much more time than the 15 minutes that I can give for a routine office visit . In many cases , it 's quicker to simply order a test or prescribe a drug , which takes seconds , rather than go into the pros and cons of a treatment path . The medical community needs to come up with strong incentives to encourage doctors to spend more time educating their patients about the harms of over-testing , and soliciting their input when considering various options . When patients play an active role in their medical decisions , studies show they tend to choose less aggressive treatment paths . There 's also the threat of malpractice , which makes it difficult for doctors to rein in tests . A recent survey of 1,214 orthopedic surgeons found that 30 % of the tests they ordered did n't help patients , and were mainly aimed at reducing exposure to liability suits . If doctors who restrict unnecessary testing according to the new guidelines can be provided with appropriate legal protection , then it 's more likely that they will actually do so . Finally , whenever the topic of limiting tests is raised in today 's partisan environment , the specter of rationing is often brought up . Back in 2009 when a recommendation against routine mammograms for women age 40 to 49 came out , there was a backlash despite the fact that the basis for it was scientifically reasonable . Politicizing medical recommendations that are backed by solid research will only hinder doctors from doing a better job . Today , discussing whether tests and treatments actually help patients or cause more harm does n't happen nearly enough . By providing a specific list of procedures to question -- and to cut down -- the medical community hopes to push us in the right direction . More people need to realize that limiting unnecessary tests is not rationing . It 's a way to potentially cut the waste out of our health system , and also reminds doctors of a promise they make to each and every patient : a promise to do no harm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Pho .	About $ 700 billion of our $ 2 trillion annual health spending is considered wasteful medicine Kevin Pho : A new guideline lists 45 tests and procedures that are performed too often He says implementing the recommendations will not be easy for doctors and patients Pho : Doctors and their patients need to talk more about what options are truly necessary
CNN  -- The top proponent of the new Arizona law targeting the state 's ethnic studies programs defends the controversial measure , which bans ethnic studies classes that "  promote resentment " of other racial groups . State Schools Superintendent Tom Horne told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Thursday that the legislation is "  designed to get schools to teach kids to treat each other as individuals and not on the basis of what race they were born into . " Horne said he believes that the "  fundamental American value is that we are individuals " and "  not exemplars of the race we happen to be born into . What 's important is what we know , what we can do , what is our character . " The superintendent has been targeting an ethnic studies curriculum in Tucson that he says "  divided the kids into different races " -- African studies for African-Americans , "  Raza " studies for Latino youths and Asian studies for Asians . "  In the Raza studies , they were teaching kids that the United States is oppressive , they were making them angry . They used a Marxist book , the ` Pedagogy of the Oppressed , ' " he said . Signed into law on Tuesday , the new legislation forbids classes "  designed primarily for pupils of a particular ethnic group " that advocate "  the overthrow of the United States government " or "  resentment toward a race or class of people . " It also forbids classes that "  advocate ethnic solidarity " instead of treating pupils as individuals . The measure has drawn criticism from educators and citizens who say the classes do n't promote resentment . U.N. human rights experts criticized the legislation , saying "  everyone has the right to seek and develop cultural knowledge and to know and understand his or her own culture and that of others through education and information . " Kyrsten Sinema , a Democratic state legislator who appeared on "  American Morning " with Horne , disagreed with the superintendent 's contention that students were divided according to race or ethnicity . "  The fact is very clear that these courses are open to all students . Any student of any race and ethnicity can take an African-American class . Similarly , they can take an Asian-American studies class and learn about the history of Japanese internment camps . That 's an important part of the American education system , " she said . Sinema said the courses are n't designed for one race , and they help foster an understanding of different cultures . "  I think it is important for students to learn about their own cultural heritage and to have the opportunity to learn about our cultures and ethnicities that make up the diverse and wonderful state of Arizona , " she said . Horne said the state 's social studies standards "  require all kids to learn about all different cultures . " He said they "  should n't be ghettoized into certain cultures where they learn only about the culture of the race they have been born into . That 's contrary to American values . " The ethnic studies legislation comes on the heels of a new state immigration law that has led to calls to boycott Arizona businesses and the state itself . The law requires immigrants in Arizona to carry their registration documents at all times and allows police to question individuals ' immigration status in the process of enforcing any other law or ordinance . Critics of the law say it will lead to racial profiling , while supporters say it involves no racial profiling and is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants .	Law aims "  to get schools to teach kids to treat each other as individuals , " he says He says Tucson ethnic studies curriculum "  divided the kids into different races " Law bans classes that promote overthrow of U.S. , resentment of other racial groups Measure criticized by educators , citizens who say the classes do n't promote resentment
CNN  -- Despite claims to the contrary , the Syrian government is almost certainly responsible for a blackout Thursday that shut down virtually all Internet service in the country , according to a leading Web security firm . "  The Syrian Minister of Information is being reported as saying that the government did not disable the Internet , but instead the outage was caused by a cable being cut , " writes Matthew Prince , CEO of CloudFlare . "  From our investigation , that appears unlikely to be the case . " Fighting again between rebels and forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad disrupted much of Damascus on Friday , and there was no Internet service throughout much of Syria for a second straight day . The airport was closed to flights , and fighting killed another 31 people across the country on Friday , according to an opposition group that counts casualties . A Syrian government information minister said that "  terrorists " -- which is how the Assad regime refers to rebels in a bloody , ongoing civil war -- cut the cable , knocking out Web communication with other countries . Rebels have routinely used the Web to transmit images of the civil war , including what they claim have been military attacks by the Assad regime on civilians . But Prince said only four Internet cables connect Syria to the outside world . Three of them run underseas , and the fourth is an overland line through Turkey . "  In order for a whole country outage , all four of these cables would have had to been cut simultaneously , " he wrote . "  That is unlikely to have happened . " Connections in all regions of Syria , not just routes in some , were shut down in the outage , which began at 5:26 a.m. EST on Thursday , he wrote . The exclusive provider of Web service in Syria is the state-run Syrian Telecommunications Establishment . The last four sites accessed on CloudFlare before the outage were a photo-sharing site , a Syrian news site , a Muslim-oriented social networking site and a porn site , according to Prince . "  In other words , traffic from Syrians accessing the Internet in the moments before they were cut off from the rest of the world looks remarkably similar to traffic from any part of the world , " he wrote . Web analytics company Renesys , which has closely monitored the Syria situation , reported Friday that a small handful of "  net blocks " that had survived the original blackout had been yanked offline , as well . Renesys originally reported that about 90 % of Syria 's Internet connections were offline . A graphic on the firm 's site Friday showed virtually no service remaining . The moment that Syria 's Internet went down Syrian government sites , however , had remained accessible because they 're hosted in other countries , including the United States . The New York Times reports that several hosting companies said they were working late Thursday to take those sites down . The U.S. government has been providing Syrian rebels with "  non-lethal equipment , " including communication tools to get around Internet outages . "  The Syrian government has been monitoring  the Internet  for years . They have been using the Internet with Iranian assistance to track opposition activists , arrest and kill them , " said Robert Ford , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , in Washington on Wednesday . Beyond bodies and bombs : Syrians attempt ' a normal life ' Meanwhile , Web giant Google is pitching in , enabling in Syria a service that lets users post messages to Twitter by speaking into a mobile phone . The service , Speak2Tweet , was developed by Google and Twitter about two years ago when Web access was shut down during a civil movement in Egypt . "  In the last day , Internet access has been completely cut off in Syria . Unfortunately we are hearing reports that mobile phones and landlines are n't working properly either , " the company wrote in a post on its Google + site . "  But those who might be lucky enough to have a voice connection can still use Speak2Tweet by simply leaving a voicemail " on one of several devoted phone lines .	Security CEO : Syrian government almost certainly shut down the Web Analysts say essentially all Internet connections to Syria have been killed Syrian rebels have used Web to share images of conflict with Assad regime Google letting Syrians tweet by using voice-only phone calls
CNN  -- For the residents of Christchurch , New Zealand , time stopped at 12.51 pm on February 22 , 2011 , when a massive earthquake ripped through the city , destroying homes , lives and businesses . One year on , reminders are never too far away , from the broken buildings to frequent aftershocks that rattle the city every day . Some are too minor to feel ; others cause a sharp intake of breath . "  February , 22 , 2011 ... is a date permanently etched into all of our minds , a date that will go down in the history of New Zealand as one of our darkest days , " Prime Minister John Key told crowds gathered for a civic memorial service in the city Wednesday . The magnitude 6.3 quake shook the city for a matter of seconds , but it was long enough to kill 185 people from 14 countries . Many more were injured . The tremor brought down buildings in the city center in the middle of the working day , trapping workers and triggering a national state of emergency as rescuers scrambled to save lives . Most of the victims -- 115 -- were buried in the rubble of the Canterbury Television  CTV  building , which was later found by a government report to have been poorly constructed . One survivor , Anne Vos , spoke to the media by cellphone as she lay trapped under her desk in the rubble of the five-story Pyne Gould Corporation building . After being pulled out , 24 hours later , she told CNN , "  I was finding it hard to breathe , and I really thought that was it for me . I thought ` this is it - I 'm not coming out of here . ' " Anne Vos : A survivor 's story One year later , Christchurch remains locked in recovery mode , a city carved into zones labeled by color to indicate the severity of the earthquake damage to homes and land . For residents in the red zone , there is no future there . Around 6,800 homes , many clustered along the Avon River , have been designated for destruction . The government says around 46 % of residents in the red zone have accepted its offer to buy their land . Some have cut their ties with the area ; others are still wading through insurance claims on homes waiting to be destroyed . Before the quake , 22-year-old desktop publisher Sarah Boyd lived with her partner in Avonside , a small suburb that has now been condemned . "  It was a tiny wee suburb and nearly every house there has gone , " she said . "  They said that our house was sinking towards the river . They reckon all land would travel towards the river . " They moved out of the red zone in November , but Boyd said their new home suffered damage during the February quake and subsequent aftershocks , and may also need to be demolished . Boyd works at the office at the Catholic Diocese of Christchurch , which suffered a blow during the quake with the near collapse of the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament . It is currently being propped up with shipping containers while work continues to determine exactly how much of the building can be saved . The brightly-colored containers can been seen dotted through the city , at the makeshift "  Re : Start " mall in the city center and along roads below unstable cliffs considered to be at risk of landslide . "  It 's a city of two parts really , " said Matt O'Connell , the earthquake recovery coordinator for the Catholic Diocese , who works in the same office as Boyd . Last week he took part in an Ecumenical door-knocking team made up of representatives from varying faiths in the city . "  Even just on one street we met a family there who are struggling for food who had eight to ten people living in a two-bedroom house , " he said . "  A lot of people are tired , stressed and frustrated . The rebuild seems to be going relatively slowly . There are lots of issues . " Recovery efforts are being hampered by frequent aftershocks . The February 22 quake was one itself , after a larger , magnitude 7.1 quake the previous September . That one ran deeper so caused less damage . The government said there have been 10,000 quakes since last September , including 39 of a magnitude of five or greater . "  We had a really good run from June until December the 23rd , then we got hit with a magnitude six quake , two days before Christmas . It really , really set people back . There was further damage , no one was injured , but it was a psychological blow for many people , " O'Connell said . While people struggle to recover , work continues to rebuild shattered buildings and infrastructure . Prime Minister Key has said the recovery plan is making "  good progress . " Construction has started on 26 "  significant " commercial buildings in the city center . Work on 80 % of the 1,406 buildings marked for partial or full demolition has been completed . And 200 infrastructure repair projects are now underway , he said . "  Long term Christchurch will look much different but it will be vibrant , new and a great place to live , " Key added . Thousands have not stayed around to find out . Population figures released in October , the first numbers made public since the quake , showed more than 10,000 people had left the city in the year to June 2011 . On the eve of the anniversary , the city buried the unidentified remains of four people who were killed in the quake in a new cemetery . It will be one of the more somber reminders of that day . The city came to a halt for two minutes at 12.51 local time , as residents paid their respects to those who were killed . Tomorrow they 'll get back to the long , drawn-out task of rebuilding their lives and moving forward .	Magnitude 6.3 quake shook city on February 22 , 2011 185 people died , thousands of buildings destroyed Recovery progressing slowly , many residents frustrated Key : New Christchurch will be "  vibrant , great place to live "
CNN Student News  -- March 31 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Libya  Syria Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . MRS. LONG 'S STUDENTS : We 're from Twin Rivers High School in Broseley , Missouri . Start your tractor , Carl ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We thank Mrs. Long 's students in Missouri for getting today 's show revved up and ready to go . And we thank all of you for checking out this Thursday edition of CNN Student News . First Up : Changing Strategy AZUZ : I 'm Carl Azuz , and first up today , we have a report from CNN 's Chris Lawrence on the conflict in Libya . The U.S. has been involved in this since March 19th , when it launched missiles at targets inside the North African country . But the military strategy is shifting . BEGIN VIDEO CHRIS LAWRENCE , CNN PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT : U.S. officials say they 're not in Libya to help rebels win a war . VICE ADMIRAL BILL GORTNEY , DIRECTOR OF THE JOINT STAFF : That 's not part of our mandate . LAWRENCE : But the coalition is launching missiles at specific units , like the headquarters of Libya 's elite 32nd Brigade . GORTNEY : This is one of Gadhafi 's most loyal units . LAWRENCE : The coalition has interpreted "  protect civilians " to mean it can destroy any weapons Gadhafi could use . Air strikes hit munitions depots in two cities . GORTNEY : Any place that we can see ammunition storage facilities , things of that nature , that , we 're going after those . LAWRENCE : A mission that started with preventing attacks from the air is now focused , not even two weeks later , on destroying targets on the ground . New flying gunships like the A-10 have replaced some of the ships that were firing cruise missiles . These new aircraft fly low , closer to a target , and shoot machine gun fire instead of dropping thousand-pound bombs . They 're designed to fight in and around cities , where rebels are trying to hold off Gadhafi 's forces . On Tuesday , the NATO commander said that protecting civilians mandate extends all the way into Tripoli itself . ADMIRAL JAMES STAVRIDIS , NATO SUPREME ALLIED COMMANDER , EUROPE : I think that any Gadhafi forces that are demonstrating hostile intent against the Libyan population are legitimate targets . LAWRENCE : So far , the assault has cost the Pentagon well over half a billion dollars . But most of that money came from cruise missiles and other munitions . The strategy has shifted , and now the U.S. forces are focused on refueling planes , jamming communication and striking Gadhafi forces . So , the military only expects to spend $ 40 million over the next few weeks . And a spokeswoman says , "  After that , we would incur added costs of about $ 40 million per month . " How many months ? It 's hard to tell . SEN. JOHN MCCAIN ,  R  ARIZONA : But a stalemate is not an acceptable solution . STAVRIDIS : I think a stalemate is not in anybody 's interest . END VIDEO Libya Civil War AZUZ : Some rebel leaders in Libya are calling the battles ' front lines "  fluid . " They made some advances , took control of some key cities . But Colonel Gadhafi 's forces have pushed back . And yesterday , the rebels withdrew from some territory they had taken over before . One strategy that coalition military leaders are considering is arming the rebels , giving them weapons . President Obama has said he 's open to this idea , and some experts think it could give rebels help in fighting government forces . But there are also some concerns about this , arming the rebels . U.S. intelligence indicates that some terrorists may be fighting on the side of the rebels . So of course , officials do n't want to be giving weapons to the wrong people . Shoutout PAT ST. CLAIRE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Feller 's students at Hardin Intermediate School in Hardin , Montana ! On this map of the Middle East , which country is Syria ? You know what to do ! Is it : A , B , C or D ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! On this map , B is Syria , a country that 's home to more than 22 million people . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Syria Unrest AZUZ : Syria is another country in that part of the world that 's dealing with political unrest . Dozens of people have been killed over the last few weeks in fighting between Syrian security forces and protesters who are speaking out against their government . The protesters , here 's what they want : changes to Syria 's constitution and the end of an emergency law that 's been in place in Syria for decades . Yesterday , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad spoke to his country about this unrest . He said he recognizes that Syrians want reform and acknowledges that the government has n't met the needs of the Syrian people . But President al-Assad also referred to an anti-Syria "  conspiracy , " and said his country wo n't fall like others that have gone through revolutions recently , like Egypt , for example . One thing President al-Assad did n't address was that emergency law that protesters want lifted . 9/11 Hearing AZUZ : It 's been nearly 10 years since the 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States . After those attacks , Congress created the 9/11 Commission . The goal was to investigate the country 's counterterrorism policy and to give recommendations for how to help avoid future attacks . A U.S. Senate committee is holding hearings to discuss how prepared the U.S. is for another possible attack . Yesterday , they heard the opinions of some members of that 9/11 Commission who said that , in many ways , the U.S. is safer today from that kind of terrorist attack . But they also had a warning : They said the threat of terrorism has changed . The commission 's chairman said , "  Although a devastating 9/11-type attack we believe is less likely , the threat is more complex and it 's more diverse than at any time in the last decade . " What 's the Word ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? It 's a term that advertisers use to describe a group of people who share similar characteristics , such as age DEMOGRAPHIC That 's the word ! TVs Watching You ? AZUZ : Advertisers use those demographics to decide which ads to show to which people . For example , if you 're trying to promote an action movie , advertisers believe they 're better off showing that to a younger , male audience than to an older , female audience . Deborah Feyerick is looking at new technology that does n't just let advertisers target a specific group . It lets them target specific individuals . BEGIN VIDEO DEBORAH FEYERICK , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Every time you watch TV , your TV is likely watching you through that box which collects information on show after show after show . All that data sent anonymously , ultimately to advertisers , focused on reaching people likely to buy certain products or watch certain shows . What is the benefit to people like me ? To consumers ? JON WERTHER , PRESIDENT , SIMULMEDIA INC. : The benefit to consumers is that you get more relevant ads and you have fewer ads that are irrelevant to you that are cluttering up your TV experience . FEYERICK : John Werther of Simulmedia successfully helped pioneer targeted advertising on the Internet . Now , he 's doing it with TV . If this is done right , how much money is this worth to advertisers ? WERTHER : We think billions . Billions of dollars . FEYERICK : Why ? Because what you watch tells a lot about you , sometimes unexpectedly . WERTHER : A rerun of "  Saved by the Bell "  at 9:00 a.m. on Saturday morning has been one of the most highly effective spots in driving , let 's say , audiences to a crime drama several days later . FEYERICK : It 's not just set box data , but your other personal data collected when you ask for credit reports or use retail discount cards . Tech companies like Visible World use this data like direct mail , and can now deliver different ads to different households watching the same program . How does the box know which of these four different ads to get to you ? SETH HABERMAN , CEO , VISIBLE WORLD : So , we 've built a database that talks to Cablevision and sends out these little messages so the set-top boxes switch at the right time to show the right ads in your household . FEYERICK : As for privacy , Ad Age writer Brian Steinberg says it 's a tradeoff . BRIAN STEINBERG , ADVERTISING AGE : That 's becoming , you know , kind of the new tipping point of how much information we want to give out there and how much will advertisers use to kind of know where we are , where we 're walking , what we like , what we do n't like , what our preferences are in exchange for more relevant , more interesting advertising . FEYERICK : Commercial advertisers are banking you 'll watch . Deborah Feyerick , CNN , New York . END VIDEO Blog Promo AZUZ : You can see how this benefits advertisers , and it brings up a couple interesting questions . Would you benefit from seeing ads that were more relevant to the things you wanted , or do you think this might be a bit of an invasion of privacy , if people know what you 're watching and when you 're watching it ? You see our blog from our front page right there , From A to Z with me . Head to CNNStudentNews.com , click into this blog , and tell us your comments ; tell us what you 're thinking about this . Before We Go AZUZ : The competition you 're about to see started out with 75 people . After nearly two straight days of dribbling , it was down to just these two . You can sit , stand , bend , eat ; you just got ta keep dribbling . But when one guy reaches down to get a banana , oh no ! He knows it 's over ! The ball just got away from him when he was going for that banana . The winner -- hey , contest 's over , you can probably stop dribbling . Anyway , the winner gets to join the NBA 's Phoenix Suns on a road trip next season . Goodbye AZUZ : As for the runner-up , we are sure he 'll bounce back from this . We 'll bounce back tomorrow with more CNN Student News . Look forward to seeing you then . Have an awesome afternoon . I 'm Carl Azuz .	Examine a shift in strategy for U.S. forces involved with the conflict in Libya Hear some opinions on how prepared America is to prevent a future terrorist attack Learn about a new technology that tailors advertisements to individuals ' tastes Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York police have made an arrest in the case of an Ecuadorian immigrant beaten to death in an apparent anti-Latino and antigay hate crime in December , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly announced Wednesday . Jose Sucuzhanay was beaten after leaving a party at a church . Police arrested Hakim Scott , 25 , on Tuesday and charged him with second degree murder as a hate crime . Police are still looking for a second suspect . On December 7 , 2008 , police say Jose Sucuzhanay and his brother Romel had left a party at a church and were embracing each other to keep warm in the cold when Scott and another man approached them in a car in Brooklyn 's Bushwick section , about a block from the brothers ' home . Police say the two assailants shouted antigay and anti-Latino vulgarities and attacked the brothers . Scott first assaulted Jose with a beer bottle before chasing after Romel , police said . The second assailant proceeded to "  savagely beat Jose about his ribs , shoulders , " head and back with an aluminum bat , according to Kelly . Jose Sucuzhanay , 31 , died of his injuries in December hours before his mother arrived in New York from Ecuador . Romel Sucuzhanay , 34 , suffered minor scrapes . Police were able to identify two suspects after inferring that they had crossed the Triborough Bridge in the course of their flight from the crime scene . They interviewed bridge toll booth employees and combed through videotape of cars passing through cash-only lanes on the bridge . Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes said the incident should send a message that antigay violence endangers straights and gays alike . "  If there was ever a message to the people of this city or anywhere as to why heterosexuals have to stand up and not permit this type of violence ... it is this case , " Hynes said .	Hakim Scott , 25 , charged with 2nd degree murder in New York case Second suspect sought in beating of Jose and Romel Sucuzhanay Brothers were hugging to stay warm ; assailants made antigay remarks
CNN  -- Of all the great films Mike Nichols made over his long career , one stands alone : "  The Graduate . " The 1967 film by Nichols , who died Wednesday , was pioneering in many ways . It captured the youthful zeitgeist through the eyes of Dustin Hoffman 's Benjamin Braddock , a recent college graduate who 's "  a little worried about his future , " as the tagline went . It featured existing pop songs as part of the score , now commonplace but then unusual . And it had , at the time , a willfully experimental look , with jump cuts , long takes and odd camera angles . It changed Hollywood , said Mark Harris , author of "  Pictures at a Revolution . " "  By the time ` The Graduate ' was at the end of its run , it was the third highest-grossing movie in history , " he told CNN in 2008 . "  Those are the kinds of numbers that make even hidebound executives say , ` We 're in a new world . ' " Thanks to the script by Buck Henry and Calder Willingham , "  The Graduate " also had some of the most quotable lines and indelible scenes in movie history . Here are five standouts : "  Plastics . " A squirmy Benjamin makes his way through a welcome-home party , wanting more than anything to avoid everybody glad-handing him . Unfortunately , he comes into contact with Mr. McGuire , who has one word for Ben , "  just one word . " The line captured everything '60s youth disdained : a corporate job and artificiality . It was named No. 42 on the American Film Institute 's list of the 100 greatest movie quotations . "  Mrs. Robinson , you 're trying to seduce me . Are n't you ? " Hoffman and Anne Bancroft , as family friend Mrs. Robinson , awkwardly chat in the Robinsons ' lounge . As Mrs. Robinson makes advances -- "  What do you think of me ? " she asks -- Benjamin becomes more and more uncomfortable . "  Mrs. Robinson , if you do n't mind my saying so , this conversation is getting a little strange , " he says . And that 's just the beginning . Kissing Mrs. Robinson As Ben and Mrs. Robinson begin their affair , the young Ben tries to impress the older woman . But his attempts at being suave go nowhere and he starts to lose his nerve . The portion of the scene in which Hoffman cups Bancroft 's breast -- and then bangs his head against the wall -- was improvised , Hoffman observed . He was trying to hide his laughter and Nichols kept the camera rolling . "  The Sound of Silence " The Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack was originally just a placeholder . Nichols and editor Sam O'Steen used their songs , including "  The Sound of Silence , " "  Scarborough Fair/Canticle " and "  April Come She Will , " to help structure the film . But Nichols liked the way they worked and decided to keep them  along with a score by Dave Grusin  . "  The Sound of Silence " is used three times in the film , probably most strikingly in this scene , where Ben wastes his days adrift in a swimming pool and his nights meeting with Mrs. Robinson . "  Elaine ! " The movie 's finale finds Ben heading to a church to stop the marriage of Elaine Robinson , Mrs. Robinson 's daughter , and her fiance . Delayed at every turn -- uncertain of directions , running out of gas , locked out of the church -- Ben finally lets cry a pained scream at his beloved . But , as the final shot reveals , even love ca n't defeat uncertainty .	"  The Graduate , " from 1967 , is one of Mike Nichols ' greatest films Movie captured zeitgeist , was a huge box office hit Many scenes , lines of dialogue have become famous
Summer 1938 , Europe stands on the brink of war , and Paris is a city on the edge . Nazi spies , shadowy assassins , alluring double agents and a Hollywood movie star caught in the middle stalk the back alleys and bustling bistros of the French capital . This is the setting for Alan Furst 's "  Mission to Paris . " The best-selling author has made a career of capturing the classic cloak-and-dagger days leading up to World War II , bringing the era to life like a literary version of "  Casablanca . " In Furst 's 12th and newest novel , now in bookstores , Austrian immigrant-turned-Hollywood film star Frederic Stahl arrives in Paris to shoot a movie . The political warfare unit of the Third Reich , the "  Ribbentropburo , " has other plans . It tries to bully Stahl into becoming its "  agent of influence " in a growing propaganda war against the French . Stahl , a classic leading man in the mold of Cary Grant , turns the tables , signing on as amateur spy for the United States and taking a dangerous assignment behind enemy lines . From there the action crisscrosses the continent from Berlin to Budapest , briefly visiting Morocco , but the "  City of Light " remains at the center of this espionage adventure . Starting with "  Night Soldiers " in 1988 , Furst has achieved international success as the master of the historical spy novel . His 2008 book , "  The Spies of Warsaw , " is being made into a TV miniseries for the BBC . He appears poised for a repeat of his past success with "  Mission to Paris . " CNN recently spoke to the author by phone from his Long Island , New York , home . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : What led to your fascination with this pre-World War II time period ? Alan Furst : In the 1930s there were so many different conflicts going on between the British , the French , the Russians , the Germans , the Spaniards , the Romanians and so on . The intelligence services for all these countries were all battling during what was a very difficult political time . I wanted to read a panoramic spy history of the '30s , and when I went out looking for it , I discovered there was no such thing . I was astonished . So I thought , "  Well , I 'll write it . " Where I got the arrogance to do that , I do n't know . I could n't believe no one had written about this . It seemed so exciting and interesting and various . The people who had written about it wrote from such incredibly , violently different angles , whether it was fighting in Spain or street demonstrations in France or the purges in Moscow . There was a lot going on , and all of it in its way was important because the politics of the next century was being sorted out . I thought I 'd found gold . CNN : Paris really comes to life in your books ; you must have a special affinity for the city . Furst : When I started writing these novels , I was living in Paris in the late 1980s . I do have an affinity for the city as it was in the '30s . It 's changed a lot in recent years . I used to have an apartment there . I lived there full time for about eight years . If you live somewhere that long , you really get to know it by osmosis . It really becomes part of you . I love Paris for the million reasons that everybody loves the city . It 's an incredibly romantic and beautiful place . I hate to say this , but things have changed in the last three or four years . Notre Dame is white now . They steam cleaned it . Instead of this medieval , sooty , dark , mysterious thing rising into the night sky , now it 's kind of a nice limestone cathedral . They 've done a lot of stuff like that in Paris now . They do n't let you smoke in the cafes anymore -- on and on and on . The Paris of that time period was an incredible place . It was the central city on earth of idealism , of romance , of dreams , of possibilities , of beauty in many ways , of great food , great wine , staying up all night ; what could be bad ? CNN : All of your books feature a scene at the Brasserie Heininger , a restaurant in Paris . How did you come up with this signature ? Furst : It 's in every book . The bullet hole in the mirror next to table 14 . It 's fiction . It 's not true . Now there is a brasserie where I say the Brasserie Heininger is in the books . It 's called Brasserie Bowfinger , but it looks nothing like the brasserie I describe in the books . Many readers have figured out where it is , and they go there and ask for table 14 and make the matre d' mad because there is no table 14 , there is no mirror and there 's no bullet hole . For me it 's a touchstone in my books . I love the story , I repeat it every time , but in every book the characters see it differently . Nobody sees that brasserie the same way . They all have their own opinion . Sometimes it 's important to the plot ; sometimes it 's not . It 's like the Parisian moment when a lot of things come together . The way the French and the Parisians like to enjoy themselves . There 's no music that plays there . The music is the plates , the clatter of the forks and knives , the talk , laughter , people smoking , perfume ; it 's a wonderful experience , quite different from eating other places . CNN : A number of your characters resurface from book to book , but you almost always create a new protagonist . Why is that ? Furst : This is a series with changing lead characters . What I discovered is I do n't like to repeat lead characters because one of the most pleasurable things in a book to me is learning about the lead . Who is he or she ? What do they like ? How are they going to function in this book ? Are they brave or cautious ? What 's their romantic situation ? I think that 's a great thing for the reader . I decided that what I had to do in order to get different angles on this material you had to have people in different vocations . So the lead in "  Spies of the Balkans " is a cop , and he sees things like a policeman sees things . Where as in "  Mission to Paris , " you have a Hollywood movie actor , an migr , and he sees things a completely different way . In an earlier book , you had the French military attach in Warsaw , and he had his own responsibilities and obligations , and he saw life from that perspective . If you 're a writer like I am , it 's the best thing because it forces you to work . CNN : What do you want your readers to take away from your novels ? Furst : These are novels of consolation . I am not trying to teach anyone a lesson . Now , they happen to be about a certain period in the political history of the West . If something is resonant to you , that 's fine . There 's plenty that 's resonant to me , but I have yet to ever stick my elbow in a reader 's ribs and say , "  See that 's just like now . " But having said that , there are things that are just like now , and I 've got to tell you that "  Mission to Paris " has an awful lot of just like now . The kind of political warfare they had then is a lot like the kind of political warfare going on now . There 's a lot of propaganda , a lot of manipulation , a lot of trying to destroy people 's reputations , a lot of lowdown tough stuff . I think most Americans do n't like it , but it 's the way the game is played , and it has n't changed . That 's the way the game was played in the 1930s . I have n't changed anything , not one thing to make it sound more like what goes on today . I was amazed when I discovered what was going on back then . I did n't know that it went on to that level of sophistication . CNN : You 've described your novels as one very long book with 12 chapters to date . How many more books or chapters do you have planned ? Furst : Let me put it this way , I do n't plan to retire . What would I do , become a brain surgeon ? I mean a brain surgeon can retire and write novels , but a novelist ca n't retire and do brain surgery or at least he better not . I would n't know what to do with myself . I 'm a writer . I live it and breathe it . God made me this way ; it 's not my fault ! I do n't complain too much . Really , I feel very privileged to live the way I do and make a living as I have . Not everybody can do that . Read an excerpt from "  Mission to Paris "	Alan Furst , known as the master of the historical spy novel , has a new thriller , "  Mission to Paris " ' "  Mission to Paris " features an actor/spy caught up in pre-World War II intrigue Paris is a recurring locale in Furst 's novels "  There are things  from the 1930s  that are just like now , " Furst says
CNN  -- Lion , the latest version of Apple 's operating software for its Mac computers , was released to the public on Wednesday . It 's an update that continues to blur the line between software on mobile devices and desktop computers . Marking the eighth major release of new software for Apple computers , Mac OS X Lion offers 250 new features , according to the company . With multi-touch gesturing , full-screen app display and access to the Mac App Store built directly into the software , the system was clearly designed to make working on a Mac more similar to working on an iPad . "  Lion is the best version of OS X yet , and we 're thrilled that users around the world can download it starting today , " said Philip Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing , said in a written statement . "  Lion makes upgrading a Mac easier than ever before ; just launch the Mac App Store , buy Lion with your iTunes account , and the download and install process will begin automatically . " Walt Mossberg of All Things Digital called Lion Apple 's "  most radical new MacIntosh operating system in years , " calling it a "  giant step in the merger of the personal computer and post-PC devices like tablets and smartphones . " The new system , however , does not run iPhone or iPad apps  at least , not yet  and it does run Adobe Flash -- something Steve Jobs and company have summarily banished from their mobile devices . Its touch features use a touchpad , making them similar , but not exactly the same , as what iPhone and iPad users may be used to on their touchscreens . Mossberg said he likes the system , but warned that new users may suffer during their transition . "  Switching to Lion will require a major adjustment even for veteran Mac users , though it will be easier for those who use iPhones or iPads , " he wrote . "  Lion will significantly increase the learning curve for Windows users switching to the Mac . " Brian X. Chen of Wired wrote that "  some of Lion 's iOS-like features scale up very well , while others behave very poorly in a desktop environment . " He found the software 's iPad-like scrolling feature distracting and dizzying  he eventually disabled it  but said he enjoyed the system 's app-opening full-screen mode and praised new sharing and auto-save functions . Mac OS X Lion is available as a $ 29.99 upgrade for people with the latest version of the Snow Leopard operating system . It will be available at Apple Stores in August for $ 69.99 . Lion is the latest in a long line of cat-named operating systems rolled out by Apple for its computers . Past versions have included Cheetah , Puma , Jaguar , Panther , Tiger , Leopard and Snow Leopard . Whether the king of the jungle marks the last version of feline-named software remains to be seen -- but we 're still holding out hope for Jaguarundi .	Apple 's Mac OS X Lion released on Wednesday The new operating system for Macs adopts features from mobile devices New system has 250 new features , Apple says
CNN  -- The Arab Spring seems a long time ago . The voices of Tunis and Tahrir Square , the uprising in Benghazi , the street protests in Yemen and Bahrain promised a popular awakening in countries where politics had been confined to an elite . The Western democracies -- if a little hesitantly -- took the side of the demonstrators . But with the exception of Libya , their contribution to the Arab world 's new beginning comprised moral support and the promise of financial help once new governments were formed . The U.S. used some of its substantial political clout in the region to ease Hosni Mubarak and Zine El Abedine Ben Ali out of power in Egypt and Tunisia respectively . "  Soft power " -- advice , mediation , persuasion and some aid -- was leveraged to influence events ; the use of "  hard power " as in Iraq was not even contemplated . As President Barack Obama put it in a speech in Cairo in June 2009 , "  Events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible . "  Indeed , we can recall the words of Thomas Jefferson , who said , ' I hope that our wisdom will grow with our power and teach us that the less we use our power , the greater it will be , ' " he said . The president 's then-defense secretary , Robert Gates , expanded on the theme , saying that more needed to be spent on "  diplomacy , strategic communications , foreign assistance , civic action and economic reconstruction and development . " Opinion : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell The Obama administration has sought to reduce the U.S. military footprint abroad , pulling all U.S. troops out of Iraq and setting a timetable for the withdrawal of combat troops from Afghanistan . It is wary of the use of military power for all but the most forensic of operations  the raid that killed Osama bin Laden  or those that achieve defined aims at next to no political cost  drones over Yemen  . Libya was the exception . Rare and rapid international agreement , blessed at the U.N. , allowed for a swift military response to prevent a bloodbath in Benghazi , which had been taken over by opponents of the Gadhafi regime . The targets -- most of them along a strip of the Mediterranean coast -- were poorly defended and easily hit from the sea or airbases in Italy . Even so , NATO warplanes flew 21,000 missions over nearly six months to enforce a no-fly zone . And the result of all that military investment was a few weeks of euphoria with the ousting of Gadhafi -- and many months since of chronic volatility , as groups sympathetic to al Qaeda have sown chaos and turf wars have sapped the new government 's authority . Before his death in Benghazi in September , Ambassador Chris Stevens ' own communications revealed huge frustration and some anxiety about the proliferation of militia and growing violence in Libya . This week , Aaron Zelin of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , a longtime watcher of jihadism in North Africa , wrote that one of the main militant groups , Ansar al-Sharia , "  has been taking advantage of the lack of state control by building local communal ties , which is strengthening its ability to operate in more locations than Benghazi . " Forcible intervention by superior powers can quickly demolish regimes that lack legitimacy . But in societies where there is no tradition of civic society or democracy , deep sectarian or ethnic fissures and desperate economic problems , helping to fashion the new is an almost overwhelming demand . While U.S. troops remained in Iraq , Sunni and Shiite political groups had to obey some rules of the road , and Iran had to exercise its influence discreetly . But since their departure , sectarian violence has surged to its worst levels in five years . When a group believes that it is in an existential struggle , it is unlikely to heed the advice of diplomats who soon will leave for home . Egypt 's multilayered problems -- political , economic and demographic -- defy any short-term solution . There are more than 80 million Egyptians , most of them close to or below the poverty line and under the age of 25 . Faint hopes for a democratic alternative to Mubarak have been snuffed out . Concerted diplomacy failed to persuade President Mohamed Morsy to be "  inclusive , " as Obama put it , or take critical economic decisions . After Morsy was ousted , back-corridor pleas to the Egyptian military to avoid civilian casualties , not declare a state of emergency and open new channels of dialogue all fell on deaf ears . Missile strikes on Syria likely response to chemical attack Obama 's preference for diplomacy and international consensus goes only so far , especially when there 's so little common ground that a U.S.-Russia summit is not even worth holding . But there is no appetite in the West for more muscular nation -  re  building , especially after the experiences of Afghanistan and Iraq . Obama recognized this when he said in Cairo in 2009 , "  No system of government can or should be imposed upon one nation by any other . " Such campaigns are unpopular at home and very costly , demanding multiyear commitments for very little reward . Groups that were at each other 's throats suddenly turn their fire on a common enemy : the invader . Many observers expect that is exactly what would happen in Syria if there was a full-throated military intervention . And pacifying a country with so many weapons , so many open borders and so many sectarian fault lines would demand a force larger than the 168,000 combat troops deployed to Iraq at the peak of the U.S. commitment . That is not on the agenda . So the use of "  hard power " in Syria would be limited to punishment strikes on the grounds that "  something must be done . " Such strikes would begin to degrade the Assad regime 's military infrastructure and discourage it from using chemical weapons but would probably not tip the military balance decisively . And they may become politically unavoidable if the U.N. inspectors who have gone to Ghouta find irrefutable evidence that chemical weapons killed hundreds of people last week . They would also be welcomed by the regime 's opponents in the hope that more would follow . But they would be a metaphoric slap on the wrist . There is no "  exit " or "  end " strategy in such strikes , and it seems likely that hardline Islamist groups would be best placed to take advantage of a weakening al-Assad regime . There is the faint chance that proof of the regime 's use of chemical weapons would oblige Russia and China to at least modify their resistance at the Security Council to a tougher stance against al-Assad . But turning that into a common position would demand exceptionally deft diplomacy . The Western powers are not impotent in the Middle East . In Egypt , the generals ' long relationship with their U.S. counterparts  and their desire to keep the military aid pipeline flowing  will allow for renewed dialogue and influence once the immediate crisis is past . The U.S. and Europe can also join the Gulf states in providing emergency aid to Egypt  the Saudis and others have already pledged $ 15 billion  . In Syria , Washington can continue to cajole the moderate opposition to behave more coherently and reassert itself in the face of the Islamists ' rise . It can continue to work with the government of Yemen in targeting al Qaeda operatives in more remote areas with drones . In Tunisia , there is still an influential , moderate strand in the ruling Islamist party , Ennahda , and a strong middle class with a secular outlook . The leaders of both countries have recently been in Washington . But as age-old sectarian and religious hatreds rage across much of the Middle East , from Tripoli in northern Lebanon to Tripoli in Libya , there is little more that outsiders can do but wait for the volcano to finish erupting .	Obama administration has sought to reduce U.S. military footprint abroad Rare international agreement resulted in action in Libya But volatility has set in after brief post-Gadhafi euphoria The West has lost appetite for robust nation-building
CNN  -- Many Zune owners successfully revived their failed music players Thursday morning , while others were still unable to overcome a leap year-related glitch that caused thousands of the devices to simultaneously stop working on New Year 's Eve . Microsoft issued the first Zune portable music player in 2006 to compete with the iPod . "  Mine is back up and working as of a minute ago ! Thanks Zune Team , " a user named "  blcknwhte " posted at 9:19 a.m. ET on the Zune Web site 's forum . "  I 'm glad things are back to normal but this was a major inconvenience , " posted someone named JaximFlash . "  I have 2 Zune 30s and I had made a playlist of songs to play during a New Year 's Eve party . " Microsoft Corp. , maker of the Zune , said a bug in the internal clock driver , related to the way the device handles a leap year , caused the malfunction in older Zune 30GB models . Matt Akers of the Zune Product Team wrote Wednesday on Zune.net that the problem should resolve itself after 7 a.m. ET Thursday . The Zune support page says users should allow the internal battery to fully drain , then recharge by connecting the Zune to a computer or AC power after noon GMT  7 a.m. ET  on New Year 's Day . "  Once the battery has sufficient power , the player should start normally . No other action is required -- you can go back to using your Zune ! " the site says . But some Zune owners still reported problems rebooting their MP3 players Thursday . "  It 's 9:15 a.m. -LSB- ET -RSB- and my Zune is looking just like it did yesterday , " posted one user . "  Went through the proper steps and still no go . Anybody have any ideas ? " "  Mine does n't work either , and yes , I can read and follow instructions . I did so three times , " posted another Zune owner at 10:17 a.m. ET . "  I then called tech support , they told me to charge it for 3 hours , and if that did n't work to call them back . " The mysterious problem surfaced late Tuesday and early Wednesday as Internet message boards were flooded with complaints about Zunes freezing , prompting Y2K-like speculation about end-of-year hardware or software problems . "  It seems that every Zune on the planet has just frozen up and will not work , " posted a Mountain Home , Idaho , user on CNN 's iReport.com . "  I have 3 and they all in the same night stopped working . " Another iReporter said he was working the night shift at a Toys R Us store in Puerto Rico when his Zune player and the Zunes of four co-workers all failed about 1:30 a.m. ET Wednesday . iReport.com : They all froze up "  It froze and there was no way to turn it off so you just have to wait until the batteries went dead . You ca n't push any buttons or anything , " Carlos Colon told CNN . Some Zune users dubbed the crisis "  Y2K9 " or "  Z2K9 , " a reference to New Year 's Eve and concerns over potential widespread computer failures on January 1 , 2000 -- fears that proved unfounded . Microsoft says it will keep users posted via the tech-support page on http://www.zune.net/en-us/support/zune30.htm . Microsoft released its first Zune 30GB music player , a competitor to Apple 's popular iPod , in 2006 . No widespread glitches have been reported this week in its second-generation 80GB or 120GB models .	NEW : Some owners were able to restart their Zune music players Thursday morning Microsoft on Wednesday said problem should resolve itself after 7 a.m. ET Thursday Users should allow internal battery to fully drain , then recharge , Web site says Thousands of older 30GB Zune players froze simultaneously late Tuesday
Washington  CNN  -- Veteran Rep. John Boehner of Ohio became the 61st speaker of the House of Representatives Wednesday as Republicans officially took charge of the chamber for the first time in four years and dramatically changed Washington 's political landscape . Democrats maintained control of the Senate for the new 112th Congress , but with a reduced majority . The change likely presages a stark ideological conflict with President Barack Obama , who is preparing to defend his legislative accomplishments of the past two years and position himself for a re-election campaign in 2012 . Ninety-four new House members were sworn in Wednesday , along with 13 new senators . The new House has the largest freshman class with no previous experience in elective office since 1948 . Republicans now hold a 242-193 majority in the House . Democrats hold at 53-47 majority in the Senate . Boehner , first elected to the House in 1990 , inherited the speaker 's gavel from Rep. Nancy Pelosi , D-California . Boehner 's rise to the top position caps a remarkable political comeback . He was voted out of the House leadership in 1998 after Republicans unexpectedly lost seats to Democrats that year . Ten of Boehner 's 11 siblings were present when he was formally sworn in by Michigan Rep. John Dingell , the longest-serving member of the House . "  Hard work and tough decisions will be required of the 112th Congress . No longer can we fall short , " Boehner said after taking the gavel . "  No longer can we kick the can down the road . The people voted to end business as usual , and today we begin carrying out their instructions . " He promised minority Democrats "  an honest debate " and "  a fair and open process . " "  There 's a great deal of scar tissue that 's been built up on both sides of the aisle , " he said . But "  we can disagree without being disagreeable . " Pelosi , before handing over the gavel , reiterated that House Democrats are prepared to work with the Republicans on proposals to help the middle class , create jobs , and cut the deficit . "  We extend the hand of friendship , " she said . "  But where we can not find common ground , we must stand our ground . " She also appeared to predict a quick Democratic resurgence , promising that "  two years from now when we come together , things will be different . " The first order of business for the new House majority was passage of a new set of rules to govern the chamber . In a nod to GOP freshmen with ties to the conservative Tea Party , all new legislation will be required to include a "  Constitutional Authority Statement , " specifying which section of the Constitution allows for passage of the bill . The Constitution will be read aloud on the House floor on Thursday .	John Boehner is sworn in as the new House speaker in the 112th Congress Clashes over spending issues are likely to dominate the new Congress The health care law will be back in the news
The afeared nasty weather did n't show up for the Super Bowl on Sunday . Neither did the Denver Broncos . But Madison Avenue , with its hundreds of millions of dollars worth of commercials , was there . And it looks like the ad men and women have caught on to this whole social media thing . For the first time , more than half of all commercials aired during the big game included a social hashtag . From Chevy 's #SilveradoStrong to Coke 's #AmericaIsBeautiful , 57 % of the ads featured hashtags , those searchable terms that have spread from Twitter to Instagram , Facebook and other platforms . That 's up from 50 % last year and 7 % the year before -- a remarkable ascent , considering that Audi made news just three years ago when it became the first Super Bowl advertiser to push to Twitter . Despite Twitter 's buzz factor , 1.2 billion-user-strong Facebook may still be Madison Avenue 's platform of choice . Facebook got five specific mentions in ads , compared to Twitter 's four . "  Several large trends are converging to fuel this phenomenon , " wrote Kevin Bobowski for AdWeek . "  Television 's power is waning , making must-see TV that consumers choose to watch live ... more valuable to advertisers than ever before . But as the price tags for these live TV spots rise , brands want something more than 30 seconds of TV exposure for their $ 4 million . They are finding that extra value on social media . " There was plenty of action for them to court . Twitter reported that a record 24.9 million tweets about the game were sent during the telecast . That topped the 24.1 million from last year 's game . And while that increase can be attributed , at least in part , to the growth of social media use as a whole , it further establishes Twitter as a Super Bowl party within a party , where people expect to share , and be entertained , during big live events . The biggest Twitter moment came when Seattle 's Percy Harvin ran a kickoff back 87 yards to open the second half and , essentially , seal the Broncos ' fate . That generated a whopping 381,605 tweets per minute . That was much higher than Twitter 's peak during last year 's Super Bowl , which reached 231,500 tweets per minute during the Superdome blackout of the third quarter . "  Not only do consumers watch the game and the ads on their televisions , but they keep their devices at the ready to engage with that content , " said Scott Allan , of social-marketing firm AddThis . Cars led the way , according to AddThis . Maserati , Kia and Jaguar saw the biggest increases in the amount of social engagement after their commercials aired , according to the company 's analysis . Coca-Cola also generated lots of social chatter with an ad featuring citizens singing "  America the Beautiful " in a range of languages , from English to Spanish to Arabic . Some took to Twitter to complain that the song should be sung in English , which prompted others to defend the ad and cry racism . Even folks who did n't fork over the millions of bucks needed to get airtime during the game were doing their best to get noticed . JC Penney made a splash with tweets like this : "  Toughdown Seadawks !! Is sSeattle going toa runaway wit h this ??? " Users and some media outlets speculated aloud that a tipsy or illiterate employee had commandeered the JC Penney account before the retailer revealed that it was all a promotion for mittens . And , believe it or not , there were even some social media moments from the game that did n't involve anyone trying to make money . From Broadway Joe Namath 's throwback fur coat to Hillary Clinton 's swipe at Fox News , social media followed , and amplified , every moment  that Hillary post had been retweeted more than 55,000 times by midday Monday  . On Monday morning , 9 of the 10 top-trending terms on Facebook were Super Bowl-related , from Bill O'Reilly 's interview with President Barack Obama before the game to the touching text received by Broncos player Shaun Phillips from his son after the game .	More than half of Super Bowl ads included social hashtags More ads featured Facebook mentions than Twitter The game generated nearly 25 million tweets , more than last year Experts say mobile-ready viewers expect to be social
CNN  -- The SpaceX Dragon capsule remains on course for the International Space Station despite losing one of nine booster engines , but a satellite launched on the same rocket did n't reach its intended orbit , its operator said Monday . SpaceX launched the first commercial space cargo mission on Sunday night . But a minute and 19 seconds after the Falcon 9 booster lifted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , one of the nine Merlin engines that power the rocket "  lost pressure suddenly , " the company disclosed Monday . The rocket "  did exactly what it was designed to do , " as its flight computer made adjustments to keep the Dragon headed into the proper orbit . The unmanned capsule , which is carrying about 1,000 pounds of supplies for the space station , is scheduled to arrive at the orbital platform on Wednesday , SpaceX said . Opinion : SpaceX -- A pioneer in space and on Earth However , the rocket also was carrying a satellite for the New Jersey-based communications company Orbcomm . The satellite separated properly from the second stage of the Falcon 9 -- but the engine trouble meant the satellite would not pass clear of a safety zone if it fired its own engine , leaving it in a lower orbit than planned , Orbcomm said in a statement issued Monday night . Engineers from Orbcomm and its partner on the project , Sierra Nevada Corporation , "  have been in contact with the satellite and are working to determine if and the extent to which the orbit can be raised to an operational orbit using the satellite 's on-board propulsion system , " the statement said . Neither SpaceX nor Orbcomm responded to request for comment about the satellite issue . California-based SpaceX said earlier that controllers are reviewing flight data in an effort to figure out what happened to the booster rocket , but initial readings indicate the No. 1 engine fairing broke apart under stress . In May : Dragon returns to Earth after ` grand slam ' space mission "  We know the engine did not explode , because we continued to receive data from it , " the company said . But it said two of NASA 's Saturn V boosters lost engines on two flights during the Apollo program , and the Falcon 9 "  is designed to handle an engine-out situation and still complete its mission . " The failure occurred second after the booster achieved supersonic speed and approached its moment of maximum aerodynamic pressure after liftoff . Video posted online by the company shows a flash as the rocket ascends , followed by what appears to be debris falling away from the accelerating craft . Sunday 's launch was the first of a dozen freight runs that SpaceX is scheduled to make to the station under a contract with NASA , which plans to turn much of its focus toward exploring deep into the solar system . NASA Administrator Charles Bolden called it "  a critical event in space flight . " SpaceX , meanwhile , is looking beyond just cargo flights to developing a human-rated version of the Dragon that would carry astronauts to the ISS . It 's one of three companies , along with Sierra Nevada and aerospace giant Boeing , that NASA has chosen to work on the project . And within the next few months , Orbital Sciences is expected to fly its own demonstration flight to the space station . Instead of using Cape Canaveral as its launch site , the company 's rocket will take off from Wallops Island , off the coast of Virginia . Orbital has a nearly $ 2 billion contract with NASA for station resupply missions .	NEW : Communications company says its satellite did n't reach proper orbit One of nine rocket engines failed on the SpaceX booster after Sunday 's launch The flight computer adjusted for the failure and kept the Dragon capsule on course The unmanned capsule is scheduled to reach the space station on Wednesday
CNN  -- World No. 2 Rafael Nadal battled from behind to win another epic encounter with his great rival Roger Federer on Thursday and earn a place in the Australian Open final . The Spaniard triumphed 6-7  5-7  6-2 7-6  7-5  6-4 in three hours and 42 minutes as he set up a clash with either defending champion Novak Djokovic or British fourth seed Andy Murray , who meet in Friday 's second semifinal . Nadal , seeking his 11th grand slam title , extended his winning record over Swiss third seed Federer to 18-9 -- and 8-2 in major tournaments . Federer , who has a record 16 grand slam titles to his name , saved a match point but was unable to repeat the form that had seen the 30-year-old not drop a set in his previous five matches in Melbourne . It capped a remarkable turnaround in fortunes for Nadal , who feared that he might not be fit to start the tournament . "  Sunday afternoon , 24 hours to play my first match , I was in my room crying because I believed I did n't have the chance to play in Melbourne , " he told reporters . "  Two weeks later I am here in the finals , so it is a dream for me because I had very bad expectations 24 hours before the first match , and now two weeks later I am playing well . I am in the final . "  It 's a fantastic victory for me . I 'm very , very happy playing against the greatest in history in semifinals , in a big match on Rod Laver Arena . It 's one of the victories that 's going to stay in my mind forever . " Federer has not beaten Nadal at a grand slam tournament since Wimbledon in 2007 but the Swiss took the opening set on a tiebreak . Nadal , who lost six finals to Djokovic last year and his No. 1 ranking , responded with a determination that he seems to reserve for matches against his friend and longtime foe . "  We have had good matches over the years , " Federer said . "  I enjoy playing him . The crowd really gets into it , which is nice . We have a lot of respect for each other , which is good , too , I think . "  We also play well against each other . I always think he plays a bit better against me than against other players , but that 's good for him . " Even an extended break for Australia Day fireworks in the second set could not halt the 25-year-old Nadal 's momentum , as he won 11 points in a row . "  It 's not helpful , that 's for sure , " Federer said . "  I probably do n't want to say I would have lost the set anyway , but I was down in the score . "  But they told us before , so it was n't a surprise for us . "	Rafael Nadal will play world No. 1 Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray in final Spanish second seed beats Roger Federer in four sets in Thursday 's semifinal The 2009 champion extends his career record over great rival to 18-9 Defending champion Djokovic plays two-time runner-up Murray on Friday
CNN  -- Some lawmakers lashed out at the CEOs of the Big Three auto companies Wednesday for flying private jets to Washington to request taxpayer bailout money . "  There is a delicious irony in seeing private luxury jets flying into Washington , D.C. , and people coming off of them with tin cups in their hand , saying that they 're going to be trimming down and streamlining their businesses , " Rep. Gary Ackerman , D-New York , told the chief executive officers of Ford , Chrysler and General Motors at a hearing of the House Financial Services Committee . "  It 's almost like seeing a guy show up at the soup kitchen in high hat and tuxedo . It kind of makes you a little bit suspicious . " He added , "  could n't you all have downgraded to first class or jet-pooled or something to get here ? It would have at least sent a message that you do get it . " The executives -- Alan Mulally of Ford , Robert Nardelli of Chrysler and Richard Wagoner of GM -- were seeking support for a $ 25 billion loan package . Later Wednesday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid reversed plans to hold a test vote on the measure . An aide told CNN that Reid decided to cancel the test vote when it became clear the measure would fall well short of the 60 votes needed . Reid did , however , make a procedural move that could allow a vote on a compromise , which several senators from auto-producing states were feverishly trying to craft . At Wednesday 's hearing , Rep. Brad Sherman , D-California , pressed the private-jet issue , asking the three CEOs to "  raise their hand if they flew here commercial . " "  Let the record show , no hands went up , " Sherman said . "  Second , I 'm going to ask you to raise your hand if you are planning to sell your jet in place now and fly back commercial . Let the record show , no hands went up . " The executives did not specifically respond to those remarks . In their testimony , they said they are streamlining business operations in general . Watch Nardelli ask for help " When contacted by CNN , the three auto companies defended the CEOs ' travel as standard procedure . Like many other major corporations , all three have policies requiring their CEOs to travel in private jets for safety reasons . "  Making a big to-do about this when issues vital to the jobs of millions of Americans are being discussed in Washington is diverting attention away from a critical debate that will determine the future health of the auto industry and the American economy , " GM spokesman Tom Wilkinson said in a statement . Chrysler spokeswoman Lori McTavish said in a statement , "  while always being mindful of company costs , all business travel requires the highest standard of safety for all employees . " Ford spokeswoman Kelli Felker pointed to the company 's travel policy and did not provide a statement elaborating . But those statements did little to mollify the critics . "  If it is simply the company 's money at stake , then only the shareholders can be upset or feel as it might be excessive , " said Thomas Schatz , president of the watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste . But in this case , he said , "  it 's outrageous . " "  They 're coming to Washington to beg the taxpayers to help them . It 's unseemly to be running around on a $ 20,000 flight versus a $ 500 round trip , " Schatz added . iReport.com : Should the Big Three be bailed out ? The companies did not disclose how much the flights cost . Analysts contacted by CNN noted that the prices vary with the size of the plane and the crew , and whether the aircraft is leased or owned by the company . Analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said that $ 20,000 is a legitimate ballpark figure for a round trip corporate jet flight between Detroit , Michigan , and Washington . When asked whether they plan to change their travel policies as part of the restructuring needed to shore up their finances , none of the companies answered directly . But they said they have cut back on travel in general as revenues have fallen . CNN 's Emily Anderson , Virginia Nicolaidis and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Reid cancels Thursday 's planned test vote on bailout measure Lawmaker : Flying jet to hearing like going to "  soup kitchen in high hat and tuxedo " Rep. Brad Sherman asked CEOs whether they would fly back commercial Company representatives pointed to safety , travel policies as reasons for flying jets
CNN  It was a shocking and gruesome scene : Police officers in hazmat suits retrieving dead infants among "  mounds of used diapers and feces " from a Massachusetts home back in September . Three bodies in total were found amid the squalor at 23 St. Paul Street in Blackstone , a town on the Rhode Island border , and on Tuesday , their mother was charged with murder in the deaths of two of them . Erika Murray , 31 , was indicted on nine charges in all , according to Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early . Those charges included neglect , abuse , reckless endangerment , concealing a fetal death and even animal cruelty in addition to the murder charges . She 's being held on $ 1 million bail . Her boyfriend , who also lived at 23 St. Paul , was also indicted Tuesday , but not on charges of murder . Ray Rivera , 38 , was indicted on two counts of assault and battery on a child causing substantial bodily injury , two counts of reckless endangerment of a child , two counts of cruelty to animals and one count of cultivating marijuana . He is being held on $ 100,000 bail . "  He 's making absolutely no statement at this time other than to absolutely deny these allegations , " Rivera 's attorney Nicole Longton said according to CNN affiliate WHDH . Father says he was unaware of the children Both Rivera and Murray maintain that he not only never knew about the three infants he fathered that died in his home , he also was somehow unaware of two of the four living ones that the state removed from his 1,150-square-foot home . DNA tests determined that Rivera was the father of all seven , according to WHDH . "  It is a mystery to me how Mr. Rivera could have failed to notice  the  numerous pregnancies  of  the woman with whom he shared a bed , " Murray 's attorney told CNN in September . "  It 's a mystery to me how he could have failed to realize that there were two children living under the same roof as him , and he did n't know about it . " That attorney , Keith Halpern , told CNN Tuesday that according to Murray , only one of the three infants was born alive , and it lived only a very brief time . "  Murray  put it down for a nap , she left it alone for an hour or two and when she came back , it was n't breathing , " he said . Halpern said he had not yet read the grand jury proceedings , but it was his understanding that "  there was no evidence presented indicating Erika had done anything to cause the death of any of the children , " and that the medical examiner "  testified that there was no determination made regarding the cause or means of death . " Early said the murder charges stem from the two infants who were found dressed in onesies and diapers , but according to Halpern , that is not an indication that they were ever alive . "  That is nothing more than an inference that the baby was ever alive . " CNN affiliate WCVB reported in October that the skeleton of one of the three infants was found stuffed inside a backpack inside the closet of the bedroom shared by the two children Rivera knew about .	Mother charged with murder months after dead infants found in squalid home DA : 2 infants were dressed in diapers and ` onesies ' Father also charged , but not with murder
CNN  -- "  Make us dream " read the message . As the Liverpool supporters danced and sang at the Theatre of Dreams , the nightmare continued for Manchester United manager David Moyes . A crushing 3-0 victory over United was the least Brendan Rodgers ' side deserved as it outclassed and outfought an insipid and pitiful United . Two goals from Steven Gerrard , both from the penalty spot and a Luis Suarez strike , condemned United to defeat and gave yet more credence that Liverpool is a serious title contender . Liverpool , which sits four points behind leader Chelsea with a game in hand , was a class apart on an afternoon where United 's deficiencies were laid bare for all to see . "  It 's a fantastic day personally but we came here to win the game , " Gerrard told Sky Sports . "  We 'll enjoy tonight but we need to move on quickly . We 've shown today we 're genuine contenders and we 'll fight to the end . "  We played a diamond today and totally bossed the midfield and controlled the game . The Manchester United defense will not have had a harder game than against our strikers today . "  We believe that we can win the league . But the easiest thing in football is to talk the talk . We have to treat Cardiff and Sunderland the same as Manchester United . I maybe got a bit cocky with the last penalty but scored the two that mattered most . " Last season , United finished 28 points clear of Liverpool on its way to winning the Premier League title . Now , Moyes ' side is 14 points behind and faces the embarrassment of not even managing to qualify for European football . On Wednesday , United meets Greek side Olympiakos in the second leg of its last 16 Champions League tie needing to overturn a two-goal deficit to progress . Failure would represent another disastrous episode in Moyes ' reign since replacing Alex Ferguson at the end of last season . Worse for United is the success of its greatest rival - Liverpool . A fifth successive league victory was recorded with consummate ease as United 's lack of cohesion afforded the likes of Suarez and strike partner Daniel Sturridge more room than they could ever have imagined . Liverpool dominated the opening 45 minutes and went ahead when Rafael , already on a yellow card , handled inside the penalty area . Rafael , fortunate not to be sent off , then watched on as Gerrard expertly placed the ball into the corner . United , with Wayne Rooney , Juan Mata and Robin van Persie , all on the field , struggled to make any real impact . Its only real opportunity of the first half came when Rooney 's fierce effort was tipped away by Simon Mignolet in the Liverpool goal . Quite what Moyes said to his players at halftime was unclear but he almost certainly not have expected what was to follow . Just 24 second had elapsed when Phil Jones clumsily bundled over Joe Allen in the United penalty area and Gerrard swept home the spot kick . United tried to respond and was unfortunate to be awarded a penalty when Glen Johnson appeared to handle . Van Persie sent a header wide of the post as the home side attempted to gain a foothold in the game . But any hope of a comeback should have been extinguished with 12 minutes to go when Nemanja Vidic was adjudged to have fouled Sturridge in the penalty area . Vidic was shown a second yellow card and promptly dismissed but Gerrard could only hit the post on this occasion . There was still time for Liverpool to appeal for a fourth penalty when Michael Carrick looked to have tripped Sturridge but referee Mark Clattenburg waved away the appeals . Suarez should have added a third after outpacing the United defense but David de Gea produced a sublime save to deny the Liverpool striker . But the Uruguayan did n't make the same mistake minutes later . Sturridge attempted a shot from the edge of the penalty area and when the ball was deflected into Suarez 's path , the forward coolly slotted the ball home . The third and final goal sparked yet more jubilant scenes in the away section . "  We 're going to win the league , " sang the Liverpool supporters . Those chants may be premature but with Chelsea and Manchester City both still to visit Anfield , anything is possible . "  Make us dream " read the banner -- those dreams could yet come true . Gunners In the day 's other game , Arsenal defeated north London rival Tottenham at White Hart Lane . Tomas Rosicky scored the only goal of the game after just 72 seconds . The victory moves Arsenal to within four points of leader Chelsea with a game in hand .	Liverpool defeats Manchester United 3-0 at Old Trafford Steven Gerrard scored twice from the penalty spot Gerrard missed a third penalty before Luis Suarez scored Arsenal defeats Tottenham 1-0 in north London derby
CNN  -- Ten years ago , Sharon Rocha was expecting her pregnant daughter , Laci Peterson , at dinner on Christmas Eve . Instead , she received a call that Laci was missing . Teams of police and community members scoured the woods and fields near Modesto , California , that night , again on Christmas Day , and for weeks afterward , but there was no sign of her . Four months later , her body washed ashore 90 miles away in the San Francisco Bay . She was 27 . But it is Christmas , not springtime , that stirs a deep sadness in Laci Peterson 's mother . Every Christmas season brings a reminder that Laci 's life and her unborn son 's were taken during what should have been a time of joy and anticipation . "  It 's still hard to believe it happened , and that it 's been 10 years , " Rocha said Thursday over the phone , speaking slowly , her voice cracking . As the bright lights go up in the neighborhood , and Christmas carols fill the air , she says , "  My mind wanders back . " The words do not flow easily . Even now , Rocha finds it difficult to speak of her heartbreak without being overcome by tears . The parents of the 6 - and 7-year-olds slain at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , are just embarking on the painful journey that Rocha has been on for a decade . If anyone knows the pain of celebrating the holidays when they are indelibly connected to tragedy , it is Sharon Rocha . Does she have any advice for the parents of Newtown ? Not really . You just go on . You have no other choice . With a decade 's worth of hindsight , Rocha sees a pattern in her sadness . The holidays are particularly hard every year . "  It will probably be like this forever , " she sighs . This year was one of the hard ones , perhaps the hardest . Her unease began months earlier . Her son Brent and his family also live in California , and Rocha has four grandchildren . They help fill the void left by the deaths of Laci and her unborn child , a boy who would have been born that February and named Conner . One of her grandsons is close to the age Conner would be . The grandkids help Rocha enjoy the holidays , "  to an extent , " she says . "  If it were n't for the grandkids , though , I would n't have a Christmas . " She thinks often of the grandson she never knew , wondering what Conner would have looked like , what his personality would have been like . Laci 's half-sister Amy  they shared a father  is a hairstylist and still cuts Rocha 's hair . Rocha may not be related to Amy by blood , but she feels closer to Laci when she 's with Amy , and has gotten to know her better over the years . Amy is expecting her first child , a son , in February . Is it an eerie coincidence , or perhaps just sisters in sync ? For years , Rocha would burst into tears when she used her blow dryer . Now she knows why : Amy was teaching Laci how to style her long , straight , glossy hair with a curling iron right before Laci vanished . The weeks after Laci disappeared were a blur as Rocha waited to hear from her daughter or find out what had happened to her . Rocha and others slowly grew suspicious of Laci 's husband , Scott Peterson . They came to believe from his odd behavior that he not only knew what happened to her , he killed her himself . By the time his wife 's body washed up , Scott seemed poised to flee the country . He was arrested in San Diego County . He had dyed his hair . Prosecutors posited this theory at his trial : Peterson , who was having an extramarital affair with a massage therapist , smothered or strangled Laci in the bedroom of their Modesto home on December 23 or 24 , 2002 . He then dumped her body in the San Francisco Bay during a Christmas Eve fishing trip . But there was little forensic evidence , and Peterson maintains his innocence to this day . The former fertilizer salesman , who was married to Laci for five years , was convicted of murdering Laci and Conner . He was sentenced to death , which appears to be years away . Hundreds of people gathered outside the courthouse and cheered the jury 's decision . Rocha does n't follow the news about Peterson . But she knew something happened in his case last summer because of all the voice mail messages she received . Peterson 's attorneys had just filed his appeal and the media wanted her reaction . She read no further than the first page of the court filing , which asks for a new trial . Rocha sold the home she lived in when Laci disappeared , but she still lives in Modesto . Laci and Scott 's house on Modesto 's Covena Avenue is for sale again , listed at less than half the 2005 purchase price of $ 390,000 . Beth Karas is a correspondent for In Session , which is produced by HLN and airs on sister network TruTV . She covered the Scott Peterson trial .	Laci Peterson went missing 10 years ago Husband Scott Peterson was convicted of murdering her and their unborn son Laci 's mother , Sharon Rocha , struggles with a deep sadness around the holidays
CNN  -- The British government condemned China 's execution of a British national Tuesday on drug smuggling charges . "  I ... am appalled and disappointed that our persistent requests for clemency have not been granted , " Prime Minister Gordon Brown said . "  I am particularly concerned that no mental health assessment was undertaken . " Akmal Shaikh was convicted of carrying up to 4 kilograms  8.8 pounds  of heroin at the Urumqi Airport in September 2007 . According to Chinese law , 50 grams  1.76 ounces  is the threshold for the death penalty . China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London . "  Drug trafficking is a grave crime worldwide , " the statement said . "  The concerns of the British side have been duly noted and taken into consideration by the Chinese judicial authorities in the legal process , and Mr. Shaikh 's rights and interests under Chinese law are properly respected and guaranteed . " The 53-year-old is the first European executed in China in 50 years , according to the British legal group Reprieve . The Chinese ambassador to the UK , Fu Ying , was summoned to the British Foreign Office in the hours following Shaikh 's execution , the Foreign Office told CNN . The ambassador was set to meet Ivan Lewis , minister of state . "  I had a difficult conversation with the Chinese ambassador today , " Lewis said in a statement following the meeting . "  I made clear that the execution of Mr. Shaikh was totally unacceptable and that China had failed in its basic human rights responsibilities in this case , in particular that China 's court had not considered the representations made about Mr. Shaikh 's mental condition . " "  We are deeply saddened , stunned and disappointed at the news of the execution of our beloved cousin , Akmal , " Soohail and Nasir Shaikh said in a statement issued on behalf of the family . "  This was carried out this morning despite repeated requests for clemency and a proper appraisal of Akmal 's mental state . " His family and the British government had asked Chinese leaders for clemency . His supporters argued that Shaikh was mentally ill , and that Chinese officials did not take his mental condition into account when trying him . Shaikh 's advocates say he suffered from a bipolar disorder and that he was tricked into carrying heroin into China with promises of a career as a pop singer . "  The European Union condemns in the strongest terms the execution of Akmal Shaikh , " the EU presidency said in a statement . "  It deeply regrets the fact that China has not heeded the repeated calls by the European Union and one of its member states for the death sentence passed against Mr. Shaikh to be commuted . " The EU remains opposed to capital punishment , the statement said . Brown raised Shaikh 's case with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao during the international climate summit in Denmark earlier this month . British Foreign Secretary David Miliband echoed Gordon Brown 's concerns about the execution . "  The UK is completely opposed to the use of the death penalty in all circumstances , " Miliband said . "  However , I also deeply regret the fact that our specific concerns about the individual in this case were not taken into consideration . ... These included mental health issues , and inadequate professional interpretation during the trial . " Sally Rowen , legal director with Reprieve , condemned the execution . "  The death of Akmal Shaikh is a sad indictment of today 's world , and particularly of China 's legal system , " she said . "  Akmal was a gentle man who suffered from a tormenting illness ... and was betrayed and deliberately killed by one of the most powerful nations on Earth . " Before the execution , Philip Alston , the U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial executions , said it would be a "  major step backwards for China " to execute a mentally ill man . "  Both Chinese and international law clearly indicate that a person who committed a crime while suffering from significant mental illness should not be subjected to the death penalty , " Alston said in a statement released by Reprieve . China expressed hope that the case would not affect the relationship between the two nations . "  We value the China-British relationship , " said Jiang Yu , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman . "  So we hope the British authority can treat this matter rationally and not let it create new barrier between the two countries . I have emphasized that this is an independent criminal case . It has nothing to do with anything else . "	China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London Akmal Shaikh 's supporters said he was mentally ill and officials did not take that into account when trying him British government had asked China not to execute Shaikh but China says it has followed law Family : "  We are deeply saddened , stunned and disappointed "
CNN  -- Formula 1 's sole tire suppliers Pirelli -- whose products came in for yet more criticism during Sunday 's stop-start Spanish Grand Prix -- have admitted that some of the testing they conduct on their tires is "  inadequate " . In 100 minutes of driving in Barcelona this weekend , a total of 82 pit stops were made by the field of 22 drivers -- prompting many involved at the top end of the sport to launch frustrated tirades about how intense tire degradation is ruining F1 racing . Milan-based Pirelli have revealed they are announcing changes to their range of F1 tires on Tuesday , which may delight those who point out that many of F1 's biggest stars sometimes lap slower than their counterparts in GP2 . "  Winter tests are inadequate and carried out in conditions far from the reality of the season 's races , " Pirelli spokesman Francesco Tarallo told CNN . "  The cars are much faster this year than last year  as well  . " The admission of the inadequacy of the testing will increase the pressure on Pirelli , who were tasked in 2011 -- when they took on the sole supplier role -- with designing a less durable tire in order to force more pit stops and so create more unpredictable racing . Red Bull team boss Dietrich Mateschitz says this policy has gone too far , with the Austrian deeply critical of what he sees as the debilitating effects of fast-wearing tires after Sunday 's fifth race of the season . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso won on home soil , with Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber finishing fourth and fifth respectively . "  Everyone knows what is happening , " Mateschitz told Austrian reporters . "  This has nothing to do with racing any more . This is a competition in tire management . " "  Real car racing looks different . Under the given circumstances , we can neither get the best out of our car nor our drivers . There is no more real qualifying and fighting for the pole , as everyone is just saving tires for the race . "  If we would make the best of our car we would have to stop eight or 10 times a race , depending on the track . " Barcelona 's Circuit de Catalunya is always tough on tires , but even Pirelli 's motorsport director Paul Hembery felt that the level of pit stops -- with Alonso changing tires four times -- was too much . "  Strategy was again at the forefront of the Spanish Grand Prix , which as usual was very demanding on the tires because of the unique characteristics of this circuit , " the Briton said . "  This is why we saw high levels of degradation , which should not be seen again to this extent for the rest of the year . Our aim is to have between two and three stops at every race , so it 's clear that four is too many : in fact , it 's only happened once before , in Turkey during our first year in the sport . " In that 2011 Turkish Grand Prix , Red Bull duo Vettel and Webber finished first and second respectively but the German , a three-time world champion , concedes that his team 's driving is having a negative effect on the Pirellis . "  The first three cars were a little bit too fast for us and regarding looking after the tires , they did a better job , " said Vettel , who leads the championship by four points from Lotus 's Kimi Raikkonen  who finished second on Sunday  . "  We need to catch up ; we 're not going the pace of the car , we 're going the pace of the tires and obviously we do something to make the tires wear more . " Tire degradation was the major talking point on Sunday , with Force India driver Paul Di Resta so bewildered by the number of stops that he radioed his team during the race to ask : "  Can anybody tell me what is going on ? " Di Resta was the highest-placed Briton in the race , finishing seventh , just ahead of compatriot Jenson Button -- who shed further light on the effects of the tires in his post-race comments . "  When we 're going round doing laps three seconds slower than a GP2 car did in qualifying , and only six seconds quicker than a GP3 car did in the race , there 's something wrong , " the McLaren driver said . "  This is the pinnacle of motor sport . We should n't be driving round so slowly to look after the tires . " Button added that even the thrill of overtaking has diminished considerably , since drivers know that they are often going past because "  the other guy 's tires are destroyed " , while the need to ensure that the tires do not get too hot or cold demand extreme concentration from those at the wheel . So drivers may be buoyed by the changes that Pirelli are set to announce on Tuesday . "  We 'll be looking to make some changes , in time for Silverstone , to make sure that we maintain our target and solve any issues rapidly , " said Hembery . Before the British Grand Prix takes place on June 28-30 , there are two more races where the drivers will have to use the existing tires . The first takes place on May 26 in Monaco , where tire degradation is rarely an issue given the narrow streets and slow corners , whereas next month 's Canadian GP may well throw up similar issues to the pain in Spain suffered by most drivers on Sunday .	F1 supplier Pirelli admit inadequacies of winter testing Admission comes on eve of Pirelli announcement on changing tires Move comes after widespread criticism of tire degradation in Sunday 's Spanish Grand Prix
CNN  -- Who would n't expect great things from the world 's second largest land mass ? This is a nation hoarding enough prosperity , natural beauty and curling talent to serve a population a hundred times its size . But Canada is more than elbow room , good roads , respected banks , promo posters of Mounties on horseback , sweet views of Niagara Falls and tired media frenzies about the odd crack-smoking mayor . This country could really brag about all the stuff that truly sets it apart . Not that it ever would . Self-effacing modesty is one the more endearing Canadian virtues -- along with these 10 national assets that really put the "  O " in Canada . 1 . Apologizing It 's not so easy to get a simple apology in most of the world . Being jostled in India . Getting your foot stepped on in Greece . Not having the door held open for you in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky . That 's just all part of unrepentant life . In Canada , apologies happen constantly -- "  sorries " flying in from all sides like swarms of affable killer bees . Apologies are issued not just for some negligible mishap , but for actually having the gall to be on the receiving end of one . A Queen 's University poll titled "  Sorry ... I 'm Canadian , " found that 90 % of Canadians aged 18-25 will immediately apologize if a stranger bumps into them . But while it may be true that some of the ugliest brawls in Canada have been waged over who 's sorrier , travelers should be wary of such niceties , notes another Canadian apologist : "  Sometimes we 're actually expressing our sympathy for your shortcomings . " 2 . Lakes and "  Cottage Country " Canada has more lakes than any other country -- about 3 million . The province of Ontario alone contains about a third of the world 's freshwater , spread over 250,000 lakes . No surprise that "  heading up to the lake " is more than just a favorite national phrase . It 's Canada 's sacred version of lighting out for the territory -- but with cottages furnished with Muskoka chairs , Kevlar canoes and competing Gordon Lightfoot and loon mating call soundtracks . Recently , Ontario 's prime lake district , Muskoka , got the nod from National Geographic Traveler as the top summer destination -- in the world . Well , yeah , eh ? It 's beauty up there . 3 . Stand-in movie locations Even if you 've never set foot in Vancouver , Halifax or those handful of cities in between , you 've frequently been staring right at them without knowing it . Why ? Because Hollywood loves making movies in Canada -- big movies -- while passing the settings off as New York City , Wyoming , ancient Persia , the bow of history 's most ill-fated oceanliner ... Basically anywhere else but Canada . If you 've sat through "  The Incredible Hulk , " you 've visited Toronto 's Yonge Street -- at least via celluloid . "  Brokeback Mountain " ? That ai n't the American West , pardner . It 's Southern Alberta 's Rocky Mountain country . "  Capote " ? You 're not in Kansas , Dorothy . But Winnipeg . "  Twilight " ? Vancouver . "  Blades of Glory " ? Montreal . "  Titanic " ? Much of it filmed off the coast of Halifax . And where in the world was Morgan Freeman 's shack in "  Unforgiven " ? Just up the road from Calgary in the Drumheller Valley -- a moonscape-ish backcountry that 's also passed for Egypt , Persia , Armenia and East Africa in several film and TV productions . 4 . Air In a recent national air quality study by the World Health Organization , Canada placed third for the cleanest air on the planet . Until the first and second placers  Estonia and Mauritius  are covered in CNN Travel 's "  better than anywhere else " series , we direct your breath to Canadian cities -- which average a relatively pristine 13 micrograms of PM10 particles per cubic meter . 5 . Humor Canadians are hilarious -- sometimes even intentionally -- as a disproportionate number of comic heavyweights like Jim Carrey , John Candy , Eugene Levy , Catherine O'Hara , Dan Aykroyd , Seth Rogen , Mike Myers , Phil Hartman , Michael Cera , Leslie Nielsen and so many others have repeatedly confirmed over the years . What makes Canadians so crazy funny ? The subject has launched sociological studies , none of which are funny at all . But even if you 've never watched SCTV , ca n't name a single member of "  The Kids in the Hall " and were n't aware that SNL was created and produced by a Torontonian , or that Montreal 's Just for Laughs Festival is the world 's biggest comedy festival , or that the most deadly funny movie sequence ever filmed  the "  Serpentine ! " scene from 1979 's "  The In-Laws "  was directed by a dude from Edmonton -- know this : If there 's one thing Canada barrels superbly at home or abroad , for whatever boring reason , it 's laughs . 6 . Chocolate bars Just a few giant corporations pump out most of the world 's mass market candy bars -- but not always with the same goods under that familiar-looking wrapper . "  Canadian chocolate is higher in fat and it is a higher particle size , " a Hershey 's senior chocolate expert recently noted in the National Post , adding that Hershey 's now offers a separate recipe for the more discriminating Canadian chocolate palate . "  Americans tend to gravitate toward a little more of a grittier or even cheesier flavor . " That 's why eating any of those generic chocolate bars or local Canadian faves like Caramilk , Aero , Mr. Big , heck even Sweet Marie in Saskatoon , is a creamy , velvety experience . And why a KitKat somewhere else is a gritty , cheesy , polyglycerol polyricinoleate-y one . 7 . Ski country Sitting across the border from Colorado , Utah , Wyoming and Vermont would be intimidating to most countries hawking their own powdery slopes . Not Canada , which boasts some of the best reasons to haul your skis or snowboard a little farther north . In the West , there 's Lake Louise , plunked right in gorgeous Banff National Park , and a ring of powder havens throughout eastern British Columbia . Whistler Blackcomb is one of the world 's leading ski resorts , getting a "  best in North America " nod from SKI Magazine last year . In the East , there 's Quebec 's beer-commercial-fun Laurentians -- where aprs-ski needs no translation . Heli-skiing ? That all started in the Canadian Bugaboos , which remains one of the best places to do it . 8 . Nation branding No national symbol is as ubiquitous as Canada 's maple leaf . From Newfoundland to Victoria , it 's everywhere you look -- a proud , unrelenting reminder of where you are . Not the United States . Not Australia . Not Nigeria . Canada . The most obsessive leaf activity occurs abroad , where generations of flag-bearing Canadian backpackers are famous for sewing maple leaf patches onto their bags just to make sure everyone 's clear at a glance who they are . Not American . Not German . Not Rarotongan . Canadian . See the leaf ? Canadian . "  No other country on earth seems to feel the same need to self-identify , " posts one traveler from an undisclosed country . 9 . Highway grub Road trips are all about the food . At least in places like Alberta or Manitoba , where nothing works up an appetite like hours of sedentary driving along some of the longest , straightest roads known to non-Australian mankind with nothing to do but count Petro-Canada stations -- and pull over for the best comfort food gracing any rest stop . Tim Hortons . Harvey 's . Swiss Chalet ... If you do n't know these names , it 's time to look beyond the Golden Arches . You can eat McNuggets wherever . Nothing says gustatory bliss on the Trans-Canada Highway like a peameal & natural smoked Bacon Bacon burger , or half-chicken plate with Chalet sauce , or a box of Timbits with a double-double coffee . Better grab a butter tart and Nanaimo bar , too . It 's a long way from Red Deer to Flin Flon . 10 . Adorable terms and phrases While you 'll be hard-pressed to find a real-life , toque-wearin ' local who 's ever called someone a "  hoser " or told them to "  take off , " Canadians do call their two-dollar coins "  Toonies , " cases of beer "  two-fours " and napkins "  serviettes " in polite company . Nowhere else will you be called a "  rink rat " for loitering at ice arenas . Or be "  given the gears " if you do something dumb . Or get asked , "  What do you pay for hydro ? " Or alerted that "  your gitch is showing " if your belt is too loose . Enough said . Jordan Rane is a Toronto native living without apologies  most of the time  in Los Angeles .	Poll titled "  Sorry ... I 'm Canadian , " finds 90 % of Canadians aged 18-25 apologize if a stranger bumps them Even if you 've never visited Canada , chances are you 've been staring at it in Hollywood movies "  Canadian chocolate is higher in fat and it is a higher particle size , " says a Hershey 's expert
CNN  -- A new version of Google Glass , the company 's breakthrough entry into the world of wearable tech , is on the way . Current testers , or "  Explorers , " in Google 's parlance , will get a chance to swap out their current models for the new ones , the company said in a Google + post . The new Google Glass hardware will work with eyeglasses or shades , and include an ear bud to replace the speaker in the current model . The bone-conduction speaker , which , similar to some hearing aids , literally sends sound waves through the skull to the ear , has been called faulty by some testers . The swap begins Friday and testers will have 60 days to decide if they want new Glass . The roughly 10,000 current testers also be able to invite up to three friends into the program , which requires testers to fork over the current $ 1,500 price of the glasses . "  Over the next few weeks , all Explorers will have the opportunity to invite three friends to join the program , " the post said . "  They 'll be able to buy Glass online and can have it shipped to their home , office , treehouse or igloo . We 're counting on you to get Glass to the people you think will make great Explorers . " Google has not said when Glass will go on sale to the general public , though it is expected to be some time next year . Google Glass , worn like regular glasses , has a high-resolution display and lets wearers use voice commands to shoot photos or videos and access features like e-mail , text messaging , Google Maps , Google search and a handful of other apps . It 's not clear what hardware changes will be made to make the new Glass work better with other eyeglasses , though some in the tech press were speculating that users will be able to insert prescription lenses into it . It 's possible to wear both Glass and eyeglasses currently , though many users who have tried have called it awkward . The post did n't say how the overall design of Glass will be tweaked in the next version . Looking a little bit like something out of an '80s sci-fi movie , some have said the device looks ... well ... goofy , at least on the sometimes geekish early adopters who have been sporting them . Glass has been a groundbreaker in wearable tech , a movement that 's shaping up to be the coming wave in the technology world . Samsung has weighed in with Galaxy Gear , a smartwatch that works with its Android smartphones . Google and Apple are believed to be joining the smartwatch market soon , and Pebble and Sony are just a couple of the other names that have wristwatch tech for sale . READ More than a watch : Apple 's entry into wearable tech	New Google Glass is on the way Second generation of Glass will work with eyeglasses , have ear bud About 10,000 testers will be able to invite three friends Google Glass currently costs $ 1,500 , even for testers
CNN  -- The body of a million-dollar lottery winner will be exhumed for additional testing after toxicology results revealed the Illinois man died of cyanide poisoning , a judge ruled Friday . Urooj Khan won the prize in June on a scratch-off ticket . The next month , he was dead . Investigators initially ruled Khan 's cause of death natural . But after being prompted by a relative , the Cook County medical examiner 's office revisited the case and found a lethal amount of cyanide in Khan 's system . "  That ... led us to issue an amended death certificate that  established  cyanide toxicity as the cause of death , and the manner of death as homicide , " Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Steve Cina said Monday . Authorities are hoping to use the exhumation to determine how the cyanide entered Khan 's system . The exhumation is expected to occur Thursday , CNN affiliate WGN reported . No arrests have been made in the case . "  We are investigating it as a murder , and we 're working closely with the medical examiner 's office , " Chicago police spokeswoman Melissa Stratton said Monday . Related : The problems with winning the lottery Khan , 46 , planned to use his winnings to pay his mortgage and bills , make a donation to St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital and invest more in his dry cleaning businesses . The check , which amounted after taxes to about $ 425,000 , was issued July 19 , according to CNN affiliate WGN , but Khan never got to spend it . The next night , Khan came home , ate dinner and went to bed , according to an internal police department document obtained by the Chicago Tribune . His family later heard him screaming and took him to a local hospital , where he was later pronounced dead , the paper reported , citing the document . Chicago police have n't offered details , including a possible motive , about what they call an "  ongoing investigation . " Talking briefly with CNN affiliate WBBM and the Tribune , Khan 's widow described her husband as kind and exemplary . Jimmy Goreel , who runs the 7-Eleven where the winning lottery ticket was sold , offered similarly glowing comments about Khan . "  I would never think that anybody ... would hurt him , " Goreel told WGN . "  He was a  nice person , very hopeful and gentle  and  very hard-working . " Related : Woman pleads not guilty in death of lottery winner CNN 's Greg Botelho and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Investigator want to know how cyanide entered Urooj Khan 's system He died a day after receiving winnings from $ 1 million scratch-off ticket in Illinois Cause of death has been ruled a homicide No arrests made
CNN  He moves grown men to tears , entrances millions with his footwork and sparks delirious celebrations from adoring fans -- and now Lionel Messi has become a famous artist 's latest muse . Japan 's Takashi Murakami portrait of the Barcelona great sold for # 317,000  $ 488,000  at a charity auction in London Thursday . "  Lionel Messi and a Universe of Flowers " depicts the Argentine surrounded by a psychedelic bouquet and forms a central part of an auction hosted by one of the world 's largest brokers of fine art Sotheby 's . The 1in11 charity -- launched by the Lionel Messi & FC Barcelona Foundation , UNICEF , and Reach Out To Asia that funds access to education and sports for children across the world , raised a total of $ 3.8 million . "  It was extraordinary . It 's a spectacular number , and we are very happy , " Ramon Pont , vice president of the FC Barcelona Foundation , said in a statement . "  Today , in addition to the artworks and the stars who have inspired them , the true protagonists are the children of Nepal , Indonesia , and Bangladesh , who will find it easier to go to school and fulfill their dreams . " British art enfant terrible Damien Hirst -- famous for pickling dead animals in formaldehyde -- also had a piece up for sale , capturing the beauty of Messi in a spin painting which sold for $ 562,000 . The art of football Many members of football 's elite are collectors of art -- David Beckham , Thierry Henry , Roman Abramovich and Fabio Capello , to name a few -- and the "  beautiful game " serves as inspiration to a host of artists across the globe . The artworks take wildly varying forms , from bright abstract compositions to painstaking tapestries . While Nicolas de Stael 's "  Footballeurs , " comprised of blobs of colors splashed liberally across the canvas , might look like it was done by somebody who got carried away with paint samples , it actually depicts one of the first ever football games to be played under floodlights in France 1952 . De Stael was so inspired by what he saw that he immediately went home and stayed up the whole night to create this masterpiece worth millions , attracting interest in a separate Sotheby 's auction . Francesco Vezzoli 's ancient Greek themed "  Portrait of Gerard Pique as Apollo del Belvedere " goes as far as to liken Messi 's Barca teammate to a god . "  These people are divas -- but not in a negative sense , they 're icons and they represent their own sport but they represent the universe of financial interest , they advertise things ... for me they are the Latin answers to Posh and Becks , " Vezzoli told CNN . The Italian believes football clubs have more in common with galleries than you might think . "  People do n't like to admit it but you know , the biggest galleries are like the biggest football clubs , and they swap athletes ... they are fabled , " explains Vezzoli . "  There 's always a hot name -- there 's a young one that everybody 's eyes are on , then everybody changes their mind . " Vezzoli also argues that the world 's fascination with football could be because the sport represents the pursuit of perfection and beauty . "  In different degrees we are all influenced by the need or the desire of being more perfect , more beautiful . " The collection also demonstrates football art can provide a dialogue for important social issues . Manal Al Dowayan 's "  The Choice IV " shows a Saudi woman holding a football aloft , challenging the limits that religion and tradition can place on women . "  I do feel excluded out of my society -- women are perpetual minors in my Saudi , " Al Dowayan told CNN . "  The woman in that picture is a young Saudi woman who received a scholarship for high school through football , so she really did play very well -- obviously she does n't play it anymore because there is no league in the country . "  Everybody watches football . Everybody appreciates a winning team . Sportsmanship , and what it does to an individual , a group , a community is something that everybody should include in their structure , or the fabric of their social existence . " This has been especially true of the Africa Cup of Nations , which had a gripping finale on Sunday : "  The Ivory Coast has gone through many years of struggle and civil war , and for them to win there was such a deep celebration within their country and beyond , " added Al Dowayan . As the 1in11 auction shows , art really does have a place in football -- whether you 're a professional , an artist or a spectator . "  That 's what 's interesting about football and art -- it includes everybody ... it 's something that transcends language , politics and borders , " said Al Dowayan .	Takashi Murakami 's ` Lionel Messi and a Universe of Flowers ' sells for $ 488,000 The Sotheby 's event will raises $ 3.8 million for the 1in11 charity funding access to education and sport for children Damien Hirst 's spin painting of Messi raises $ 562,000
Washington  CNN  -- Supap Kirtsaeng had tuition and living expenses to pay when he arrived in the United States from Thailand to attend college . So he started a side business , asking family and friends back home to ship him foreign editions of textbooks that often can be bought more cheaply overseas . Kirtsaeng resold them online and made money , but he was sued for copyright infringement and lost . That decision was appealed and the case is now before the Supreme Court , which will hear arguments on Monday in a dispute that has attracted interest from the Obama administration , media and publishing companies , and a range of consumer and retail groups . Competing claims of intellectual property and owners rights in the electronic age have made Kirtsaeng 's venture one of the most closely watched business cases at the high court this term . "  I have to say the Supreme Court is faced with a really difficult job here because the text of the -LSB- copyright -RSB- statute really seems to be hard to reconcile -- the two provisions at issue seem to say opposite things , " said Michael Carroll , a professor at American University 's law school and an intellectual property expert . Corporate giants to yard sales The legal issue is whether copyrighted works made and purchased abroad can then be bought and sold within the United States without the copyright owner 's permission . Yet the stakes could prove enormous for those who buy and sell books , movies , music , artwork , perhaps even furniture , electronics , automobiles , and clothing -- anything that may be considered "  intellectual property . " Storefront and at-home secondary retailers , libraries , artistic venues , even the local garage sale could be implicated . Kirtsaeng came to the United States to study mathematics in 1997 at Cornell University and later at the University of Southern California for doctoral studies . Using the computer tag BlueChristine99 , he sold the imported books online in the United States on eBay . Court records show he earned about $ 1.2 million in revenue , but both sides disagree over how much profit he made . Specifically he sold dozens of copies of eight textbooks printed in Asia by a subsidiary of John Wiley & Sons publishers . Kirtsaeng 's lawyers claim his gross revenue from the Wiley sales was just $ 37,000 . The company sued and a federal jury found Kirtsaeng 's conduct was willful and ordered him to pay $ 600,000 in damages . The New Jersey publisher has a thriving overseas business . Its foreign editions typically have a disclaimer : "  This book is authorized for sale in Europe , Asia , Africa and the Middle East only and may not be exported . Exportation from or importation of this book to another region without the publisher 's authorization is illegal . " The high court will consider the limits of two key interpretations of copyright law -- the "  first sale doctrine " and its complex relationship to foreign distribution rights . The arcane language can be dense but the justices are expected to use their questioning at the oral argument to zero in on competing principles and whether one overrides the other . The first-sale doctrine generally gives copyright holders the ability to profit only from the original sale . It essentially means once you the consumer lawfully buy a Peter Max lithograph or an Adele music CD in the United States , you then can sell that copyrighted work in the United States without punishment and without having to compensate the original copyright holder . It ensures a distribution chain of retail items , library lending , gift giving , and rentals for a range of intellectual property . That stream of commerce includes secondary markets like flea markets and online resellers Craigslist and eBay . ` You bought it , you own it ' The idea -- upheld by the Supreme Court since 1908 -- is that once a copyright holder legally sells a product initially , the ownership claim is then exhausted , giving the buyer the power to resell , destroy , donate , whatever . It 's a limited idea -- involving only a buyer 's distribution right , not the power to reproduce that DVD or designer dress for sale . "  The rule we want the Supreme Court to adopt is simple : you bought it , you own it and you can do with it what you please . Very clear , very clean , very easy , " said Andrew Shore , a lawyer and executive director of the Owners Rights Initiative , which is supporting the bookseller . "  The copyright holders are getting paid , they 're getting paid on the first sale . " The tricky part is whether that first-sale doctrine applies to material both manufactured and first purchased outside the United States . Federal law gives that authority to a purchaser 's work "  lawfully made under this title . " Does "  this title " apply to any copyrighted work -- whether manufactured all or in part in the United States and around the world ? Wiley argues it readily sells its products overseas at a cheaper price -- particularly to countries in Asia , the Middle East and Latin America -- to satisfy an audience that may have less income than in the States or Europe . "  We 're going to help the global economy with this , " said Theodore Olson , an attorney with Gibson Dunn hired by the publisher . "  The whole idea of the copyright laws is to provide people with an incentive to create books , movies , or other works of art . If you take away that incentive , you 're not going to have creators out there doing things that give us pleasure or educate us . " Such differences in worldwide prices are often exploited by retail and resale firms , especially on high-end luxury and specialized items . Known as parallel sales or the "  gray market " -- foreign-made goods obtained through secondhand sources -- the strategy costs manufacturers tens of billions of dollars a year , according to some business-generated estimates . Olson will argue a 1978 congressional law gives publishers protection when they sell their works at differing prices in foreign markets , preventing their importation and resale into the United States . A federal appeals court in New York agreed , ruling last year such "  gray market " items are not subject to the first-sale mandate . The high court already has ruled in prior cases that copyright holders can not block U.S.-made goods sent overseas from later being brought back into the United States for resale . The issue now is whether copyright laws apply to foreign-made goods imported into the American market . Slippery slope ? But Kirtsaeng and his owners rights supporters worry a slippery slope would quickly occur on a variety of fronts , if they lose at the Supreme Court : -- Domestic manufacturers would have financial incentive to shut down U.S. plants and produce everything overseas , since they could get a monetary cut and distribution control over every resale . Kirtsaeng 's lawyers say that amounts to double-dipping , with copyright holders getting paid twice for the same item 's sale . -- Libraries would have to either purge their stacks of every foreign-printed work , pay a royalty , or essentially go out of the public lending service . -- American consumers would lose access to affordable and differentiated goods , and charitable donations would be stifled . -- With a global consumer economy now dominated by digital and cloud-based access and transfer of information and entertainment , the cross-border lines would create chaos and uncertainty when it comes to determining where a particular copyrighted good is manufactured and then resold . Wiley , with the Justice Department in support , dismiss those scenarios , and say Congress would be in a position to ensure libraries in particular do not suffer from any high court ruling against them . The entertainment industry says a ruling in their favor is vital in the digital economy to ensure they can divide their property and distribution rights across those global markets . As for Kirtsaeng , he is a professor back in Thailand and never responded to CNN 's efforts for an interview . He initially testified receiving advice from friends back home and also consulting "  Google Answers , " an online research help service to ensure he could legally resell the foreign editions in the United States . In court papers , he also stated being unable to afford paying the hefty , pending judgment against him . The man 's lawyers say after the initial verdict , he was ordered to give the publisher his golf clubs and computer in partial compensation . The case is Kirtsaeng v. John Wiley & Sons , Inc  11-697  . A ruling is expected in coming months . CNN 's Joe Johns and Ted Metzger contributed to this report .	Case involving student who resold books bought overseas is a major copyright test Supreme Court will consider competing views of law at oral arguments on Monday Copyright appeal is one of the most closely watched business cases this term Stakes could be high for those who buy and sell books , movies , music , art , other goods
Fad diets come and go , but the idea of dieting itself has been around for centuries . From President Taft to Victoria Beckham , and the Grapefruit Diet to Slim-Fast , here 's a look at some of the most famous  and infamous  moments in dieting history . 1820 : Lord Byron popularizes the Vinegar and Water Diet , which entails drinking water mixed with apple cider vinegar . 1903 : President William Howard Taft pledges to slim down after getting stuck in the White House bathtub . 1925 : The Lucky Strike cigarette brand launches the "  Reach for a Lucky instead of a sweet " campaign , capitalizing on nicotine 's appetite-suppressing superpowers . 1930s : The Grapefruit Diet -- a.k.a. the Hollywood Diet -- is born . The popular low-cal plan calls for eating grapefruit with every meal . 1950s : The Cabbage Soup Diet promises you can lose 10 to 15 pounds in a week by eating a limited diet including cabbage soup every day . Health.com : The 25 best diet tricks of all time Mid-1950s : Urban legend has it that opera singer Maria Callas dropped 65 pounds on the Tapeworm Diet , allegedly by swallowing a parasite-packed pill . 1963 : Weight Watchers is founded by Jean Nidetch , a self-described "  overweight housewife obsessed with cookies . " 1970 : The Sleeping Beauty Diet , which involves sedation , is rumored to have been tried by Elvis . 1975 : A Florida doctor creates the Cookie Diet , a plan where you eat cookies made with a blend of amino acids . Hollywood eats it up . Health.com : Best superfoods for weight loss 1977 : Slim-Fast -- a shake for breakfast , a shake for lunch , then a sensible dinner -- becomes a diet staple . 1978 : Dr. Herman Tarnower publishes "  The Complete Scarsdale Medical Diet . " Two years later he is shot by his girlfriend . 1979 : Dexatrim , a diet drug containing phenylpropanolamine  PPA  , appears on drugstore shelves . Its formula changes after PPA is linked to an increased risk of stroke in 2000 . 1980s : A popular appetite-suppressing candy called Ayds is taken off the market after the AIDS crisis hits . 1982 : The aerobics craze steps into high gear when Jane Fonda launches her first exercise video , "  Workout : Starring Jane Fonda . " Her catch phrase : "  No pain , no gain . " Health.com : Are you making these dieting mistakes ? 1983 : Jazzercise , founded in 1969 by professional dancer Judi Sheppard Missett , hits all 50 states . 1985 : Harvey and Marilyn Diamond publish "  Fit for Life , " which prohibits complex carbs and protein from being eaten during the same meal . 1987 : In her memoir-slash-self-help book , "  Elizabeth Takes Off , " actress Elizabeth Taylor advises dieters to eat veggies and dip each day at 3 p.m. 1988 : Wearing a pair of size 10 Calvin Klein jeans , Oprah walks onto the set of her show , pulling a wagon full of fat to represent the 67 pounds she lost on a liquid diet . Health.com : 25 shocking celebrity weight changes 1991 : Americans go low-fat , eating foods like McDonald 's McLean Deluxe burger . 1992 : Dr. Robert C. Atkins publishes "  Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution , " a high-protein , low-carb plan . 1994 : The Guide to Nutrition Labeling and Education Act requires food companies to include nutritional info on nearly all packaging . 1995 : The Zone Diet , which calls for a specific ratio of carbs , fat , and protein at each meal , begins to attract celeb fans . 1999 : Victoria Beckham starts the blink-and-it 's - gone baby weight trend following the birth of her first son , Brooklyn . 2000 : Gwyneth Paltrow lends cred to the Macrobiotic Diet , a restrictive Japanese plan based on whole grains and veggies . 2001 : Rene Zellweger packs on nearly 30 pounds to play Bridget Jones . She quickly  and controversially  sheds the weight only to gain it back for the 2004 sequel . Health.com : 16 ways to lose weight fast 2003 : Miami 's Dr. Arthur Agatston adds fuel to the low-carb craze by publishing "  The South Beach Diet , " seen as a more moderate version of Atkins . 2004 : The FDA bans the sale of diet drugs and supplements containing ephedra after it 's linked to heart attacks . 2004 : "  The Biggest Loser " makes its TV debut , turning weight loss into a reality show . 2006 : Beyonce admits to using the Master Cleanse , a concoction of hot water , lemon juice , maple syrup , and cayenne pepper , to shed 20 pounds for "  Dreamgirls . " 2007 : Alli hits the market . The nonprescription drug is taken with meals to keep your body from absorbing some of the food you eat . 2010 : Jennifer Hudson loses a jaw-dropping 80 pounds on Weight Watchers . 2011 : The HCG Diet , which combines a fertility drug with a strict 500 - to 800-calorie-a-day regimen , invites interest -- and criticism . 2012 : Jessica Simpson loses 60 pounds of baby weight on Weight Watchers .	The Grapefruit Diet -- a.k.a. the Hollywood Diet -- was born in the 1930s Weight Watchers was founded by Jean Nidetch in 1963 Jane Fonda launched her first exercise video in 1982
CNN  The director of a video showing a woman being catcalled on the streets of New York has weighed in on the seeming racial disparity of the men featured . Rob Bliss , who posted the video on behalf of the anti-street-harassment group Hollaback ! , told CNN that those shown were just a small sample . "  Looking at this as being some type of sample that is completely balanced , I think , is never going to be accurate , " he said . "  To do that , we would have had to shoot for days and days , and we did n't set out to make a long video . " Bliss , who was inspired by the experiences of his girlfriend , tracked volunteer Shoshana Roberts as she walked through the city over the course of 10 hours . The video shows her being greeted by mostly black and Latino men with calls like "  Hey , baby , " "  Damn ! " and "  What 's up , beautiful ? " Some of the men even follow her . In a Slate article headlined "  The Problem With That Catcalling Video , " writer Hanna Rosin notes that "  The one dude who turns around and says , ` Nice , ' is white , but the guys who do the most egregious things -- like the one who harangues her , ` Somebody 's acknowledging you for being beautiful ! You should say thank you more , ' or the one who follows her down the street too closely for five whole minutes -- are not . " Bliss said that during the 10 hours captured on video , there were 108 instances of street harassment , of which he had 30 to 40 scenes with good enough quality for him to consider . He whittled that down to 20 scenes in the one minute and 57 second video . It 's difficult to distinguish that about six of the men were white because the faces were blurred , Bliss said . "  We have 18 scenes where someone is visible and on camera , and two of the scenes ate up half of the run time " of the video , he said . "  And yes , those two men were not white . "  We knew this was n't going to be an accurate representation , " Bliss added . "  For example , there are no Asian men , but that does n't mean that Asian men do n't do this , too . " Critics questioned the disparity on social media . One tweeted , "  To demonize men of color as the only perpetrators of aggression towards women is patently false and irresponsible . #Catcalling . " Another person tweeted , "  I just got an attitude from an older white male , I did n't say good morning . #Catcalling since everyone wants to make this a race issue . " Rosin points out that Bliss , who heads the marketing company Rob Bliss Creative and told New Republic "  I make viral videos for a living , " has been accused of not being inclusive before . In 2011 , a blogger wrote about the Grand Rapids Lip Dub video project , which Bliss hosted . Directed on the streets of the Michigan city , it featured participants lip-syncing the words to Don McLean 's "  American Pie " and according to the Grand Rapids Press was one of several community events Bliss organized . But a blogger identified as "  kswheeler " wrote that the result did n't exactly reflect the racial makeup of Grand Rapids at the time : 57 % white , 18.9 % black , 13 % Latino and 1.62 % Asian-American . "  Otherwise , Grand Rapids looks like Oz , " the blogger wrote . "  And the people look like they 've been reincarnated from those peppy family-style 1970s musical acts from Disney World or Knott 's Berry Farm . " Bliss , 26 , said the Grand Rapids video had an open call for participation . As for his latest project , he said the focus on the race of the men has been a distraction and "  very frustrating . " In no way was he trying to portray one race as being more apt to harass women in the streets , he said . "  I simply wanted to capture street harassment in a very intimate , close-up way in the real world and have people talk about it , " Bliss said . "  I just wanted to lay it all bare . " Thursday morning on CNN 's "  New Day , " Roberts discussed her experience with the catcalls , noting that because she was carrying two microphones while Bliss walked ahead of her with a backpack camera , "  We had great audio . " As for the racial makeup of the men who attempt to interact with her , she said they were "  men of all colors -- in my experience every day , men of all colors . It does n't matter what size , shape , color . " CNN 's Jamie Gumbrecht contributed to this story .	Director Rob Bliss says the men in the video were just a small sample He denies any intent to show one race over another The video features mostly black and Latino men Women in video says "  men of all colors " have harassed her
CNN  -- Be bold ! Think big ! Barack Obama wants to do just that . An $ 800 billion economic stimulus plan . Three million jobs . Health care reform . A restructured automobile industry . Obama 's popularity with voters will win him influence with political opponents . Obama won the biggest Democratic majority for president in 44 years . His party made big gains in Congress . Democrats now have a majority of nearly 60 percent in both the House and Senate . President Obama 's got a mandate . And a majority . What 's to stop him ? Just this : the U.S. system of government . It is set up to make it difficult to get things done . The Constitution was written 222 years ago by men who did n't trust government . They had just waged a revolution against a king . To the founders of the American republic , strong government meant despotism . So they set up a system with an elaborate separation of powers . The idea was to ensure weak government . The dirty little secret of American government is that it was designed not to work very well . As president after president has discovered , there are innumerable ways opponents can stop measures from getting passed , even if the president 's party holds a majority in Congress . The Senate has its own rule that 's not in the Constitution requiring a super-majority of 60 Senate votes to control the agenda . A minority of 41 senators can "  filibuster " a measure and prevent it from coming up for a vote . How many votes will Republicans have in the Senate ? 41 or 42 , depending on the outcome in Minnesota where ballots are still being counted . Presidents often have problems holding their own party together . That 's because members of Congress are elected by local constituencies and they are expected to represent local interests . American politicians are independent political entrepreneurs . They are not foot-soldiers of a party . When Bill Clinton first became president , he had a solid Democratic majority in Congress . But he could not get his health care reform plan passed . After an intense advertising campaign by opponents , many Americans were worried that the Clintons were planning a government takeover of the health care system . The Clinton plan failed , and within two years , Democrats lost their majority in Congress . One-party control did n't work any better for George W. Bush . Bush had trouble getting what he wanted -- notably , immigration reform -- from a Republican Congress . Republicans lost their majority in Congress in 2006 . But here 's another dirty little secret of American government : it often does work . Very well in fact . Under the right conditions , barriers fall away and things get done , sometimes with amazing speed and efficiency . What are the right conditions ? An overwhelming sense of public urgency . That sense of urgency certainly existed after 9/11 , when Congress quickly passed the Patriot Act . Getting anything big done in American government requires a sense of crisis . That 's why politicians in the U.S. are always declaring crises -- a drug crisis , an education crisis , an environmental crisis . Or they 're trying to rally the country to fight a war on something -- a war on poverty , a war on crime . If the public urgency is not authentic , however , opponents wo n't have much trouble stopping things from happening . Obama certainly takes office at a time of crisis , just as Abraham Lincoln and Franklin D. Roosevelt did . Like them , he has the opportunity to transform American government . Members of Congress who try to block President Obama 's program may find themselves in political trouble . Because there is yet another dirty little secret of American government : the United States is the most populist democracy in the world . Here , the people rule . When the people want something , they will get it , whether it 's the death penalty or gun rights or lower taxes . Why does n't the United States have a metric system or dollar coins like other countries ? Because the people wo n't use them . Obama 's popularity is soaring right now . When a president is popular , he has clout . Everyone wants to be on his side , even members of the opposition party . They 're in business for themselves , and supporting a popular president is good for business . Standing in his way could drive them out of business . American government is not an efficient , well-oiled machine . It was never designed to be . It has to be lubricated by public pressure . If the people are shouting "  Do something ! " -- as they are right now -- then something will happen . Even if it means a lot more spending and a lot more government . The people reserve one key right : they will let the government know , rather quickly , whether or not it 's working .	Three secrets behind the way U.S. government works It was designed to ensure weak government In times of crisis usual barriers fall away If voters want something done , it will get done somehow
CNN  -- It must have been a terrifying sight . Two stories up , a baby , legs dangling , clutching the black metal edge of the fire escape with his little hands . And then , the even more terrifying sight of a child in free fall . But what could have been a horrifying tragedy turned into a celebration Wednesday when Montessori school teacher Cristina Torre -- daughter of the former New York Yankees manager Joe Torre -- caught the 1-year-old after he bounced off an awning . "  I honestly did not feel his weight , " she told CNN Thursday . "  It was effortless . He felt light as a feather . " Torre was hailed as a hero for catching the child , who police say had crawled out onto the fire escape after pushing aside a piece of cardboard covering a hole next to the second-floor apartment 's air conditioner . The boy 's parents , however , were n't receiving quite the same reception . They were awaiting arraignment Thursday on child endangerment charges . Three other children in the apartment , ages 2 , 3 and 5 -- were placed in the custody of Child Protective Services . Their 1-year-old son , whose name has not been released , was discharged from Lutheran Medical Center in Brooklyn hours after the incident , a hospital spokeswoman said Thursday . It was n't immediately clear where he was Thursday . Torre said she was passing by the apartment building when she looked up and saw the baby 's precarious situation . She got on her phone and called 911 while she maneuvered herself into position under the boy . She told CNN 's Alina Cho , "  I saw the baby , kind of straddling  a  pole ... and I started talking to him , as I 'm talking to 911 , and saying , ` Please stay up there , please . ' " "  The minute he let go , I just hoped for the best and had my arms out waiting for him , " she said . Torre said the boy was crying and bleeding from the mouth after hitting something on the way down , but otherwise seemed to be all right . The boy 's father came down later , thanked Torre for saving his son and gave her a hug . She hugged him back , she said . Torre 's dad released a statement Wednesday night saying , "  I am very proud of my daughter Cristina 's actions today during an incident in Brooklyn involving a small child . Fortunately for that child she was in the right place at the right time to lend a hand . " Cristina Torre , in turn , credited her father , who was a major league All-Star catcher in his playing days , with having a role in the rescue , sort of . "  I do think I got that hand-eye coordination from my dad , " she said . Joe Torre : Baseball champ and domestic abuse survivor CNN 's Chris Boyette , Leigh Remizowski and Erinn Cawthon and CNN Sports ' Joseph S. Miller contributed to this report .	"  He felt light as a feather , " the woman who caught a falling baby tells CNN Cristina Torre , daughter of former Yankees manager Joe Torre , caught the boy as he fell The boy is out of the hospital His parents are awaiting arraignment on child endangerment charges
London , England  CNN  -- It 's a windy and misty Sunday afternoon in March in the beautiful coastal town of Aldeburgh , Suffolk , and bleary-eyed travelers are disembarking from a coach after a two-hour journey from London . But these are no ordinary tourists . Among them are some of the most influential names in British media and politics , and about 150 of them have descended on this sleepy town , best known for being the home of the late composer Benjamin Britten , to attend the Names not Numbers ideas festival . Over the next few days , the attendees of this conference , which has been described as "  intellectual viagra , " will indulge in heavy , and sometimes provocative , discourse around themes such as creativity , history and even neuroscience . From the hugely influential juggernaut that is the TED conference to the invite-only Google Zeitgeist to South by Southwest in Austin , Texas , there has been an undeniable boom in the ideas movement , bringing together creative luminaries and thinkers to flex some serious brain muscle . In his book "  Where good ideas come from , " Steven Johnson attempts to explain the phenomenon of inspiration and argues that peer-produced innovations is key in the process of developing ideas , by bringing together doers and a network of thinkers to create new things in a collaborative process . At Names not Numbers , an event sponsored by CNN International , the combination of limiting delegate numbers and bringing together an eclectic mix of speakers to hold 19th century-style salons in a remote location is intended to create a more communal experience than a conventional conference , says founder Julia Hobsbawm . Read more : The woman using social media to predict the future Founded in 2009 , Hobsbawm , the daughter of Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm , describes the event as an "  experiential residential " that connects people from "  different walks of life -- business , culture , media , politics , academia , with each other in a very intensive setting . " "  The day conference is not conducive to fostering really brilliant ideas , so Names Not Numbers has always had the travel and shared cottage accommodation at its heart , as well as excellent content in the sessions themselves , " she adds . Previous speakers have included the UK 's prime minister David Cameron , philosopher Alain de Botton and the pop star Annie Lennox . This year , Dominic Young , a tech entrepreneur described it as an "  amazing , legendary event , " from which he was "  only just coming back to Earth . " These events are seen as a real force for innovation and harness the power of bringing individuals across disciplines together to hopefully create serendipitous collaborations . "  Ideas conferences are a great source of inspiration , thoughts and , well , ideas , " says Peter Bale , vice president and general manager of Digital for CNN International . "  CNN International was ready to support Names Not Numbers because it 's an innovative format for generating conversation around some of the most important world issues : neuroscience , internet privacy , inequality and adding literature , arts and music to the mix . " Gatherings that promote big ideas have never been more valuable or lucrative . Popularized in the 1970s , they have increased significantly in number but perhaps the best known of the genre is the TED conference , which is held twice a year and has spawned a series of offshoots . Among them was the TEDActive conference in Palm Springs , Ostensibly , TEDActive revolves around simulcasts of the three-day TED talks in Long Beach . However , it has evolved far from this back-seat role to carve it 's own identity and attracts a fiercely loyal crowd that keeps coming back for more . Elizabeth Barry is a marketing executive from New Jersey who has attended Active for the past two years . She describes it as an "  adult camp for intellectual stimulation . " For some these events represent a move away from the traditional conference model , highly prized by some employers for business education and professional development . But others like Harvard economist Umair Haque argue that the great ideas industry needs "  saving from itself . " In his blog , he says : "  The ideas industry ... oft seems hell-bent on turning each and every human on planet Earth into either a breathless ` pundit ' or a zombified ` consumer . ' "	From TED conferences to South by Southwest , ideas festivals are booming Names not Numbers has been described as "  intellectual viagra " Day conferences "  not conducive to fostering really brilliant ideas , " says Names not Numbers founder Julia Hobsbawm These events are highly prized by some employers for professional development
Washington  CNN  -- Pilot Peter Hertzak , a cosmetic surgeon , took off on a solo flight from Slidell Municipal Airport in Slidell , Louisiana , last Friday in his twin-engine Cessna 421C en route to Sarasota , Florida . Some three hours later , his plane descended in a fatal death spiral into the Gulf of Mexico . What happened in between still has federal investigators looking for clues . The National Transportation Safety Board released a preliminary report on Friday that provided little in the way of explanation as the investigation continues . Hertzak filed instrument flight rules and departed around 6:45 a.m. local time , the NTSB said . Investigators say the pilot contacted the Jacksonville Air Traffic Control Center at approximately 7:15 a.m. to report on his flight altitude . About 20 minutes later , the airplane began to "  deviate from the air traffic control assigned altitude and route . " The NTSB said the air traffic control center tried unsuccessfully to contact Hertzak . The North American Aerospace Defense Command launched military fighter aircraft to intercept the plane . According to the NTSB , the military pilots reported the airplane was "  circling in a left hand turn at a high altitude , low airspeed and the windows were partially frosted over . " They reported Hertzak was "  slumped over in the cockpit and not moving . " The NORAD planes fired flares , but the pilot remained unresponsive . The Cessna circled for about three hours at about 28,000 feet before it made what appeared to be a soft landing . A Coast Guard spokeswoman said the plane was afloat with its tail sticking out of the water before it soon sank , about 190 miles southeast of Mobile , Alabama . Three days prior to the incident , Hertzak had been placed on probation and permanently banned from performing plastic surgery , according to Rita Arceneaux , spokeswoman for the Louisiana Board of Medical Examiners . When asked if the NTSB had any reason to believe the incident could have been a suicide , NTSB spokesman Eric Alleyne told CNN that was "  beyond the scope of my investigation . "	Safety board report offers no explanation of what caused pilot Peter Hertzak 's fatal crash During Louisiana to Florida flight , his plane went off course , controllers could n't contact him Military pilots sent to investigate reported Hertzak was slumped over as plane circled The Cessna spiraled for three hours before an apparent soft landing in Gulf of Mexico
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Temperatures were slowing warming Thursday across the South , where freezing rain glazed roads with ice , but a sprawling winter storm system remained in place across the upper Plains states . The National Weather Service issued winter storm warnings and advisories for more than a dozen states . The brunt of the system is poised to hit Kentucky , Virginia and West Virginia , but several inches of snow are forecast for portions of Indiana , Ohio , Tennessee and North Carolina , as well as Minnesota and the Dakotas . Winter weather advisories stretched into Wisconsin and Minnesota . In Kentucky , up to a quarter-inch of ice could accumulate on roadways , the weather service warned , in addition to previously fallen snow . Three to six inches of snow were forecast for eastern Virginia . The low pressure system laid down an icy path across northern Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi on Wednesday . Scores of traffic accidents were reported Wednesday night and early Thursday . "  I personally slid through two intersections , " one traveler said in Cherokee County northwest of Atlanta . "  I spun out a couple of times . " "  I grew up in Chicago , for God 's sake , " another driver said . "  This is an absolute disaster . " However , no significant power outages accompanied the wintry weather in Georgia . Fewer than 500 customers were without power as of about 11 a.m. Thursday , Georgia Power reported . Delays were reported at Washington 's Reagan Airport and Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Thursday , according to the Federal Aviation Administration 's flight status website . "  Winter weather in the Midwest and Southeast has impacted travel to , from , and through Iowa , Minnesota , North Dakota , South Dakota , Wisconsin , Michigan , Ohio , Georgia , Tennessee , and Kentucky , " said an advisory Wednesday on the website for Delta Airlines , the largest carrier in Atlanta . AirTran Airways warned that the wintry weather could result in flight delays and cancellations , according to a company statement . AirTran passengers scheduled to travel either to or from Atlanta between 7 p.m. Wednesday and noon Thursday will be permitted to change their reservation without penalty as long as the travel is completed within three days of the originally scheduled departure date , the statement said . Up to a half-inch of ice was forecast to accumulate across Kentucky and Tennessee and into northern Mississippi and Alabama , raising the risk of downed power lines for residents across the region , the National Weather Service said . Two people died in a wreck on an icy bridge in Alabama on Wednesday , officials said , and another died in a car accident in Mississippi . Areas from Minnesota to Ohio to New York have seen more than a foot of snow in the past several days . The harsh weather stranded about 300 people in Canada on Tuesday after what a local official called the most brutal storm to hit the Ontario region in more than two decades . Some people had been stuck in their vehicles for more than 24 hours after blinding snow piled up so high that opening vehicle doors proved nearly impossible . By Wednesday , officials said everyone had been rescued . On Tuesday , record lows were set from Virginia to Florida . High temperatures were 30 degrees below average for this time of year . The cold air lingered again Thursday morning , with freeze warnings posted as far south as Boca Raton , Florida . But Florida 's winter fruit and vegetable crops have so far survived the freezing temperatures without too much damage , industry officials said Tuesday . CNN Radio 's Richard Benson , CNN meteorologists Chad Meyers , Angela Fritz and Rob Marciano and CNN 's John Couwels , Ashley Hayes and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Temperatures warming in South NEW : Winter storm warnings still posted for numerous states Weather-related accidents piled up vehicles in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi The weather system could bring more snow and freezing rain to parts of the United States
Washington  CNN  -- There 's a new panda in Washington . Officials at the Smithsonian 's National Zoo confirmed the arrival of a cub on Friday for Mei Xiang following a quick labor . DC 's new celebrity resident was about the size of a butter stick and zoo officials said it appeared to be doing well , as was mom , who was cradling it in her den . "  This is a very delicate time for us . We 're still on the lookout for a possible second cub , " the zoo 's director , Dennis Kelly , said at a news conference . There was a 50 % chance of a twin being born later Friday or early on Saturday . A healthy little panda would be extra special because the female cub that Mei Xiang delivered nearly a year ago died within days . A lack of oxygen due to underdeveloped lungs was determined as the cause . Zoo officials said they were pleased and hopeful things would work out this time , and they even brought in an expert from China to help out . "  After our last experience , and this is such a small cub , I am not going to relax , " Kelly said . "  We 're gong to be tense for the next two or three months . We have high hopes . " It will take two to three weeks to know the sex of the cub and zoo officials wo n't name it for 100 days , following Chinese tradition . Zoo babies and other intriguing critters Conceived through artificial insemination , it was the third pregnancy for Mei Xiang , 15 . The National Zoo says the cub 's father is either their own Tian Tian , 15 , or the San Diego Zoo 's Gao Gao , who is about 23 . All three pandas are on loan from China . Mei Xiang and Tian Tian are already the parents of Tai Shan , who was born in 2005 and now is in China , the native region for the endangered animals . American zoo officials are consulting with their Chinese counterparts about panda reproduction and ways to encourage newborns to thrive in captivity . China launches 24/7 live panda broadcast The giant panda is one of the world 's most endangered species , with an estimated 1,900 in existence . Among pandas born in captivity , about one in four males and one in four females die in the year following birth , according to the National Zoo . America welcomed its first panda twins in 26 years in July at Zoo Atlanta . The twins were the first for Lun Lun , who has two other offspring at that zoo , and were the product of artificial insemination as well . Their father is Yang Yang , also a resident . Watch Mei Xiang on Panda Cam National Zoo experts began watching Mei Xiang a couple of weeks ago , and the anticipation peaked once she became restless and began cradling objects . CNN 's Rene Marsh and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : The panda 's paternity is unclear Mei Xiang gives birth after quick labor , zoo officials watch for second Giant pandas are one of the world 's most endangered species Zoo Atlanta welcomed the first ever panda twins in July
CNN  -- Grace , Kara and Trichelle were created to fill a void for young black girls who for so long have been playing with dolls that do n't look like them . Stacy McBride-Irby , creator of the new Barbie , poses with the dolls . The new black Barbies released by Mattel have fuller lips , curlier hair and other features that the company says more accurately represent African-American women . Some have cheered the new dolls . Others jeered them , saying they 're not black enough . "  I love the black Barbie . It 's about time , " Jua Simpson said on CNN 's iReport , a user-generated news community . "  But the hair is still a step backwards , since most of our hair is not straight and light brown . " Others disagree with critics who say the dolls should have had more natural black hairstyles , such as afros or braids . "  Many people have criticized the dolls for either having hair that 's too long or too straight , but I have long , straight hair that I straightened . But it 's my hair and a part of me , " said Tanisa Zoe Samuel , an African-American iReporter from the Turks and Caicos , in the Caribbean . "  Black women come in all shades , shapes and varieties that there is just no way to capture everyone with three dolls . " iReport.com : Samuel shares her thoughts on the new Barbie The dolls were created by Stacy McBride-Irby , an African-American who watched her daughter play with dolls and wanted to create a doll that looked more like her . McBride-Irby said she has heard the criticism , but she also has received many kudos . "  They mean so much to me because they did come from a positive place , " McBride-Irby said . "  My daughter loves the dolls . I 've had dads thank me for creating this line of dolls that represent their little girls . These dolls are for girls all over the world . " This is not the first time Mattel has released an ethnic doll that drew criticism . See photos of the black Barbie dolls " In 1997 , Mattel collaborated with cookie maker Nabisco to create Oreo Fun Barbie . The black version of the doll , which sported an Oreo-shaped purse , was criticized by some who noted that "  Oreo " is a derogatory term in the black community . The word is used to describe someone who is perceived as black on the outside and white on the inside . For some , the talk about dolls is not just child 's play . Some think early play with dolls can affect a girl 's self-esteem later in life . Actress Nia Long , who appears in comedian Chris Rock 's new documentary , "  Good Hair , " recently talked about the issue on CNN . "  Historically , the Afrocentric features have not been celebrated , " Long said . "  This makes us question the integrity of our beauty standard for ourselves . "	New black Barbies have fuller lips , curlier hair , more African-American features Some have cheered the dolls ; others have criticized them for being unrealistic "  I love the black Barbie . It 's about time , " said CNN iReporter Jua Simpson iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the new black Barbie
Selma , Alabama  CNN  In a passionate speech about racial progress in America , President Barack Obama on Saturday told thousands of people who gathered here to commemorate the 50th anniversary of "  Bloody Sunday " that "  our march is not yet finished . But we are getting closer . " Obama emphasized that a day of commemoration is not enough to repay the debt paid by the marchers who were brutally beaten 50 years ago as they demonstrated for voting rights . "  If Selma taught us anything , it 's that our work is never done , " the President said near Edmund Pettus Bridge , where the confrontation between authorities and marchers was captured in film and photographs that jolted the nation . Read President Obama 's prepared remarks The President said that what civil rights marchers did years ago "  will reverberate through the ages . Not because the change they won was preordained ; not because their victory was complete ; but because they proved that nonviolent change is possible ; that love and hope can conquer hate . " He hailed the marchers as heroes . The President said that "  the Americans who crossed this bridge , they were not physically imposing , but they gave courage to millions . They held no elected office . But they led a nation . " The "  Bloody Sunday " anniversary marks 50 years from the day hundreds of people were brutally attacked by Alabama state troopers as they marched from Selma to Montgomery , Alabama , to protest racial discrimination in voter registration . About 600 people participated in the planned 50-mile journey on March 7 , 1965 . The marchers were protesting discrimination that kept black people from voting . But as the marchers approached the foot of the bridge , state troopers used force and tear gas to push them back . As events were underway Saturday in Selma , hundreds of people marched across the Brooklyn Bridge in New York to symbolize their unity with the Alabama commemoration . Television coverage of the event in 1965 triggered national outrage and eventually led Congress to pass the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965 , which mandated federal oversight over elections in states with histories of discrimination . 50 years later : Memories from ` Bloody Sunday ' nurse Many of the nation 's leaders , activists and celebrities were in Selma on Saturday attending various activities taking place in memory of the historic event . On Saturday , Rep. John Lewis -- one of the demonstrators bloodied by troopers 50 years ago -- and nearly 100 other members of Congress from both parties joined the President at the bridge in Selma -- a bridge that still bears the name of Pettus , a Confederate general who was also a Ku Klux Klan leader . "  We must use this moment to recommit ourselves to do all we can to finish this work . There 's still work to be done , " said Lewis , adding this is an opportunity to "  redeem the soul of America . " The President said that though progress has been made , racism is still too prevalent in America . "  We just need to open our eyes , and ears , and hearts , to know that this nation 's racial history still casts its long shadow upon us , " he said . "  We know the march is not yet over , the race is not yet won , and that reaching that blessed destination where we are judged by the content of our character -- requires admitting as much . " The President called on Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act , first passed in 1965 . In 2013 , the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a key provision of the law that required certain states with a history of racial discrimination at the polls to "  pre-clear " any changes to the law with the federal government before implementing them . Efforts to revive key provisions of the act have stalled in Congress . John Lewis 's memories of the march Reflecting a sense of change in the half century since Bloody Sunday , and with Selma again in a national media spotlight , the mood in the crowd Saturday was of unity , and talks were focused on how to move America forward . But some current Selma residents worried that after the dignitaries leave their town -- with a population 82 % black and with more than 40 % of its people living below the national poverty level -- will fade from view except for its historical significance . Many black residents of Selma say they still live in a divisive society and still feel the sting of racism , with true change yet to come . Geraldine Martin , 59 , has lived in Selma all her life . She was 9 years old on "  Bloody Sunday " and with her mother had just welcomed a little sister , Belinda , to the world on that day . The two sisters grew up in Selma less than a decade apart . They graduated from Selma High School and both had to make decisions about whether to stay in their hometown when few opportunities existed for young people . "  We need to reevaluate our education system , " said Geraldine , who became a special education teacher at Selma High . "  We need incentives for young people . I am hoping today 's events will help us move forward . " Opinion : Selma 's historic bridge deserves a better name Belinda shook her head . She left Selma after high school and now lives in Atlanta . Her view of Selma has changed over the years -- looking in from the outside . "  I do n't see how Selma will move forward without togetherness , " said Belinda . "  There is no diversity in Selma . People do n't live together . "  I want to ask white people : ` So why are you so angry at us ? Is it really the color of my skin or something deeper ? ' " Maybe , she said , the attention on Selma this weekend will help spark a relevant dialogue . 50 years later : The house where MLK stayed CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Selma . CNN 's Slma Shelbayah wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Steve Almasy and Douglas Brinkley contributed to this report .	President Obama calls for renewal of Voting Rights Act 50 years ago , 600 marchers were attacked as they attempted to march to Montgomery Political leaders , celebrities and activists commemorate the watershed event
CNN  -- Lectures , slide shows and notes are often boring , but people are using technology to find entertainment in these unlikely places . Spoof notes of "  Star Wars " are scribbled into a fun online "  pencast . " Some use high-tech pens to track presentations . Others share PowerPoints in slide show form online . These technologically spiced-up presentations seem to be getting more attention these days . They 're also creating buzz about what the future of presentations might hold . Consider "  pencasts , " which are made using the Pulse SmartPen and specially gridded paper , both sold by the California startup Livescribe . The pen writes like an ordinary pen but also has a voice recorder , and it "  notes "  so to speak  which notes were taken at which point in the recording . Some quirky SmartPen presentations come off as comedy sketches . One popular presentation muses about how George Lucas might have come up with the idea for Star Wars . Some university students love the technology because they can record and play back what their professor was saying at an exact point in their notes -- which is especially useful when you ca n't read your own writing . And many professors are all for it , too . "  I feel like this is one of those ` Rear View Mirror ' moments in which a new technology comes into our lives with enormous potential and we just do n't know what to do with it yet , " blogs Michael Wesch , a cultural anthropology and digital ethnography professor at Kansas State University . "  We think of it in terms of what we know  pen and paper  and fail to recognize the potential . " That potential -- for entertainment and serious uses alike -- can be gleaned from pencasts posted on the Livescribe Web site 's community section , which is about a year old . The pencasts posted there have collectively received more than 1.5 million views . Soon , it will be easier to embed pencasts on other sites , like personal blogs , the company says . Slide shows are further along in popularity . A startup called SlideShare launched in late 2006 with the idea of allowing people to easily share their PowerPoint presentations . Its site had more than 15 million visitors last month , and its 2008 contest for the best presentations showed off the form 's potential . The best are far removed from the dull bullet-point presentations you might have fallen asleep to . Many use dramatic images , striking design and memorable phrases . Former Vice President Al Gore developed his presentation on the planet 's environmental challenges into the Academy Award-winning documentary and best-selling book "  An Inconvenient Truth . " Last year 's top SlideShare presentation , called "  Thirst , " highlights the looming water crisis and has nearly 200,000 views . Others are more light-hearted . The No. 2 spot  with more than 60,000 views  went to a presentation called "  Foot Notes . " It shows pictures of the narrator 's feet in various places she 's been  like on cobblestone corridors in Prague and a dance floor in Chicago  , interspersed with inspiring quotes related to feet and walking . Finally , for many people , the most dreaded , boring form of communication of all is the lecture . But then , how to explain the popularity of the TED videos ? TED stands for Technology , Entertainment , Design . The conference started in the mid - '80s and has become a networking event of sorts for the world 's best and brightest . Dozens of speakers give presentations of about 20 minutes each -- the perfect duration for a juicy "  media snack . " TED.com started introducing TEDTalks to the public for free in July 2006 , and by the following year , there were more than a hundred talks dating back to 2002 . Broken down into dozens of themes , today they 're popular fodder for video iPods . In one , the amputee athlete and model Aimee Mullins talks about how her many pairs of artificial legs often beat having a single pair of regular ones -- some make her taller , others are works of art . In another , Jill Tarter , an astronomer and director of the Center for SETI Research , discusses how insanely large the universe is and what a "  waste of space " it would be if life on Earth were indeed all there is . It 's hard to watch a handful of TED videos and not feel your perspective broadening . That helps explain how , despite the lecture format , TEDTalks has become hugely popular . A few months ago , the videos surpassed the 100 million views mark -- not bad for a bunch of lectures .	Technology injects new life into a dull medium : presentations SmartPens bring audio and written notes together Growth in online applications makes slide shows and lectures more interesting Success of TED lectures means educational content can be popular
CNN  Authorities identified and charged a man Monday in connection with the discovery of human remains in a duffel bag in Cambridge , Massachusetts , over the weekend . Carlos Colina , 32 , was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body , the Middlesex District Attorney 's Office said in a statement . "  This was a gruesome discovery , " said District Attorney Marian Ryan . "  Detectives are continuing to analyze evidence and awaiting information from the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner so that we may determine if additional charges are warranted . " Police were notified Saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge . Officers arrived at the scene , opened a duffel bag and found human remains . After that discovery , police say , a surveillance video led them to an apartment building , where more body parts were discovered in a common area . That location is near the Cambridge Police Department headquarters . The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim , identified Monday as Jonathan Camilien , 26 . Camilien and Colina knew each other , according to authorities . The next scheduled hearing in the case is set for April 14 . CNN 's Andreas Preuss contributed to this report .	Carlos Colina , 32 , is arraigned on charges of assault and battery , improper disposal of a body Body parts were discovered Saturday in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building The victim in the case is identified as Jonathan Camilien , 26 ; authorities say he knew Colina
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Armed gunmen faced off with Kenyan police and soldiers inside an upscale Nairobi shopping mall early Sunday , hours after brazenly gunning down shoppers , diners and more . Around 2:30 a.m. Sunday  6:30 p.m. ET Saturday  -- an hour after reporting five "  visibly shaken " hostages had been released -- Kenya 's National Disaster Operation Centre cryptically tweeted "  major operations underway . " What that meant was a mystery , and it did n't quell fears about what has happened or might happen to an unknown number of civilians who were still unaccounted for inside . The same agency offered an update about three hours later stating that hostages were being held "  in several locations , " adding there was "  no communications as yet . " By then , government authorities had secured the mall 's upper levels , though it was not known where the attackers -- and the threat -- remained . Hours earlier , Kenya 's president announced that 39 people , including some of his close relatives , were confirmed dead in the attack . Two gunmen , including one who was detained after being shot , are also dead . Francis Kimenia , secretary to the Cabinet , tweeted another 293 people got treatment at three area hospitals , which "  are appealing for more blood . " The wounded range in age from 2 to 78 , the disaster operations center said , urging people to "  remember them in your prayers . " Q and A : Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia with ties to Nairobi 's Eastleigh district and whose most recent attack of this scale came July 2010 in Uganda 's capital , claimed responsibility for the carnage and vowed not to negotiate with Kenyan authorities . It claimed that "  all Muslims " were escorted from the mall before the attack , suggesting its targets were people who did n't believe in their extreme form of Islam . "  The Mujahideen are still strong inside #Westgate Mall and still holding their ground , " the group said late Saturday via Twitter . "  All praise is due to Allah ! " Kenyan authorities , though , insist they have the upper hand , where it 's now early Sunday morning . The last few hours of Saturday and the first few of Sunday , in Kenya , were largely quiet outside the mall except for movement Police tweeted that the attackers "  have been isolated and pinned down in a room by security forces . " And Joseph Ole Lenku , the national government 's cabinet secretary for interior and coordination , hinted that the worst should be over . "  Our security forces have taken control of the situation , " Lenku said . "  Attackers of Westgate shopping mall have been isolated and pinned down in a room by security forces in the ongoing operation , " the national police said on Twitter . Kenya 's president , Uhuru Kenyatta , blasted "  the despicable perpetrators of this cowardly act  who  hoped to intimidate , divide and cause despondency among Kenyans and would like to  create  a closed , fearful and fractured society . " CNN security analyst : Kenya , Westerners high on Al-Shabaab 's list Kenya is no stranger to terrorism , including a 1998 bombing at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi that left 213 dead and other attacks before and since tied to al Qaeda and related groups . In a televised speech late Saturday , Kenyatta said his nation has "  overcome " such attacks before , refusing to budge from its values or relinquish his security . And it will do so again , he promised . "  We shall hunt down the perpetrators wherever they run to , " the president said . "  We shall get them , and we shall punish them for this heinous crime . Midday peace shattered by gunfire , blasts "  Westgate Mall lends itself a serene and safe environment away from the city centre , " the mall 's official website states . That may have been true before -- while there had been warnings , the high-end mall filled with more than 80 stores and restaurants had never been targeted . But it could n't have been further from the truth Saturday . Rattles of gunshots that started around noon shattered any sense of normalcy among those picking up groceries , savoring lunch and browsing through the racks at stores . Uche Kaigwa-Okoye was sipping coffee when he heard what first sounded like a fallen table , then the continuing rat-a-tat of gunfire . As the gunshots became louder , people began screaming and running for the exits . Gripped by fear : Not seeing attackers was part of the terror Some went outside , only to turn around and go back into the four-story mall after realizing bullets were flying there as well . Kaigwa-Okoye was among them , joining about 20 people who took shelter for about five hours in a women 's bathroom cubicle . "  They had grenades , and it was really , really loud , " he told CNN , adding that he noticed tear gas in the corridors as well . "  All of us felt like they were close . " As people texted family and friends outside the mall , word spread that nobody could be trusted -- and , even if the good guys could be sorted from the bad guys , the barrage of intermittent gunfire made any escape seem futile . Sara Head , a Washington resident , experienced similar horror in the mall 's parking garage . As her car pulled up , she and others heard gunfire -- prompting them to crawl underneath and sneak behind cars before getting into a stairwell . She had company there , including two people bleeding from gunshot wounds . Eventually , the stairwell lights went back on and the door to a nearby supermarket opened , so they dashed through and past a nearby loading dock to safety . "  There was blood throughout the supermarket , " Head recalled . " ... It was n't clear if it was OK to exit . I was short of sheep following . " Soldiers crawl under cars , copters fly overhead By then , the sight of Kenyan soldiers in military fatigues crawling under cars with their guns cocked made clear that the once shiny , pristine Westgate mall had become a war zone . The whirr of surveillance helicopters overhead drove home the point . Police took those leaving the building in a straight line , arms raised in the air . They were all taken to a secluded place for vetting to ensure they were not attackers . The military asked media not to televise anything live because the gunmen might be watching screens inside the mall and therefore take cues on their movement . And everyone else , except for authorities , was urged to stay away as roads and nearby locales , including another shopping center , was closed down . World leaders condemn terror attack at Kenya mall , pledge support The U.N. Security Council condemned the attack "  in the strongest possible terms , " voicing solidarity with Kenya while calling terrorism "  one of the most serious threats to international peace and security . " Most of the casualties are Kenyan , authorities said . But the mall is popular with expatriates and foreign nationals , who are among those killed and injured . That includes two dead French nationals , their government said . Likewise , two Canadians -- one of them a diplomat -- died in the attack , according to Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's office . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said there were several Americans among the injured but none among the dead , though the wife of a foreign national working for the U.S. Agency for International Development was killed . "  As we prepare to bring the world 's leaders at the United Nations next week , " Kerry said in reference to the upcoming U.N. General Assembly , "  we are reminded again in tragedy of our common humanity . " CNN 's Faith Karimi and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Lillian Lesposo reported from Nairobi . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Chelsea Carter , Tim Lister , Nima Elbagir , Boriana Milanova , Jamie Crawford , Stefan Simons , Karen Smith and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	NEW : Hostages are being held in several locations , government says Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group in Somalia , claims responsibility It says the attackers are "  still strong " ; Kenyan officials say they are isolated "  Major operation underway , " Kenyan government cryptically tweets
CNN  -- A former General Services Administration official who organized a lavish 2010 Las Vegas conference that critics lambasted as a waste of taxpayer money was indicted Thursday by a federal grand jury in San Francisco . Jeffrey Neely , who was famously photographed in a bathtub in a Las Vegas hotel room with wine glasses nearby , had served as a GSA regional commissioner . Neely was indicted on three counts of making false claims , one count of using false documents and one count of making false statements , according to court documents . Each charge is punishable by five years imprisonment and a $ 250,000 fine . The indictments allege Neely asked the GSA to pay for two trips to Las Vegas as well as trips to Long Beach and Cambria , California , knowing they were n't for business purposes . He 's also being prosecuted for an allegedly false travel voucher filed for roundtrip airfare between Guam and Saipan . During 2012 hearings , members of Congress sharply criticized the GSA for lax oversight of billions of dollars in contracts and called for the agency to clean house as it roots out corruption . Neely cited his Fifth Amendment rights and refused to testify . The scandal came to light when a GSA inspector released a report shedding light on the Las Vegas conference as well as violations of travel and spending rules . Among other details , the report explained how Neely , and presumably others , avoided strictures against supplying food at government work conferences such as the Las Vegas event by creating joke awards in order to hold ceremonies at which food would be allowed . It was not clear from the indictment what occurs next in the case , or what Neely 's status was on Thursday . Neely is expected to make his first court appearance on October 20 .	A federal grand jury indicts Jeffrey Neely on five counts He 's accused of filing false expense accounts He was criticized for organizing a $ 800,000 Las Vegas conference
CNN  -- New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was involved in a two-vehicle accident Thursday morning near his home in Boston , Massachusetts , but is now "  fine , " according to a source familiar with the incident . Brady was not injured and was already at football practice after the wreck , the source said . The driver of the other vehicle was hospitalized , but the condition of that person was not immediately clear , the source said . Law enforcement sources told the Boston Globe that Brady was driving a sedan and was treated at the scene . The driver of the other vehicle , a passenger van , was transported to a local hospital , the Globe reported . The accident occurred about 6:34 a.m. , according to Boston Fire Department spokesman Steve MacDonald .	Brady is already back at practice , source says The other driver has been hospitalized
CNN  -- Northwestern University 's football players voted Friday on whether to form a workers union -- one of the most high-profile efforts by college athletes to demand more rights , possibly including payment . But the result of the vote might not be known for months . The National Labor Relations Board allowed the vote after its Chicago office ruled in March that Northwestern football players can unionize , deeming them school employees because of the hours they put in , the control the university has over them and the revenue they generate . However , Northwestern asked the NRLB for a review -- and the NLRB said the results of Friday 's vote wo n't be made public until that is finished . The review could take months . Still , the group that wants to represent the players -- the College Athletes Players Association -- said Friday was special because the athletes , by voting , exercised "  their rights under labor laws -- rights the NCAA has fought hard to deny them . " "  The NCAA can not vacate this moment in history and its implications for the future , " CAPA founder Ramogi Huma said . If Northwestern loses the review , the players ' votes would count . A majority will have needed to vote in favor for the effort to be successful . Northwestern is arguing that players are not university employees but "  students , first and foremost . ' Some players at Northwestern say they want better medical coverage , concussion testing , four-year scholarships that cover the entire cost of attendance , and the possibility of being paid . They 're led by Huma and former Northwestern quarterback Kain Colter . Not all of the players were in favor . Two of the team 's leaders -- quarterback Trevor Siemian and running back Venric Mark -- said they would n't vote for unionizing . Mark told reporters on April 19 that he hoped the "  NCAA does understand some things do need to change , but we do not need a third party to come in between us and the coaches . " NCAA President Mark Emmert has called the idea of unionized collegiate sports teams "  grossly inappropriate . " "  It would blow up everything about the collegiate model of athletics , " he said , The NCAA contends that athletes are paid in the form of a free education . Athletes also get team-issued shoes and other athletic gear , paid travel , coaching and free medical aid . The Northwestern players ' vote came weeks after a class-action lawsuit filed by current players who want the NCAA compensation cap to be erased , and more than a month before trial is set to begin in the case of former UCLA basketball player Ed O'Bannon lawsuit 's against the NCAA . O'Bannon is suing on behalf of current football and men 's basketball players , and is seeking to get them a share of the millions that the NCAA makes off of their likenesses . On Thursday , the NCAA proposed changes that would give the five power conferences -- Southeastern Conference , Atlantic Coast Conference , Big Ten , Big 12 and Pacific-12 -- more options in how they treat athletes . Among many proposed changes , the NCAA may consider allowing schools to increase scholarships to cover the cost of living , and not just the cost of tuition , for athletes . CNN 's Sara Ganim and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Northwestern University football players vote Friday on whether to unionize Supporters say athletes , who generate huge money for schools , deserve protections Vote result wo n't be known until after National Labor Relations Board reviews case
Moscow  CNN  A Russian politician behind a controversial anti-gay propaganda law has been caught up in a social media storm in which he is pictured in a photograph of two women kissing . Vitaly Milonov was on an Aeroflot flight from Moscow to St. Petersburg when he was photographed by two women who took a selfie of themselves kissing in front of him . Milonov was the driving force behind a law that bans "  propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations among minors . " As a lawmaker with the ruling United Russia party , he ensured the legislation was first passed in his home city of St. Petersburg before it was adopted across the country . In the past , he has called lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people "  sick " and "  crazy . " Spotting him on their flight , the two lesbian activists kissed , took a selfie and uploaded it to Instagram . Ksenia Infinity , one of the women in the photo , posted on her Vkontakte page  Russia 's version of Facebook  that "  as fate would have it , he was sitting in the row behind us . " She went on to say , "  Milonov did n't say anything . We did a photoshoot with him in the background . When he noticed what we were doing he hid behind his tablet computer . We are very happy . He probably is n't . But who cares ! " Ksenia told CNN that she was "  delighted by the positive global reaction " to the photo after it went viral on Twitter and was "  liked " by more than 1,000 people on Instagram . Milonov lashed out at the photographer , saying "  I am tolerant towards all sexual minorities . " He went on to say : "  This shows that these people are not of a normal sexual orientation , but that their sexual deviance shows in all aspects of their lives . I did n't understand what they are doing but they have a nice sense of humor . I also have a good sense of humor . I will perhaps continue this joke by closing their gay club in St. Petersburg , or ban them from having meetings in public places , that 's also a funny step . " Milonov is currently working on legislation that would ban marriages in Russia between transgender couples . It comes after two people were able to get married in wedding dresses in St. Petersburg last year because one of them , according to passport information , is a man . At the time , Milonov told CNN that he was working to get the marriage annulled and that the people who allowed it to take place were "  psychologically sick . " He suggested that Irina Shumilova and Alyona Fursova should be committed to a "  mental asylum " and that gay people who want to get married "  should go to the United States . "	Russian politician behind anti-gay propaganda law pictured in photograph of two women kissing Vitaly Milonov behind law that bans "  propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations among minors " Spotting him on their flight , two lesbian activists kissed , took a selfie and uploaded it to Instagram
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Britney Spears accused a former bodyguard of trying to "  make a name for himself " by suing her for sexual harassment . Fernando Flores , who worked for the pop star earlier this year , filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Wednesday claiming Spears intentionally inflicted emotional distress on him . The lawsuit claims Spears made "  repeated unwanted sexual advances " on Flores , had "  vigorous " sex in front of him and near her two children and violently argued with her boyfriend . A statement posted on Spears ' website said the suit was "  another unfortunate situation where someone is trying to take advantage of the Spears family and make a name for himself . " Spears said the California Department of Children and Family Services already investigated the accusations and closed the case without any action . "  Ms. Spears and her attorneys have every expectation that this matter will be dismissed by the courts , " her statement said The filing said the harassment began after Flores was hired as a guard at her Calabasas , California home last February by Advanced Security Concepts Corporation . Spears made "  repeated unwanted sexual advances to Plaintiff , summoning Plaintiff to her room at her residence for no other purpose or reason that to expose her naked or near naked body to Plaintiff , " the suit claimed . Flores was "  shocked and disgusted by the incident , " it said . When he reported it to his supervisor , Flores was told "  You know you liked it , " and his complaints were "  ignored or mocked , " it said . Spears allegedly "  engaged in numerous sex acts in front of Plaintiff , including but not limited to sexual intercourse . " The suit detailed an alleged incident at a California hotel where Flores heard Spears "  loudly having sexual relations while her two children were in the suite with her . " Flores claimed he saw Spears "  having vigorous sexual relations " when he entered her home on two occasions . He also said he witnessed "  violent quarrels with her boyfriend " while her children present . Flores claimed he was "  humiliated and traumatized " when Spears cursed and threatened to fire him because he was unable to purchase her a frozen "  slurpee " at a Hollywood movie theater .	A former bodyguard says he was "  humiliated and traumatized " by Spears Flores says his supervisors "  ignored or mocked " his complaints Spears says state officials have already cleared her on the child accusations
Two days past 18 He was waiting for the bus in his Army green ... Those are the first two lines from one of the most powerful songs I have ever heard , "  Traveling Soldier . " If you do n't know it , I encourage you to look it up -- unless you 're one of those folks who still hates the group that made the song popular , in which case , its beauty might be lost on you . It was 10 years ago this week -- as the country was barreling toward war with Iraq -- that Natalie Maines , lead singer of the Dixie Chicks , stood in front of a packed house in London and said : "  Just so you know , we 're on the good side with y' all . We do not want this war , this violence . And we 're ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas . " It did n't matter that the evidence to invade Iraq was questionable or that Maines later apologized . The damage was done , and one of the most popular acts in the country became its most hated . Its music was banned from radio , CDs were trashed by bulldozers , and one band member 's home was vandalized . Maines introduced "  Soldier " with a call for peace , but she would soon find that the group needed metal detectors installed at entrances to shows on its stateside tour because of death threats . It was a classic case of freedom of speech meeting the irrational repercussions of that speech . "  Soldier " is not only their last No. 1 , it 's still their last single to chart in the top 30 . Officially , they 've been on hiatus since 2006 , but Maines , who is planning on releasing a solo CD in May , recently said , "  I just do n't feel like it 's the Dixie Chicks ' time . " For anyone who appreciates great music , this admission should be vexing . Prior to Maines ' 2003 comments , the group 's previous two CDs had sold at least 10 million copies each , and they were singing the National Anthem at the Super Bowl . In two years , they had won eight Academy of Country Music Awards , including the male-dominated Entertainer of the Year category in 2000 . But they did n't reach that level of popularity because of sexy outfits and Auto-Tuned vocals . They are immensely talented . If anything , Maines and company should be viewed as prophets , not pariahs , considering that the weapons of mass destruction the Bush administration led the country to believe Saddam Hussein was housing were never found . Or that since 2006 , the majority of Americans have felt the invasion was a mistake to begin with . And yet , despite all that we now know , the Chicks remain ostracized in the world they came from , as if they were the ones who presented false information to the United Nations Security Council ; as if they waged a war Tony Blair 's right-hand man now says "  can not be justified " ; as if the misguided attack were their fault . Before the group was set to do an interview with Diane Sawyer in late April 2003 -- with hopes of stopping the public relations bleeding -- they questioned why they needed to grovel and beg for Bush 's forgiveness . In a scene from the 2006 documentary "  Dixie Chicks : Shut Up and Sing , " their own PR rep explains , "  he 's got sky-high approval . The war could n't be going better . By the time this interview airs ... the looting will be done ; the rebuilding of Iraq will be started . ... Two weeks from now , it 's going to be even a more positive situation . " Soon after , Bush delivered a victory speech on the deck of an aircraft carrier , underneath a banner that read "  Mission Accomplished . " The war was n't declared over until eight years later . And somehow , folks remain mad at the Chicks . Last week , in marking the 10-year anniversary of Maines ' comments , Country Music Television asked fans whether the Chicks should be forgiven , and more than a third of responders said "  no . " Which probably explains why their next performances are in Canada .	LZ Granderson : 10 years ago , Dixie Chicks ' comments on Iraq war drew denunciations He says history vindicated them . Many decry Iraq war ; weapons of mass destruction not found He says many still denounce them , as though they were responsible for war mistake
CNN  Which high school teacher would assign his students the Mark Ronson/Bruno Mars ca n't - stop-dancing-to-it hit "  Uptown Funk " ? Do n't think fictional "  Glee " choir director Will Schuester . And no , not the leader of an admission-by-audition school like the one that inspired the 1980 movie "  Fame " and a subsequent television show . It 's the joyous Scot Pankey , a real-life theater teacher at A. Maceo Smith New Tech High School in Dallas . "  I heard the song before Christmas and fell in love with it , " Pankey told the Dallas Morning News . "  We are a project-based school -- there are only two in the Metroplex -- and that means you give the students a project , put them in teams and they have to come up with solutions . They had three weeks to work on it , then present as a group what they learned . " The YouTube video has been seen more than 3 million times since its January 24 release . Pankey promised to join in the fun if his six theater classes would let him .  Of course , they said yes . Attention Hollywood cinematographers : Student council Vice President Bryan Urraca and senior class President Johan Cruz shot the video in a single take . The teens impressed one key player : Mars himself , who said he cried when he saw the video .	High school students dance to Bruno Mars/Mark Ronson hit The video features six theater classes from Dallas high school
CNN  -- Emma Watson lent her name and her glittery profile to the cause of feminism at the United Nations , and in the process got places that rarely cover this eight-letter "  f " word to pay attention . "  How can we effect change in the world when only half of it is invited or feel welcome to participate in the conversation ? " Watson said in a speech about gender equality that received a standing ovation and has gone viral . "  Men -- I would like to take this opportunity to extend your formal invitation . Gender equality is your issue , too , " she said . Rarely do "  E! Online " and U.N. Women tweet the same speech . But this was n't just any speech . It focused on the role of men and questioned the demonization of the term "  feminism . " "  Why has the word become such an uncomfortable one ? I think it is right I am paid the same as my male counterparts . I think it is right that I should make decisions about my own body . I think it is right that women be involved on my behalf in the policies and decisions that will affect my life . I think it is right that socially , I am afforded the same respect as men , " Watson said . "  My life is a sheer privilege because my parents did n't love me less because I was born a daughter . My school did not limit me because I was a girl . My mentors did n't assume that I would go less far because I might give birth to a child one day . These influences are the gender equality ambassadors that made me who I am today . They may not know it but they are the inadvertent feminists needed in the world today . We need more of those . " Watson gave the speech in light of the U.N. launch of the HeForShe campaign , which aims to engage men to stop violence against women . We live in a world in which 100 million girls globally are expected to be married off before age 18 in the next 10 years , a world in which even in the United States a girl can find herself plucked against her will from a New York classroom and forced by relatives to marry against her will in a country she has never known , a world in which 31 million girls of elementary school age remain out of school , a world in which two-thirds of the world 's 774 million illiterate citizens are female . Indeed , Watson 's star is only the latest to illuminate the rebranding of feminism . As Jessica Bennett wrote on Time.com , Beyonce put the word "  FEMINIST " in a blaze of full-stage glory at the MTV Video Music Awards , "  making Sunday the sixth-highest day for volume of conversation about feminism since Twitter began tracking this year  the top three were days during #YesAllWomen  . " Beyonce also penned a piece last year arguing that "  men have to demand that their wives , daughters , mothers and sisters earn more $ " commensurate with their qualifications and not their gender . Equality will be achieved when men and women are granted equal pay and equal respect . " The question now is how to translate all the high-profile feminizing into visible , on-the-ground gains in the lives of ordinary women and men . The retaking of the "  feminist " label by cultural luminaries lending their platform to the issue is laudable , but to date we have seen a lot of promise and much less progress . One example : On the media front women are embarrassingly absent from editorial pages still content to feature women 's voices a fraction of the time . Women "  are less likely than men to be sources or appear in authoritative roles in news stories , are depicted less frequently than males and less prominently , such as appearing further down in the columns , with fewer quotes or only paraphrased . "  A recent Washington Post review of a Civil War book noted that the author 's prose seemed "  to have been borrowed from the pages of a women 's magazine . " Rarely have I spotted such a reference to GQ or Esquire . In entertainment , research from the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media found in a survey of recently released films that there are "  2.24 male characters for every female character . Only 30.9 % of the speaking characters are female . " On the economic front , "  after a gradual rise in the 1980s and 1990s , the women 's - to-men 's earnings ratio peaked at 81 % in 2005 and 2006 . " So , the talk about access to opportunity for everyone is terrific . But now comes the hard part : the action to make the change and in the process create a world that is fairer for everyone . One that does justice to the ambition of girls in any and every corner of the world , and to our own hopes for a more stable , secure and prosperous future . It will take a village . One boosted by a lot of high-wattage celebrities helping to light the way .	Emma Watson gives a rousing speech at the United Nations about gender inequality Gayle Lemmon : Watson is the latest star to illuminate the rebranding of feminism She says that to date we have seen a lot of promise and much less progress Lemmon : The hard part is to take action and make changes to create a fairer world
CNN  -- Getting arrested for stealing cars after his 16th birthday may be the best thing that ever happened to Terrence Barkley . Serving time in Missouri 's juvenile justice system set Terrence Barkley on the path to college . It got him out of gangs and headed to college . While in one of Missouri 's juvenile facilities , Barkley became editor of its student newspaper , captain of the football team and made the honor roll . "  I wanted something different for myself or I 'd end up in Kansas City doing nothing . I knew I could do something , " said Barkley , who is the first in his family to go to college . Now he 's a sophomore studying criminal justice at the University of Central Missouri . Barkley was n't scared straight . He was n't packed away in a crowded facility with steel bars and razor wire . He was n't under the constant guard of uniformed officers with billy clubs or locked down with hundreds of other juveniles . Instead , he was sent to Waverly Regional Youth Center , one of Missouri 's 32 residential facilities where he wore his jeans and T-shirts . He slept in his own bunk bed in a room that looks more like a dorm than a jail cell . He received counseling and schooling . While America 's juvenile system is often criticized for corruption and abuse , Missouri state officials say its juvenile justice solution has saved billions of dollars and reduced the number of repeat offenders . In the last four decades , the state has transformed its juvenile system into one that defies the traditional prison model . Known as the Missouri model , the program focuses on therapy , comfortable living conditions and an emphasis on job training and education . Missouri 's facilities are serving thousands of young offenders , and they are receiving national acclaim . Each offender is placed in a small group of 10 to 15 , assigned a case worker and sent to school during the day . Offenders also put on Shakespeare stage productions and play sports . They learn about teamwork through camping and rock climbing . "  Young people are really turning their lives around and becoming productive citizens , " said Tim Decker , director of Missouri Division of Youth Services . "  We 've redefined what 's possible in the juvenile justice system . " Several states including New Mexico , Louisiana , California and Virginia are trying to emulate the Missouri model . Washington 's troubled juvenile detention center , Oak Hill Youth Center , which once housed some of the most serious teen offenders , was shut down in 2009 and rebuilt to copy the Missouri model . Missouri has changed , too . The state once relied on a punitive system that warehoused offenders in harsh conditions . For nearly a century , the Missouri Training School for Boys in Boonville was a dark place known for beatings , rapes and even deaths . At one point , it was crammed with 650 offenders . Even judges hesitated sending children to Boonville . It was closed in 1983 and transformed into an adult prison . "  We had a dysfunctional system and we had to change our mindset on how to best work with these kids , " said Mark Steward , who helped pilot the Missouri model in the 1970s . Steward heads the Missouri Youth Services Institute , a consulting agency that helps other states implement the Missouri model . Under the Missouri model , juveniles who commit minor crimes such as skipping school or trespassing are placed in low-security , renovated houses or cottages with 10 other kids . The small group size allows staffers to work more effectively with individual offenders . Delinquents who commit violent crimes are placed in gated facilities that hold a maximum of 50 offenders but offer the same small group atmosphere and focus on rehabilitation . These offenders are broken into smaller groups and also receive counseling and go to school on site . Most juveniles work on community service projects during their stay . Instead of serving sentences of weeks , months or years , a juvenile in Missouri can win release through good behavior and demonstrated progress . Missouri officials say the small group size may be the reason why there has n't been a suicide in their residences in 25 years . The federal government has reported hundreds of suicide incidents involving juveniles in confinement . Critics argue the Missouri model 's residential centers are too soft on juvenile delinquents and that some youths may never become law abiding citizens . "  There are victims who certainly feel more is needed to help the child fully understand the consequences of their actions , " said Julie Lawson , executive director of Crime Victim Advocacy Center in St. Louis , Missouri . Lawson said some adult criminals may take advantage of a juvenile system that does n't appear to be as punitive as the traditional juvenile model . Adult gang members may ask juveniles to take the blame if they know that the punishment wo n't be that harsh , she said . Missouri 's Youth Services Division staff admits that a small percentage of juveniles will continue breaking the law despite going through the program . But some research on the Missouri Model has shown promising results . A recent analysis by the Annie E. Casey Foundation found that about 9 percent of juveniles in Missouri get in trouble with the law again within three years of their release . By contrast , about 28 percent of Arizona 's juvenile offenders were back in trouble within three years . The program has survived scrutiny from tough-on-crime conservative leaders such as former Missouri Gov. John Ashcroft , who later served as attorney general in the Bush administration . The Missouri model has saved the state billions of dollars , said George Lombardi , who heads the adult Department of Corrections . He credits the Missouri model 's low recidivism rate with slowing prison population growth . As a result , the state did n't have to build three prisons . More than 370 of the juveniles who went through the Division of Youth Services graduated from high school this year compared to just 40 children when the program began in earnest in 1983 , according to state officials . "  I had wanted to go to college " said Kaitlyn Bullard , a 21-year-old senior at the University of Missouri . Bullard , a teen who abused alcohol was sent to a facility for girls in 2005 for behavioral problems . "  But I just never thought it would actually happen . " Today , she is planning to apply to law school .	The Missouri model uses small , therapeutic groups to treat juvenile offenders Juvenile residences do n't have barbed wire or require uniforms A handful of other states are trying to replicate the Missouri model Studies show only ten percent of Missouri 's youth re-offend
CNN  -- Dan Wheldon was rounding the fourth turn in the last lap at Indianapolis Motor Speedway , foot to the floor and focusing on passing a car when he caught something out of the corner of his eye . What was little more than a blurred glimpse for Wheldon was the center of attention for the thousands in the stands and millions more on television Sunday -- Indianapolis 500 leader J.R. Hildebrand 's car grinding against the track 's big gray outside wall as he came around the bend , moments from victory . "  As I cleared that car that I was overtaking I noticed that , just in the corner of my eye that he 'd got up in the gray and made contact with the outside retaining wall , " Wheldon told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday . "  And at that point I just focused on making sure that I did n't get caught up in any of the debris , made sure that he did n't come back across the track in front of me . " And then ? Then , Wheldon said , he drove "  across the line like I stole it . " The sprint gave the British driver his second Indianapolis 500 victory -- the first came in 2005 -- and a spectacular finish for a race that was once considered among the world 's premier sports spectacles , but which has seen its television ratings fall in recent years . The ratings for Sunday 's race , its 100th running , were not yet available . But viewership for the 2010 edition was the lowest since the event was first aired live in 1986 , according to the Indianapolis Star . About 4 million people watched last year , according to the newspaper . In a posting on the race 's official blog , Hildebrand said that he sensed his competition was catching up as he neared the final turn and did not want to risk slowing down to avoid a car coming out of the pits . So he opted to move outside , towards the retaining wall . The move obviously did n't pay off for Hildebrand , who was driving in his first Indy 500 race . The car slipped on what 's known in racing circles as marbles -- pieces of soft rubber shed from tires during the race , Hildebrand said . "  It 's a helpless feeling driving the race car when you get in a situation like that . It can happen on road courses , it can happen at other places . It 's most extreme at a place like this where it truly does turn into a one-groove track towards the end of the-race , " the posting quoted Hildebrand as saying . "  That was certainly my mistake to have judged it otherwise . " While the finish was a spectacle to remember for race fans , Wheldon said it just goes to show what Indy drivers have long known -- that letting up during a race simply is n't an option . "  With this race , you just never know what can happen , so it 's just about staying focused , " he said . "  And you really do n't ever let off the power unless you have to . "	Indianapolis 500 winner Dan Wheldon : I "  drove it like I stole it " Race rookie J.R. Hildebrand 's crash in the final turn gave Wheldon the win The crash left Hildebrand feeling "  helpless "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Question : Why use chemical weapons ? Answer : Because you want to get the job done fast . Nerve agents and other battlefield chemicals are an area weapon . Be it town or trench where your enemy is hiding , your deadly gas will find them . From the waterlogged northern European plains of World War I to the arid mountains and marshes of the Iran-Iraq conflict , chemical weapons have been used when armies get bogged down and commanders get frustrated . When the urge to win outweighs warfare 's cold calculus of routine slaughter and indignity , the danger is a slide into the depravity of craven criminality . Adolf Hitler used them in his extermination camps , diabolical in his annihilation of his enemies . So when I heard from two separate sources close to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's thinking that he planned to retake the country 's largest city Aleppo in a "  swift battle of high causalities " so he could go to peace talks in Geneva with "  facts on the ground " in his favor , the use of chemicals in Damascus ' suburbs against resurgent rebels made sense . As told to me , the Syrian army hoped by mid-August to have control of Homs , and by early-September to be wrapping up victory in war-ravaged Aleppo . In late-July , following June 's strategic victory in Qusayr of cutting rebel supply lines , Assad 's ambitions to get the country back in his control were on the rise . But two things happened , rebels attacked Alawite stronghold Latakia on the coast , temporarily distracting regime forces . The Latakia thrust was soon repulsed but not without shaking Assad 's new found confidence . Second and more worryingly for him , rebels in the capital , loosely termed the "  Damascus Brigade " by one regional source involved in supplying them with weapons and honing their fighting skills , were becoming a serious irritant . For over a year loose-knit bands of rebel fighters have nipped at the regime 's Achilles heel , Damascus , with little strategic effect . Always a pressure point on the regime 's military resources , the capital has the potential to distract the leadership . By mid-August , better-trained and better-equipped rebels were threatening to throw the regime off its agenda and stall strikes on Aleppo . A quandary for Assad , what should he do ? The heat was no doubt turned up on his Damascus commanders : get results to free assets for the north . Into that walked the U.N. chemical weapons inspectors . The rest seems to be history .	Sources close to Assad say he planned to take Aleppo in "  swift battle of high causalities " Chemical weapons are often used when armies are strained , leaders are frustrated Adolf Hitler used chemical agents in gas chambers
CNN  -- An undocumented immigrant who was shackled during labor will be allowed to seek legal status under a special visa that can be conferred to crime victims , a federal judge ruled this week . Juana Villegas , who previously won $ 200,000 in a lawsuit against the Tennessee sheriff 's office involved in the incident , was also awarded $ 1.1 million in lawyers ' fees and other expenses . "  It 's a big victory for Mrs. Villegas , " said Elliott Ozment , her attorney , about the Thursday ruling from U.S. District Judge William Haynes Jr. . Ozment said his client -- a Mexican national -- will pursue a U-visa , a status that can be given to victims of crimes who are in the country illegally . The final decision rests with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services . Karen West , a spokeswoman for the Davidson County Sheriff 's Office stressed the ruling may not be the last word . "  We disagree that she  Villegas  was a victim and the certification is not a resolution of the case , which is still being appealed , " she said . Villegas ' story began on July 3 , 2008 , when she was nine months pregnant and driving home with her other children from a doctor 's appointment in metro Nashville , Tennessee . A police officer pulled her over and , according to Villegas ' complaint , decided to arrest her for driving without a license because the officer suspected she was in the country illegally . The decision to arrest her was influenced by a controversial agreement between the police department and the federal government that allowed local officers to help enforce immigration laws , known as section 287  g  of the Immigration and Nationality Act . She was transported to a detention center , where two days later , she went into labor . According to court documents , Villegas was taken to Nashville General Hospital where she was placed on a gurney with her hands and feet shackled . Once in her hospital room , two Davidson County sheriff 's deputies refused to leave the room while she changed into her hospital gown , and unplugged her phone so she could n't alert her husband about her labor , court documents say . Afterwards , one of the deputies shackled her left foot and right hand to the hospital bed , something that the medical staff called a "  barbaric " violation of medical standards , court records state . The shackles were removed before she delivered the baby . After she had delivered the baby , and against doctor 's orders , a third deputy shackled her to the bed again , according to the court documents . The sheriff 's department 's policies that led the deputies to shackle her throughout the ordeal were a violation of the U.S. and Tennessee constitutions , her lawyers argued . The sheriff 's office said its deputies followed established procedures and accepted practices . Early last year , Judge Haynes ruled in favor of Villegas , and after a three-day trial in August , the jury set the $ 200,000 award . Villegas had once been deported from San Diego and returned illegally to the United States , and had lived here for years , her lawyer said . At the time of her arrest , her eldest son was 14 , and he had been born in the United States . Villegas is married with five children . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	A judge rules that Juana Villegas can seek a U-visa Deputies had her shackled while she was in labor The judge also awards $ 1.1 million in lawyers ' fees and other expenses
Rome  CNN  -- An anarchist group claimed credit for a pair of mail bombings Thursday at embassies in Rome , vowing in messages that it plans more such acts to "  destroy the systems of domination , " the state-run ANSA news agency reports . Police said that the Informal Federation of Anarchists -- an offshoot of the Italian Anarchist Federation , or FAI -- claimed responsibility for attacks at the Swiss and Chilean embassies . Computer-written notes were sent in small boxes along with both package bombs , according to ANSA . The messages read : "  We have decided to make our voices heard again , in words and deeds . We will destroy the system of domination . Long live FAI . Long live anarchy . " The notes also referenced Lambros Fountas , who was shot dead last March while protesting in Athens . The 35-year-old has since become a martyr for the international anarchist movement , particularly groups in Greece , Italy and Spain . Formed in 1945 , Italian Anarchist Federation had seen a "  a slow but constant increase " of supporters in recent years , said the website of an umbrella group , L'International des Federations Anarchistes . The Italian organization aims for "  radical change " in support of "  oppressed and exploited peoples , " doing so with opposition to political powers and even the Catholic Church , the website said . There was no warning before a Swiss-born , 53-year-old mailroom worker was seriously hurt by an explosion while opening a package at the Swiss Embassy , according to police and the Swiss Foreign Ministry in Bern . One person was taken to a hospital when the second bomb exploded shortly afterward at the Chilean Embassy , police said . Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattin called the attacks "  a serious threat against foreign embassies in Rome . " He said that authorities were checking all embassies in Rome and Italian embassies aboard for suspicious packages . "  We should avoid being alarmist , " Frattin said . Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni said the incident is similar to a wave of letter bombs sent last month by an anarchist group based in Greece and claimed the bombs came from there . But Greek officials disputed the notion that anyone in their country was involved in the blasts . "  There is no evidence that the bombs originated in Greece , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Grigoris Delavekouras said . In addition to the Swiss and Chilean blasts , a "  suspicious package " was found at the Ukrainian Embassy in the Italian capital , police said , but it turned out not to be dangerous . There were also false alarms at the Slovenian and Estonian embassies . Police began their sweeps of all embassies and consulates after the blasts , the Italian ministers said . Many countries have two diplomatic missions in the city -- one to the Italian state and a separate one to the Vatican . Security around Rome was tight Thursday night , with barriers erected at embassies and some streets closed for enhanced protection . Bomb threats were also phoned in to City Hall and to another government office in Rome , the mayor 's office said . No bombs have been found in either location . In November , police discovered 14 parcel bombs emanating from Greece , most of which were sent to various embassies in Athens . Police intercepted and destroyed most of them in controlled explosions , but a woman at a courier office was wounded by one of the devices and another device exploded in the courtyard of the Swiss Embassy . Other parcel bombs were addressed to European targets including the leaders of Germany and Italy . Two men accused of participating in the bombings were remanded into custody after they were arrested in Athens in possession of two parcel bombs , Glock pistols , a bulletproof vest and a wig . Panagiotis Argyrou , 22 , and Gerasimos Tsakalos , 24 , were also in possession of a delivery slip for another parcel containing an explosive device that had been delivered to a courier service and was addressed to the Dutch Embassy , police said . Hellenic Police spokesman Maj. Athanasios Kokkalakis called the two suspects "  important members of a terrorist group . " Before the attacks , Argyrou already faced an arrest warrant alleging his membership in an illegal organization called the Conspiracy of Cells of Fire . Greek authorities stressed that they believed the wave of letter bombs in November was the work of a home-grown Greek terrorist group that does not have ties to international organizations like al Qaeda . Journalists Livia Borghese and Barbie Nadeau in Rome and CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro in London and Joe Sterling in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : A note sent with the bombs mentions a protester killed in Greece , state-run media says An anarchist group claims responsibility for the bombings at the Swiss , Chilean embassies A Greek official disputes an Italian minister 's claim that the bombs originated in Greece Two people were injured , one seriously , in the blasts , according to police
CNN  -- "  Batman : Arkham City " takes everything that was great about the first Arkham title and makes it bigger , bolder and better . The Dark Knight goes up against his most murderous foes with new weapons and allies in a story that expands the Batman universe . Spinning off the ending of "  Batman : Arkham Asylum , " Gotham City decides that the best way to house all of its criminals is to wall off a large section of the city and dump them all together . So now , Joker , Penguin , Two-Face and others are free to do whatever they want inside those walls . Out of sight , out of mind . The 18-month backstory of the game was presented in a limited series by DC Comics in the months leading up to the game 's release . If you did n't read the series , there may be some confusion about what 's going on when the gameplay begins . The city is beautifully rendered , with plenty of locations that are unique to Batman 's enemies . Although the regular prisoners tend to repeat themselves , each villain looks and feels very unique and true to their comic book counterparts . It also helps that Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy reprise their voice roles as the Joker and Batman , respectively . Those trademark voices have become as necessary as the Joker 's laugh or Batman 's scowl . Combat is similar to "  Arkham Asylum , " as rhythmic button pushing sends Batman from foe to foe in a fluid and almost dance-like movement with devastating effects . The more times you can string together attacks will open new power moves that can daze or level multiple opponents . Batman 's utility belt is full with some of the same "  toys " as before but with new abilities and functions . Batarangs , batclaws and explosive gels are back , with additional weapons like smoke pellets and a new Cryptographic Sequencer to help the Caped Crusader escape from trouble or solve puzzles . Tutorials and the Batcomputer will help you master the skills needed to succeed as well as help point you in the direction of the next objective . Arkham City is five times the size Arkham Asylum was , so it is easy to get lost or misplace a mission . Batman spends most of his time traveling this new territory by grapnel gun and gliding . There is an opportunity to get a grapnel boost , so use it and it will cut down the time it takes to get around . In all , there are more than 250 upgrades and collectibles that help increase Batman 's skills , armor and weaponry . Take advantage of each when you can . All that real estate needs to be occupied , and developers filled it up with some of Batman 's most famous and deadly foes . Each of them wants to rule over the prisoners in Arkham City but is willing to take their shots at the Dark Knight when they can . Mr. Freeze , the Riddler , Two-Face , Harley Quinn and , of course , the Joker are ready to battle Batman in their own ways . Each has a unique agenda , and part of the gameplay is figuring out what they are up to and how best to stop it . The main storyline is filled with intrigue and drama . Fighting skills alone will not win the day , and Batman is again equipped with a Detective mode that lets him spot clues normal eyes ca n't see . In "  Arkham Asylum , " this mode could be turned on and pretty much left on at all times . In "  Arkham City , " the mode stays on until Batman takes a hit . Players will not want to leave it on the entire time , because they 'll miss other things that are needed to complete other missions . Twelve complete side missions , which could be regular missions in their own right , help deepen the game 's experience and introduce even more villains and weapons to use . Players also are assisted by allies and other heroes as they make their way through the city . The Riddler once again plays a big part in hiding riddles and puzzles all over the City . This time , however , he 's taken hostages and releasing clues to their whereabouts only when Batman solves a certain number of riddles . Be warned : There are 400 secrets to be discovered , so do n't pass up an opportunity to find them when you can . Catwoman is a playable character in the game , with her own adventures and missions . There is some crossover between her and Batman during cut scenes , but fighting and puzzle-solving are all things she does on her own . She has some special abilities , like being able to climb on ceilings and use her whip and bolas to take down enemies . She also has more than 50 trophies and upgrades that can be collected by only her . The mastermind behind all the action ? Well , you do n't read comic books from the back to the front , do you ? Suffice to say , the game story takes plenty of twists and turns , revealing more about the Dark Knight and his rogues . The action is well balanced between fighting objectives and detective work and has a nice flow and pace . It is a very deep game with a lengthy storyline , plenty of side missions and hundreds of collectibles . The playable Catwoman sections are a nice addition that weaves in and out of the main story but never feels out of place . Through it all , players will become enmeshed in the Batman universe and experience it all as if they were looking through the eye slits of the Dark Knight 's cowl and into his mind . It is a wonderful mix of classic characters , enhanced combat and new highlights that makes "  Batman : Arkham City " worthy to wear the Bat-logo . "  Batman : Arkham City " will be available Tuesday in North America , Wednesday in Australia , October 21 in Europe and November 23 in Japan for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 . A PC version is expected to be released in November , and a Wii U version is planned for 2012 . The game is rated T for Teen due to alcohol reference , blood , mild language , suggestive themes , use of tobacco and violence . This review was done playing a review copy on the Xbox 360	The game spins off the end of "  Arkham Asylum " Storyline is filled with intrigue and drama ; fighting skills alone wo n't work Catwoman is a playable character , with her own adventures and upgrades "  Arkham City " is a great mix of classic characters , new highlights
EW.com  -- Last weekend , a dark cloud hung over the box office after the tragedy in Aurora , Colorado , rocked the country . The "  Dark Knight Rises " still managed a stunning $ 160.9 million opening weekend -- the third best of all time -- but most believe it could have finished with substantially more money had audiences not been avoiding the theater . There 's definitely still some tension in the air this frame , but movie going is expected to return at least somewhat back to normal . Two new openers are hitting theaters -- sci-fi comedy "  The Watch " and dance sequel "  Step Up Revolution " -- but they wo n't be any match for the second weekend of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Here 's how the box office may play out : Once again , The Dark Knight Rises will top the chart . The question is how hard it will fall in its sophomore frame . In 2008 , The Dark Knight dropped 53 percent to $ 75.2 million in its second weekend , but Rises will be lucky to earn a similar drop . After six days in theaters , "  Rises " is lagging behind "  The Dark Knight "  $ 211.8 million vs. $ 222.2 million  despite a stronger start . On its first Monday , Tuesday , and Wednesday , "  The Dark Knight " earned $ 24.5 million , $ 20.9 million , and $ 18.4 million , respectively . Rises , meanwhile , earned $ 19.4 million , $ 17.8 million , and $ 13.8 million . I see four possible reasons for this slighter performance :  The shooting still has moviegoers wary to attend the theater -- especially for "  The Dark Knight Rises . "  "  The Dark Knight Rises , " while well-received , is not earning the same amount of feverishly strong word-of-mouth that propelled "  The Dark Knight " into the box office stratosphere .  "  The Dark Knight Rises " is playing like a typical sequel . They open bigger  in this case , only slightly bigger  , but then fall much more quickly due to up-front fan excitement .  Hollywood collectively underestimated just how big of a box office bump Heath Ledger 's death gave "  The Dark Knight . " That film 's numbers were misleadingly inflated , and "  The Dark Knight Rises " was never destined to be a bigger box office powerhouse . Whatever the reason , "  Rises " does n't seem to be holding up quite as strong as "  The Dark Knight . " Thus , I 'm thinking a drop in the 60 percent range is in store for Warner Brothers ' $ 250 million Batman sequel . The Dark Knight Rises may gross $ 65 million over the Friday to Sunday period , which would lift its total right around $ 290 million . Fox 's comedy "  The Watch , " which once looked like a surefire hit , will likely invade second place with much less business than most prognosticators would have guessed six months ago . The film , which stars Ben Stiller , Jonah Hill , Vince Vaughn , and Richard Ayoade , tells the story of a volunteer police squad who seek to protect their neighborhood , but end up fighting off an alien invasion . The film , which was made for $ 68 million , has faced numerous marketing challenges due to controversial news events . Originally titled Neighborhood Watch , it got a modified title after the February shooting of Trayvon Martin by Florida resident George Zimmerman , a volunteer neighborhood watch officer . Fox was forced to play up the alien angle of the film instead of the regular-guys-shooting-guns storyline . The studio had largely kept any images of alien invasion out of their advertising after John Carter and "  Battleship 's " back-to-back flops , which had studios hesitant to associate themselves with intergalactic creatures . Despite the new tack , "  The Watch " never fully shook the association with the Trayvon Martin scandal , and the Aurora shootings have n't helped in that department . Whether many regular moviegoers actually make these connections is unlikely . Still , these factors have consistently affected The Watch 's marketing campaign , and as a result , it 's been difficult for Fox to clearly communicate the story . Despite poor reviews , the movie features a three high-profile comedians in a year that 's been kind to broad comedies . Playing in 3,168 theaters , "  The Watch " may gross $ 22 million . The other new release is "  Step Up Revolution , " the fourth installment of the popular dance franchise , which recently shifted from Disney to Summit . The $ 33 million sequel comes two years after "  Step Up 3D , " which earned $ 42.4 million , substantially less than its predecessor , "  Step Up 2 The Streets , " which grossed $ $ 58 million . The diminishing returns may continue for "  Revolution , " as the franchise seems to be teetering dangerously close to the quality level of long-running direct-to-video spinoff series like Bring It On and American Pie . Popping and locking into 2,567 theaters , Revolution could finish in the same range as 2004 dance flick You Got Served , which started with $ 16 million . "  Step Up " has the benefit of 3-D screens , but those are only major box office boons for blockbusters these days .  If only the series still starred Channing Tatum !  It may earn about $ 13 million this weekend -- but the real money will come internationally . "  Step Up 3D " grossed $ 161 million worldwide . Rounding out the Top 5 will be Ice Age Continental Drift , which may earn about $ 13 million in its third weekend , and then either Ted or The Amazing Spider-Man , both of which should finish with about $ 6.5 million . 1 . The Dark Knight Rises -- $ 65 million 2 . The Watch -- $ 22 million 3 . Step Up Revolution -- $ 13 million 4 . Ice Age : Continental Drift -- $ 13 million 5 . The Amazing Spider-Man -- $ 6.5 million See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	This weekend will be one week since the tragedy in Colorado "  Dark Knight Rises " made $ 160.9 million its opening weekend The film faces competition this weekend from "  The Watch " and others
CNN  -- From elephants getting pedicures to hipsters holding their own Olympics , here 's a look at some recent stories from CNN 's affiliates around the world that are interesting , unique or just plain bizarre . Half-a-billion dollar drug bust In Australia , police have busted a major drug ring , seizing half a billion dollars ' worth of crystal methamphetamine and heroin stuffed into terra cotta pots , Nine Network reports . More than 674 pounds of meth and 555 pounds of heroin were seized as part of an operation that began a year ago when the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration tipped off officials in Australia . See some of the haul in the video above . Elephants get pedicures Zookeepers at the Hongshan Forest Zoo in east China used a 2-foot-long file to give elephants there a pedicure . And they fed them apples while they got pampered ! But the pedis were n't for beauty , as the CCTV report explains . Zookeepers say elephants ' toenails wear down when they live in the wild , but because they do n't have to travel long distances in captivity , their nails grow fast and need to be maintained to prevent bacteria infections . Watch more of the pedicures in the video above . Humans are n't the only ones that need a little spoiling sometimes . Germans compete in hipster Olympics Some hipsters in Germany take cool to a whole other level . They 're so cool , they have Olympics to prove it . Dozens of people turned out for the second annual "  Hipster Olympics , " in the capital , Berlin . About 2,500 people gathered to watch the hipsters compete . Watch more in the video above or check out a few hipsters competing at RBB . Dog comforts kitten Who said cats and dogs ca n't get along ? A kitten and dog in Sorbara , Italy , groom each other as they hang out on the sidewalk . Watch more of the creature comforts in the video above , from TM News . Yellow River floods The Yellow River , the second largest river in China , recently reached a third flood crest , CCTV reports . Torrential rains drove up the water level , the river 's largest water flow since 1989 . Typhoons Saola and Damrey will likely bring more rainfall to the lower and middle parts of the river . The Yellow River is also known as "  China 's Sorrow , " because of its frequent flooding that devastates surrounding areas . Watch more of the floods in the video above .	Check out some interesting or just plain bizarre stories from around the world They range from rising flood waters in China to more creature comforts in Italy
CNN  When Ryan Ferguson and his dad travel this week to Glendale , Arizona , for the Super Bowl , it will be a bucket-list experience . And yet for them it will be so much more . For Ferguson , a Missouri native , it 'll be a chance to thank his father , Bill -- the man who never stopped fighting for him while he spent 10 years behind bars for a crime he did n't commit . "  Being able to do this with my father after all he 's done for me , sacrificing 10 years of his life to prove my innocence -- that 's when it became real , " said Ferguson . The father-son pilgrimage came about last month when a ticket distributor who had heard about his story offered Ferguson an all-expenses-paid trip to Sunday 's game . The 30-year-old , who now lives in Florida , was released from prison in 2013 . Ferguson 's 12-year nightmare began on November 1 , 2001 . He and his friend Charles Erickson , both then 17 , were drinking illegally at a college bar in Columbia , Missouri . About five blocks away , Columbia Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt turned off his computer after a long night and left the newsroom shortly after 2 a.m. , according to court documents . In the newspaper 's parking lot , someone struck Heitholt from behind and strangled him with his own belt . Police interviewed a janitor , Jerry Trump , who said he could n't identify the people involved in the slaying . But two years later , Erickson told police he had "  dream-like " memories of committing the crime , according to court documents . Ferguson told police that he remembered driving Erickson home before going home himself . But after Erickson implicated him and Trump changed his account , Ferguson was charged with murder and convicted in 2004 . When Ryan 's father , Bill Ferguson , awoke the day after his son 's arrest , he was devastated . " ` Oh my God , I got to get to work , ' " his father , now 70 , recalls thinking . "  It 's like watching one of your children drowning . I had to do something . " "  I started reading the police reports over and over , " said the real estate agent . "  I made a timeline and flow chart of all the depositions . I started questioning people on my own , and I dug up a lot of witnesses . " Each week , Ferguson 's father visited his son in the maximum-security prison where he was held . They would share updates , compare notes and work on the case together . Ferguson served a quarter of his 40-year sentence while his family and friends campaigned to free him . After two key witnesses admitted that they had lied , a court of appeals overturned his conviction in November 2013 and Ferguson walked free . Erickson is serving a 25-year sentence in a Missouri prison . No one else has ever been charged in the case . "  Can you imagine wiping out everything you did in your 20s ? " Ferguson said . "  That 's what it  spending 10 years in prison  is like . " After he was freed , Ferguson did not feel safe in his hometown . The case had gotten a lot of attention locally , and a lot of people knew who he was . Ferguson said he feared the legal system which had put him , an innocent man , in prison . "  I love Columbia , Missouri , " he told CNN . "  If it was n't for the authorities , I 'd go back . " While in prison , he worked out religiously and began writing his first book , about physical fitness . Upon getting out , he moved to Florida , became a certified personal trainer and earlier this month , published "  Stronger , Faster , Smarter : A Guide to Your Most Powerful Body . " "  The crazy thing is I saw him more when he was in prison , " said his father , Bill Ferguson , who still lives in Missouri . "  He 's been incredibly busy . We get together around once a month . " Football has always been a way to bring the father and son together . "  I played football in college and high school . He was brought up on it , " Bill Ferguson said . "  It 's a vernacular for us , a way for us to get together and have something to talk about . " For the elder Ferguson , the best part of the Super Bowl trip will be getting to spend a few days with his son . "  We 'll get to watch one of the greatest sports possible , and we 'll get to spend a lot of time , just the two of us , together , " said his father . Ram Silverman , co-founder of Texas-based Golden Tickets , had watched CBS 's "  48 Hours " special about Ferguson a few years ago . In November , he saw a follow-up about Ferguson being released from prison and wanted to do something nice for him . "  Whatever cost we incur , it 's worth it , " Silverman said . "  He 's got an amazing attitude . After talking to him a number of times , I ca n't wait to meet him . " It took Silverman about a month of trying to connect with Ryan Ferguson on Facebook and other channels before his offer was taken seriously . "  It seemed like one of those things that were too good to be true , " said Ferguson . "  In my life , I 've learned to leave things alone that are too good to be true . " CNN first learned of the news from freelance writer Paul Fitzgerald , who uploaded the story to CNN iReport . At first , Ferguson did n't have much of a reaction to the Super Bowl offer . "  The excitement , joy and happiness did n't hit until I talked to my dad , " he said . "  We were screaming on the phone , ` Yeahhhhh ! ' " While Ryan does n't have a Super Bowl favorite -- he 's just excited to see "  amazing people do amazing things " -- his dad is rooting for the Seattle Seahawks in their matchup with the New England Patriots . "  When we were in Seattle , we were so impressed with their spirit , " said Bill Ferguson , referring to a trip in 2014 . "  It 'd be difficult for us not to be supporters . " The father and son will spend a long weekend together , reveling in football fandom and their shared bond . And making up for lost time . "  Being locked up for 10 years meant no college and I never even sent a text or posted a Facebook update or used a smartphone , " Ferguson told iReporter Paul Fitzgerald . "  I will get to go to the Super Bowl with my dad . It 's a dream come true . This is a golden opportunity and one that I will never , ever forget for the rest of my life . "	Ryan Ferguson is taking his dad Bill on a bucket-list trip to the Super Bowl Ferguson spent 10 years in prison in Missouri for a crime he did n't commit A ticket agency heard his story and offered him a free trip to Sunday 's big game
CNN  On the heels of a year that saw advances for female action heroes in comics , TV and film , Marvel Comics is ready to take it to the next level . The company announced that this summer will see a brand new comic book team of Avengers -- replacing all other teams and comprised entirely of women . It 's a move reminiscent of the X-Men . Their name ? The A-Force . "  She-Hulk , Dazzler , Medusa , Nico Minoru and other fan favorites will take charge , " series writer G. Willow Wilson said in a press release . Rival DC Comics also announced new titles Friday , which included new looks for Black Canary and Starfire . Marvel made big headlines last year when the title of Thor was transferred to a female character . Both these big announcements came along with much hoopla on ABC 's "  The View . " "  A-Force " hits stores in May .	Marvel Comics announced a new Avengers team made entirely of women The new team will be called A-Force , replacing the earlier Avengers Team will be comprised of Hulk , Dazzler and more
CNN  -- It 's a horror show that has played out across Syria for 19 months . Those grieving the dead are themselves targeted by gunfire or deadly blasts . That cycle of death played out again Tuesday when mourners gathered to grieve a man who dared speak out against the Syrian government . A car bomb silenced them . "  Children 's bodies were maimed and burnt . I saw pieces of human flesh and blood on the street , " witness Ahmed Al-Muadami said . This day , mourners came to honor one of 14 men who died after his arrest by Air Force Intelligence -- a much feared security apparatus that dissidents accuse of hunting down anti-government activists . Word spread quickly Tuesday that a Damascus hospital had a collection of unidentified bodies . The families of the 14 men rushed to the scene -- only to discover the bodies of their loved ones bore signs of torture . The outrage boiled over in the Damascus suburb of Muadamiyet al-Sham , where a funeral procession for one of the men morphed into a protest against President Bashar al-Assad 's government . Then came the explosion near the Al-Zaitoona mosque , which is a popular gathering site for anti-government protests . "  It was a car bomb parked next to the mosque where the people were gathered . The explosion killed at least 13 people and wounded over a hundred , " Al-Muadami said . "  One child was extremely disfigured ... we could n't identify him . " Amateur videos reportedly from the scene show a grisly aftermath . One man carried the lifeless body of a child , his face charred black and gray . "  Look at this , Assad ! " the man screamed . "  Is this your gift to us for the Eid ? Look at this , you murderer ! " The Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha begins Friday . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the videos or reports of violence , as the Syrian government has restricted access to international journalists . The Damascus suburbs have seen fierce fighting for months . Opposition activists say the government has committed massacres , while the government says it is fighting armed terrorists . International envoy Lakhdar Brahimi is trying to broker a cease-fire by Friday . But the odds seem daunting . On Tuesday alone , at least 100 people were killed in Damascus and its suburbs ; 50 were from Muadamiyet al-Sham , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The activist network said residents in the town called for blood donors after the explosion .	13 people are killed in an explosion at a funeral of an opposition activist "  Look at this , Assad ! ... Look at this , you murderer ! " one man screams The blast takes place in the Damascus suburbs , which has seen months of fighting International envoy Lakhdar Brahimi is trying to broker a cease-fire by Friday
Kolkata , India  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday applauded India 's efforts to reduce its imports of Iranian oil but urged it to cut them further to keep pressure on Tehran over its nuclear program . "  We think India as a country understands the importance of trying to use diplomacy to resolve these difficult threats and is certainly working toward lowering their purchases of Iranian oil , " Clinton said in Kolkata , the first stop on her visit to India . "  We commend the steps they 've taken thus far and hope they will do even more . " The United States and other Western countries are using economic pressure on Iran , particularly on its oil industry , to try to push Tehran into halting its nuclear program . They have encouraged Asian countries like India , Japan and South Korea -- key consumers of Iranian oil -- to cut back their purchases . U.S. officials say India has lowered the amount of oil it buys from Iran in recent months . But Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government is also wrestling with stubbornly high inflation and is wary of provoking upward pressure on prices . India imports about 70 % of the oil it uses , with around 10 % to 14 % estimated to come from Iran . Clinton said Monday that there was an "  adequate " supply of oil "  in the marketplace . " Key world powers met with Iran earlier this month about its intentions for its nuclear program and announced that the next meeting would take place in late May . Iran maintains it is not planning to build a bomb . But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel has cautioned that he does n't think the economic sanctions are having an effect . Clinton argued in favor of the current approach on Monday . "  We do not believe Iran would have come to the table if there had not been sanctions and pressure , " Clinton said Monday . "  We do not believe Iran will peacefully resolve this unless the pressure continues . " She made the comments before she traveled to New Delhi , where she is met with Singh and other top officials . CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong and Jill Dougherty in Kolkata contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton urges New Delhi to reduce its imports of Iranian oil further Western countries are putting economic pressure on Iran They hope that this will lead to a halt in Tehran 's nuclear program
CNN  -- While the United Arab Emirates draws international visitors to its flashy five-star hotels and massive shopping malls , its neighbor to the east , Oman , has taken a slightly more subtle approach to developing its tourism industry . Oman is hoping that the preservation of its heritage sites and spectacular landscapes -- rather than rapid modernization of both -- will attract visitors seeking a more laid back Arabian experience . The capital , Muscat , may not have many towering glass skyscrapers , but that does n't mean that visitors to this Gulf nation have to rough it . Oman has a wealth of luxury experiences that provide modern comforts in a unique Middle Eastern setting . 1 . The Chedi , Muscat Muscat 's waterfront has a charming promenade next to the city 's old Matrouh souq , perfect for a sunset stroll . The bazaar next door is small , but has narrow alleys lined with carpet and spice vendors , and is one of the most authentic in the Middle East . The beachfront Chedi Hotel , just west of the old city , is one of Muscat 's best . Built in traditional Omani style and with a bright white facade , its 182 rooms and high ceilings offer an atmosphere of palatial grandeur . The Chedi 's narrow infinity pool , which the hotel claims is the longest pool in all of Oman , stretches to the Indian Ocean and is major draw . The Chedi Muscat ; North Ghubra 32 , Way No. 3215 , Street No. 46 , Muscat ; +96824524400 2 . Royal Opera House Abu Dhabi and Doha may be building world-class museums like the Louvre and the Guggenheim , but Muscat is the only city on the Arabian Peninsula with its own opera house . Oman 's ruler , Sultan Qaboos bin Said , opened the Royal Opera House Muscat in 2011 . The main hall seats around 1,000 and regularly stages concerts , ballets and theatrical productions . It has hosted international artists such as Placido Domingo and the London Symphony Orchestra . The beautifully constructed building itself is worth a visit even if you ca n't catch a show ; it blends traditional Omani design with modern acoustic technology and is one of the most recognizable sights in Muscat . Royal Opera House Muscat ; Al Kharjiyah St. , Muscat ; +96824403300 3 . The Green Mountain No visit to Oman would be complete without seeing the stunning views from the top of Jabal Akhdar , located at nearly 10,000 feet  3,048 meters  up in the Hajar Mountain range . It 's just a short drive from the capital . Jabal Akhdar , whose name means "  green mountain " in Arabic , is covered with trees and shrubs in an otherwise mostly desert landscape . With its mild temperatures year-round , Jabal Akhdar is the perfect retreat for visitors looking for outdoor adventure or an off-road trek . Tourists can discover Oman 's green mountain from the comforts of a newly built five-star hilltop resort . The luxurious Alila Jabal Akhdar opened earlier this year , and offers a pool , spa and 86 rooms with sweeping views of the mountains . Alila Jabal Akhdar ; Plot No. 4 Al Roose , Jabal Al Akhdar , Nizwa ; +96825344200 4 . Zighy Bay Located just north of the United Arab Emirates , the small enclave of Musandam is one of the most geographically unique areas in Gulf region . For centuries , only boats could access the traditional Omani fishing villages that dot the coastline of this mountainous peninsula . But a new dirt road built over the jagged cliffs now allows for land access to Zighy Bay , a secluded cove that has a stunning stretch of white-sand beach . Zighy Bay is also home to a Six Senses resort with more than 80 villas , many with their own private pools . The resort offers the region 's most unique way to get to a hotel room : parasailing from a rocky overlook 1,000 feet above . Six Senses Zighy Bay ; Musandam Peninsula ; Dibba Bayeh , Oman ; +96826735555 5 . Sailing explorations Centuries ago , Omanis dominated the Indian Ocean and earned a reputation as the best seafarers in the world . Omani sailors like the legendary Sinbad used wooden dhows to expand their Gulf sultanate 's reach as far south as Zanzibar in East Africa . Today , the government is hoping that its maritime heritage will draw tourists to its own shores . "  Oman 's dramatic coastline with its secluded coves , beautifully sandy beaches , enchanting islands and rich marine life is undoubtedly best explored by sea , " says Oman Sail 's Ghada Al-Said . Oman Sail is a government-funded project that teaches Omani children modern sailing techniques . It also offers bespoke charter packages for tourists , from sunset cruises to overnight yacht tours . Oman Sail ; 18th November St. , The Wave Muscat , Muscat ; +96824181400 6 . Wahiba Sands Camping under the stars in the desert is a favorite Omani pastime and Wahiba Sands is one of the favorite locations to do it -- a rejuvenating desert retreat far from Muscat , where Bedouin tour guides offer desert safaris and overnight camping treks . The 1,000 Nights Camps may be the most exclusive "  hotel " in the entire desert . The rooms are large air-conditioned tents that have all the amenities of most five-star hotels : bathrooms , televisions and even a refrigerated mini-bar . 1,000 Nights Camps ; Mandinat Al Sultan Qaboos , Oman ; +96899448158 7 . Shuwa One of the most popular dishes in Oman is called shuwa , succulent lamb served with spice-infused rice . Preparing shuwa typically involves slaughtering a sheep , marinating the meat with coriander , black pepper , cumin and cardamom , and then slow-cooking the morsels in an underground sand oven with charcoal . The whole process can take a full day , which is why shuwa is typically served as a feast only on Omani holidays and special occasions . There are several high-end restaurants in Muscat that serve home-cooked shuwa within minutes of ordering . One of the better ones is called Kargeen , a family-style restaurant with outdoor garden seating low to the ground in typical Omani fashion . Kargeen ; Al Bashair St. , Muscat ; +96824699055	The Chedi Muscat hotel claims its infinity pool is the longest pool in Oman Six Sense Zighy Bay offers a unique way to get to your room : parasailing from a rocky overlook 1,000 feet above the resort Shuwa is a lamb with rice dish typically served as a feast only on Omani holidays and special occasions
CNN  -- A U.S. drone strike killed eight militants in southern Yemen on Thursday morning , the latest hit in an intensified U.S. air camaign against al Qaeda and its affiliates in the area , security officials said . The attack targeted a convoy carrying senior leaders of the Ansar al-Sharia militant network , an offshoot of al Qaeda , in the Jaar district of Abyan province . The drone strike was followed by a string of air strikes by Yemen 's air force , three security officials said . Bill Roggio , an analyst on terror and military issues , said 15 U.S. airstrikes this year have targeted al Qaeda entities . Ansar al-Sharia is the political front for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . He said the bulk of the 32 U.S. airstrikes in Yemen since 2002 have occurred in 2011 and this year . Suspected al-Qaeda militants seized Abyan last year during Yemen 's political stalemate after government troops evacuated most military posts in the province . Clashes between government troops and militants also were reported by the security officials Thursday morning in the Abyan districts of Zinjibar , al-Kod and Dofas . The clashes resulted in the death of three troops in Zinjibar and the injury of six others , local security officials confirmed to CNN . The developments come less than a week after a senior operative of AQAP was killed by a CIA drone strike and less than three weeks after a terror plot to bring down a U.S.-bound jetliner was foiled . Fahd al Quso , 37 , was killed while riding in a vehicle in the Rafdh district in Shabwa province on Sunday , according to the officials . Al Quso was indicted by a federal grand jury in New York in 2003 on 50 counts of terrorism offenses for his role in the October 12 , 2000 , bombing of the USS Cole in Aden , Yemen . The bombing killed 17 U.S. sailors . The FBI had offered a $ 5 million reward for any information leading to the capture of al Quso , who was among the most-wanted terrorists in Yemen . He had been at-large since escaping in April 2003 with eight others from a Yemeni prison , where they had been held on suspicion of involvement in the Cole bombing . The terror plot revealed this week has been described by U.S. officials as involving a device that is an evolution of the bomb smuggled aboard a U.S.-bound plane on Christmas Day 2009 by a young Nigerian , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab . Three months before his death , al Quso foreshadowed the thwarted attack . "  The war did n't end between us and our enemies , " al Quso told a local journalist . "  Wait for what is coming . " Another high-profile hit occurred in September , when a U.S. drone strike killed Anwar al-Awlaki , an American radical cleric and leading figure in AQAP . Roggio -- managing editor of Long War Journal , a blog providing reporting and analysis on the war on terror -- said 32 drone and conventional airstrikes have been used over the decade . All of the strikes this year and four of 10 last year were drone airstrikes . The airstrike program has had its limitations , Roggio said . He compared it to U.S. operations in Pakistan . "  It 's effective at picking off leaders , but it 's not going to stop AQAP from occupying territory , " he said . Roggio said that militants still control territory in northwestern Pakistan despite the intensification of U.S. drone strikes there since 2008 . Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Yemen . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	NEW : The bulk of airstrikes in Yemen occurred in the past two years , analyst said Yemeni troops die in clashes Thursday , security officials say Another drone strike kills a senior al Qaeda operative over the weekend Thursday 's strikes kill senior leaders of an al Qaeda offshoot , officials say
The deadly attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , was "  likely preventable " based on known security shortfalls and prior warnings that the security situation there was deteriorating , the majority of the Senate Intelligence Committee concluded in a report released on Wednesday . Separately , the findings also noted what the FBI had told the panel -- that 15 people cooperating with its investigation had been killed in Benghazi , undercutting the investigation . It was not clear if the killings were related to the probe . Moreover , it said that people linked with various al Qaeda-related groups in North Africa and elsewhere participated in the September 11 , 2012 , attack , but investigators have n't been able to determine whether any one group was in command . The report placed some blame for the outcome on the State Department , saying it should have "  increased its security posture more significantly " in Libya 's second-largest city because of general warnings that U.S. personnel were at risk . The intelligence community "  provided ample strategic warning " that Americans and U.S. facilities were in danger , though it did n't offer a single warning that would have predicted the Benghazi attack that killed U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and three other Americans , the report said . But the findings did n't spare the intelligence community , saying it might have flagged potential threats to the compound had it done more analysis of "  extremist-affiliated social media . " It also blasted U.S. intelligence for inaccurately reporting -- without "  sufficient intelligence to corroborate it " -- that a protest might have led to the attack . The report said the intelligence community took too long to correct the erroneous reports , "  which caused confusion and influenced the public statements of policymakers . " The Obama administration initially believed the armed assault was triggered by outrage over a U.S.-produced anti-Muslim film . It has since classified it as an organized terror attack . Investigators have n't found evidence of pre-planning and suggest at least part of the attack was "  opportunistic . " That suggests a vulnerability for diplomatic facilities , because attacks can happen with little warning , the report said . Questions around security and intelligence as well as the slow-to-evolve and changing explanation fueled a ferocious response from Republicans in Congress , who have sharply criticized the administration and continue to investigate . New York Times report casts doubt on al Qaeda involvement in Benghazi A State Department spokeswoman , Marie Harf , said the report largely affirms the findings of an independent review of the Benghazi matter that recommended steps -- since undertaken by the agency -- to improve security at diplomatic facilities worldwide . On the issue of whether the attacks were preventable , Harf noted that "  we have repeatedly said there was no specific threat " pointing to an attack . "  Obviously , we 've talked at length about the fact that we knew there were extremists and terrorists operating in Libya and in Benghazi . But , again , we had no specific information indicating a threat an attack was coming , " she said . The Intelligence Committee report follows the release on Monday of previously classified information by the House Armed Services Committee . According to the documents , senior military officials told the panel there were no discussions related to any specific threat in Libya despite general warnings about the possibility of terror attacks around the anniversary of 9/11 . As a result , additional military assets were not deployed to the area . On the investigation , the FBI was quoted in the report as saying the 15 deaths have severely hampered its probe . "  The FBI 's investigation into the individuals responsible for the Benghazi attacks has been hampered by inadequate cooperation and a lack of capacity by foreign governments to hold these perpetrators accountable , making the pursuit of justice for the attacks slow and insufficient , " the report said . "  As a result , key information gaps remain about the potential foreknowledge and complicity of Libyan militia groups and security forces , the level of pre-planning for the attacks , the perpetrators and their involvement in other terrorist activities and the motivation for the attacks . " Several Intelligence Committee Republicans issued a separate set of conclusions . Committee Vice Chairman Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , Richard Burr of North Carolina , Marco Rubio of Florida , Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , and Dan Coats of Indiana said failures that led to the attack could be partly related to Obama 's failure , in their words , to establish a clear detention policy for terror suspects that gets the most out of intelligence collection . Instead of sending terror suspects directly to the military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , the administration has temporarily interrogated suspects on Navy ships , sometimes for weeks at a time , before sending them to the United States for trial . "  President Obama and his administration must end their efforts to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and must develop a clear , cogent policy for the detention and interrogation of suspected terrorists , " the Senators wrote . GOP Rep : Benghazi not a ` complete cover-up '	The 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic facility killed four Americans It has become a political flashpoint over security preparations , intelligence , response Senate committee report notes 15 people cooperating with FBI probe were killed Also , people with al Qaeda-related groups participated in the armed assault
Mashable  -- Magnets : How do they work ? Differently on the new iPad than on the iPad 2 , it has emerged -- and that 's bad news for anyone with an old or third-party smart cover . A number of users who bought new iPads over the weekend  this reporter included  were dismayed to discover that the smart covers they 'd bought for the iPad 2 did n't work on the new model . Smart covers , which attach to the iPad 's built-in magnets , are supposed to turn the tablet on automatically when you flip them open . But as dozens of iPad users in this Apple forum concurred , that was no longer the case with many smart covers on the new iPad . That seemed odd , as the new iPad is physically no different from the iPad 2 -- on the surface , at least . But it turns out Apple has been messing with the polarity of its magnets under the hood . Photographer Mark Booth uncovered this when he did some experiments with magnets , iPads and a couple of smart covers . You can see the results in a video on Booth 's blog . "  The iPad 2 $  s sleep/wake sensor was n't polarity specific , " Booth explains . And that apparently led to an issue for iPad 2 users who flipped their smart covers around so that they sat flush with the back of the tablet -- an everyday act that could cause the iPad 2 to switch off unintentionally . So it seems the new iPad 's sleep/wake sensor does require a specific polarity . But in fixing one issue , Apple appears to have caused another for users who want to use their old smart covers with their new tablets .  We 've asked Apple to comment , and will update you if we hear back . Booth theorizes that Apple quietly made the polarity change in their smart covers at some point in 2011 , since newer Apple-made smart covers do seem to work with the new iPad . If you got yours for the holidays , there 's a good chance you wo n't see a problem . If your smart cover hails from early 2011 , try taking it back to the Apple store ; Booth says he 's hearing from users that the store will exchange old smart covers for new ones . Owners of third-party smart covers , however -- such as the beautiful wood covers from Miniot -- appear to be out of luck . And it may not simply be a case of having to turn the new tablet on manually . In tests using my Miniot as a stand -- the other purpose of the smart cover -- the new iPad 's screen was plagued by fuzzy electronic lines and flashing artifacts . Do you own a smart cover and a new iPad ? Have you noticed this issue ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Users say that magnetic smart covers for the iPad 2 are n't working on the new model The reason ? The sleep/wake sensor is n't polarity specific If your smart cover hails from early 2011 , try taking it back to the Apple store
CNN  -- Stronger sanctions should have been taken against the Serbian Football Association , according to FIFA president Sepp Blatter -- who said that "  zero tolerance " policies against racism need to be upheld . The Serbian FA was fined $ 105,000 by UEFA on Thursday following an Under-21 match where opposing England players said they were racially abused . The fine was less than the punishment handed to a player at the Euro 2012 finals for exposing undershorts bearing the logo of a betting company . European soccer 's body also banned two Serbian coaches and a total of six players from both sides , while also ordering the eastern European nation to play its next competitive Under-21 match behind closed doors . UEFA was widely criticized , especially in England , for not taking a stronger stance -- and it was reported in the UK press that president Michel Platini might seek to appeal his own organization 's ruling . "  Not only racism , but discrimination has no place in football and there is zero tolerance for it , " Blatter told reporters at a press conference in Japan on Saturday . "  I just learned yesterday what the  Serbia  decision was and I 'm sure we will also take it up with UEFA at the level of governance , that there should be in all football , with every confederation and all national associations strong , harsh punishment when it comes to racism and discrimination . " Blatter told CNN last year that racism on the pitch could be "  settled with a handshake " but following the furore those comments caused he has pledged his commitment to battling the problem . "  I will take up a discussion with the president of UEFA , but I do n't know if he has an influence on his disciplinary committee , " the 76-year-old said in Tokyo when asked about the Serbia-England case . "  We will ask for details of the file but I repeat we have it in our organization that there must be very , very strong , strong punishment . " In a wide-ranging press conference following Friday 's FIFA executive committee meeting , Blatter also addressed concerns about security at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil following the midweek problems at a top South American club match in Sao Paulo . The second leg of the Copa Sudamerica final was abandoned at halftime after visiting Argentine team Tigres claimed they had been threatened with guns by security officials as they left the pitch . Sao Paulo has experienced a drastic rise in crime this year , and Brazil has boosted its security budget in order to quell concerns that visiting fans will not be safe . "  Such an incident I have to say is also a warning for the organizers in the World Cup -- a warning for all organizers about what will happen , " said Blatter , who is in Japan for the Club World Cup , which climaxes with Sunday 's final between Brazilian team Corinthians and European champions Chelsea . "  Security is not a matter of sports organizers , it 's a matter of the authorities , police , army , whatever as we have no power in football to change security , " Blatter added . He said world football 's governing body had given Indonesian soccer authorities a "  Christmas gift " by agreeing to a new deadline to resolve a two-year power conflict . The Indonesian Football Association  PSSI  is battling for control with the breakaway Indonesian Soccer Rescue Committee  KPSI  -- a struggle that has been brought to prominence by the death of a Paraguayan player who was owed four months ' wages . Diego Mendieta died in hospital after contracting an illness , having been unable to return home to his family due to lack of funds after his contract expired . "  It has been two years now , two years that they have tried to put together the two parts of the football organizations , but they could n't do it , " Blatter said . "  They have asked for another three months to be given , until March next year , and also the Asian Football Confederation was advocating that . I think it was quite a Christmas gift to Indonesia that they have n't been suspended . "  They have a league but the players of that league can not play in the national team . Something is wrong . "  Since 2011 we have tried to bring together these two different halves of Indonesian football . We have given until the next meeting of the Executive Committee on the 20th and 21st of March next year to bring their house in order . "	Head of world football says he will talk to European counterpart about Serbia case Sepp Blatter says racism and discrimination deserve "  harsh punishments " FIFA president expresses concern about 2014 World Cup safety after Brazil violence He says Indonesia lucky not to be suspended as a FIFA member nation
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the stoning deaths of a young man and woman in northern Afghanistan over the weekend , calling the executions by the Taliban "  unforgivable . " "  Executing these two young people without trial is a crime , an act of inhumanity , and is counter to Islam , " the president said in a statement Tuesday . The Taliban stoned to death a man and a woman in northern Afghanistan for allegedly having an affair , officials said Monday . The stoning took place Sunday in Dasht-e-Archi district , in the village of Mullah Qali -- a village dominated by the Taliban in Kunduz province . The pair was accused of having an illicit sexual relationship , a spokesman for the Kunduz governor said . The woman was about 20 years old and the man was about 27 , said Mohammed Ayuob , district governor of Amam Sahib , which is also in Kunduz province . The woman was engaged , and the man was married to another woman . The two had been held by the Taliban for about a week , Ayuob said .	President Karzai says execution without a trial is counter to Islam The stoning took place in an Afghan village dominated by the Taliban The man and woman were accused of having an illicit sexual relationship
CNN  -- Born in the Democratic Republic of Congo , Dikembe Mutombo came to the United States on an academic scholarship to study medicine at Georgetown University . But his career path soon changed after joining the school 's basketball team . Mutombo would go on to play in the NBA for 18 years and become one of the league 's all-time best defensive players . Mutombo has always been involved in humanitarian work , particularly through the Dikembe Mutombo Foundation . He has been involved with CNN Heroes since 2007 , when he served on the Blue Ribbon Panel that selects the top Heroes of the year . Mutombo recently sat down with CNN producer Allison Blakely to talk about Heroes and his philanthropy . Below are excerpts from that interview . Allison Blakely : What was your inspiration for starting the Dikembe Mutombo Foundation ? Dikembe Mutombo : After traveling so much in Africa , doing some work for different organizations , we -LSB- had -RSB- witnessed so much suffering and pain . The Democratic Republic of Congo -LSB- has suffered -RSB- more than 10 years of civil unrest , where more than 5.3 million people have died . People have -LSB- called it -RSB- the World War III of Africa .  shakes his head  People are left with nothing . I decided to create the Dikembe Mutombo Foundation to change the living condition of my people in Africa . Blakely : You originally intended to be a doctor . Now you 've built a hospital in your homeland . Tell me about it . Mutombo : -LSB- It -RSB- was my -LSB- hope -RSB- in building a hospital to let people know that things can be much better in the future . ... The Old Testament says , "  People perish because of lack of education , " and that 's what we are trying to do . It 's through education we will reduce the mortality rate : telling those moms how they can keep their babies away from mosquitoes , how they can get their baby vaccinated and deliver the baby in better circumstances . There was a woman that delivered a premature baby ; I think that baby was like the size of my hands . We were the only hospital that was well-equipped with the high technology . The baby was able to grow stronger until it was able to go home . To see that child every time I go home is like I gave life to somebody . I think each one of us in this world , we have a duty to fulfill our mission . God has blessed some of us in the position to touch many people , and so many people can hear our voices from distances away , and I think I am capable to do it . Blakely : What is a hero to you , and what do you think inspires some of these people ? Mutombo : A hero is someone who inspires you with their voice or with their acts or with their hands . That 's a hero . Blakely : You were on the CNN Heroes Blue Ribbon Panel back in 2007 . What was that like ? Mutombo : I think it 's great . I -LSB- would -RSB- encourage more people who have the strength and the courage and the love and the commitment of going out and making a difference to go and try . ... You ca n't just live in a society where you think , "  I do n't have anything to contribute . " It 's all about the gift that you have . ... You can inspire so many people . Blakely : You went out to the "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " last year , right ? How was that ? Mutombo : I was just walking down the red carpet , able to meet Anderson Cooper and everybody who came from the different parts of the world , celebrating our work and our contribution to this world . It was amazing . Blakely : So , you 've met some of the CNN Heroes . How have you been inspired by them ? Mutombo : Oh , inspired a lot . To see some of the people -- how they have gone on with no money , with no mean -LSB- s -RSB- -- there 's a lot of people out there who are contributing . We all have some obligation to fulfill something in this world we 're living in . It does n't matter how long your life -LSB- is -RSB- . It is about your contribution , how much difference you 're making . That 's what those people are doing . I thank them , and I compliment them , and I salute them for their effort .	Former NBA star is committed to helping people in Democratic Republic of Congo His foundation helps provide health care and education for many Congolese Mutombo has been a part of CNN Heroes since 2007 , when he served on the Blue Ribbon Panel
CNN  -- There is an old saying : Out of sight , out of mind . T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , has mentored at-risk students as part of his community service . But when rap star T.I. disappears from the hip-hop scene to complete his one-year , one-day sentence in federal prison , several music experts say , that wo n't be the case . The self-proclaimed "  King of the South " will be sticking around , thanks to the success of his most recent album -- the double-platinum , Grammy-nominated "  Paper Trail , " released last September -- his community service efforts and a reality show on MTV that has resonated with fans , they say . "  I think that if anything , it will gain him more fans and actually support his fan base , because he 's talked about making a mistake , " said Emil Wilbekin , editor in chief of Giant Magazine , which focuses on urban music and lifestyle and featured T.I. on its November 2008 cover . "  He 's talked about taking care of the error of his ways . " T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , was sentenced to prison in federal court in Atlanta , Georgia , last week on weapons charges . He will be taken into custody no earlier than May 19 . In addition to serving prison time , the court asked T.I. , 28 , to pay a $ 100,300 fine on weapons charges related to purchasing machine guns and silencers . "  I would like to say thank you to some and apologize to others , " Harris said at his sentencing Friday . "  In my life , I have been placed in the worst-case scenario and had to make the best of it . " Though he had been in legal trouble before , Harris ' current situation began when he was arrested just hours before he was to perform at the BET Hip-Hop Awards in Atlanta . The rapper had provided a bodyguard with $ 12,000 to buy weapons . Harris was not permitted to own any guns , however , because he was convicted in 1998 on felony drug charges -- possession of crack cocaine with intent to distribute -- in Cobb County , in suburban Atlanta . After his arrest , he entered a plea agreement , which federal authorities called unique because it allowed the rapper to remain out of prison for a year while he performed community service . Harris has already left a strong mark on the hip-hop genre , music experts say , which should position his career well when he is released . Harris had been named to the Forbes list of top-earning rappers , making an estimated $ 16 million in 2006 . His fan base has expanded in the last year , with some of the growth due to "  Paper Trail , " which has sold close to 2 million copies , according to Nielsen SoundScan . This year , Harris went on to star in the MTV reality show "  T.I. 's Road to Redemption : 45 Days to Go , " which chronicles his efforts to shave years off his sentence by completing his community service . The show features him talking to schools and community groups "  about how to avoid the trouble he now finds himself in , " according to the network 's Web site . To keep Harris in the spotlight , Jason Geter , part owner of Harris ' record label Grand Hustle Entertainment , said the company will release a remixed copy of "  Paper Trail " with five new songs this summer . He says Harris is shooting music videos set to be released when he is in prison . "  We come from a world if you do n't work , you do n't eat , " Geter said . In addition to music , Harris ' television production company Grand Hustle Productions , which produced the MTV reality show , is filming a second reality television series for MTV about celebrity racing . Also , in the heist film "  Takers , " produced by Screen Gems and set for release in January 2010 , Harris will appear alongside actor Matt Dillon . And Grand Hustle Entertainment officials say Harris ' clothing line for young men , AKOO , will continue to be available in stores . Geter said that even in prison , his partner Harris will stay focused on his career . "  His -LSB- Harris ' -RSB- music reflects his experiences , " Geter said . "  He makes himself vulnerable , and that 's why people like him so much . And people always love to hear a good drama . " Music experts say Harris ' fans are an extremely dedicated group that will probably remain loyal until his release . They say that since fans have known for more than a year that their celebrity rapper would be facing jail time , they have had time to prepare for his departure and the decision does n't come as a shock . Furthermore , experts say , one year is too short of a time to forget such a popular artist . "  This will give him some time to do some great thinking and creating , " said Gail Mitchell , senior correspondent for R&B and hip-hop at Billboard . "  This time around , he is going to be OK . " Stacey Richman , a New York-based attorney who has worked with hip-hop artists such as Jay-Z , DMX and Ja Rule , said there is some threat that going to prison may cause a artist to burn out . But she adds that properly managed talent can help the artist survive . "  It comes down to where he stands in his career , " said Richman , who has been practicing law for nearly two decades . Prison time can , perhaps ironically , serve to raise the profile of some hip-hop stars . A handful have been able to resume their careers at an even higher level after concluding their sentences . One of the most infamous examples involved 2Pac , also known as Tupac Shakur , who entered prison in 1994 on a sex abuse conviction . In 1996 , after his prison stint , he released his album "  All Eyez on Me , " which had sold 9 million copies by 1998 , according to the Record Industry Association of America , a trade organization representing the U.S. recording industry . It was the first double-disc album of original material in hip-hop history , according to Billboard . More recently , Grammy-winning rapper Lil ' Kim , also known as Kimberly Jones , is making her comeback on the popular ABC reality show "  Dancing With the Stars . " She served a year in prison after being convicted of perjury in a federal case involving her friends and a 2001 gunfight in New York City . She has not released an album since leaving prison . But incarceration does n't promise success . Rapper Foxy Brown spent eight months in prison for violating her probation ; her first post-incarceration album , "  Brooklyn 's Don Diva , " was given mediocre reviews and floundered in sales . It has sold only about 30,000 copies , according to Nielsen SoundScan . Hip-hop artist Jamaal "  Shyne " Barrow , who was sentenced to 10 years in prison for two counts of assault and a list of other charges for involvement in a much-publicized New York City nightclub shootout with Puff Daddy and Jennifer Lopez , released an album while incarcerated in 2004 , "  Godfather Buried Alive , " that struggled to make a splash on the charts . Since his plea agreement , Harris has worked to differentiate his personal life from his rapper image . In multiple interviews with the media , he often mentioned that he is a father of five who lost a daughter to a miscarriage in 2008 . His best friend died at a post-party shooting , which he says was the motivation for arming himself . "  Most often , things I have learned have been from trial and error , " Harris told CNN . "  I knew no way to protect myself than to arm myself . " Watch the rapper 's interview with CNN 's T.J. Holmes " In Harris ' latest single , "  Dead and Gone " with Justin Timberlake , the lyrics indicate a changed Harris , trying to shed his previous image . He writes in the song that the "  old me is dead and gone . " The fan support for Harris continues to pour in since he received his sentence Friday . On Facebook.com , one fan , Hendrick Garner in Tupelo , Mississippi , wrote , "  Like you said this -LSB- is your -RSB- defining moment , and I think we all have had that moment , but it only makes us stronger . "	Rapper T.I. will be taken into custody no earlier than May 19 Music experts say one year away is too short a time for fans to forget him T.I. 's Grammy-nominated album "  Paper Trail " has sold nearly 2 million copies Other rappers like 2Pac and Lil ' Kim have found success after prison
CNN  -- The attorney for an Indian diplomat whose arrest and detention in New York sparked an international controversy on visa fraud charges said Thursday the allegations are baseless . And he accused U.S. authorities of deliberately mishandling her arrest . "  They were trying to humiliate her and flex their muscle , and they succeeded in doing that , " Dan Arshack , lawyer for Devyani Khobragade , told CNN 's "  New Day . " But the attorney for a housekeeper at the center of allegations that Khobragade violated an agreement in a visa document by underpaying her said Arshack is the one who does n't have the facts straight . The salvos came a day after the chief federal prosecutor in Manhattan , U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , lashed out at those questioning the legitimacy of the case , which has infuriated Indian society and led to repercussions from the Indian government . "  This office 's sole motivation in this case , as in all cases , is to uphold the rule of law , protect victims , and hold accountable anyone who breaks the law -- no matter what their societal status and no matter how powerful , rich or connected they are , " he said in a statement . Khobragade , India 's deputy consul general in New York , was arrested and stripped-searched last week on charges of visa fraud related to her treatment of her housekeeper , who has been publicly identified as Sangeeta Richard . "  This type of fraud on the United States and exploitation of an individual will not be tolerated , " Bharara said . The case has sparked outrage among different , conflicting camps : those slamming her treatment as "  barbaric " and those saying the real issue is the alleged mistreatment of domestic workers . The case has reverberated in Washington and New Delhi . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called her treatment "  deplorable . " In a statement , Secretary of State John Kerry expressed "  regret " over the situation , without saying the United States had done anything wrong . "  In terms of our relationship with the United States , I do feel this must be resolved , " Indian External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid said , according to CNN sister network IBN . Deputy Secretary of State William Burns and Undersecretary Wendy Sherman sought to diffuse tensions through discussions with Indian officials . A senior official said the U.S. government is most concerned about India 's response in removing security barriers at the embassy in New Dehli and whether India might subject a U.S. diplomat to treatment similar to what Khobragade went through during her detention in New York . In court documents and in a public statement , Bharara -- who was himself born in India -- states that Khobragade lied in a visa application , promising to pay her housekeeper the minimum wage of $ 9.75 . She would actually be paid $ 3.31 per hour . Khobragade allegedly instructed the housekeeper to say she would be paid the higher rate and not mention her actual pay . Khobragade allegedly had the housekeeper sign another employment contract establishing the lower pay . The second contract , which was not to be revealed to the U.S. government , "  deleted the required language protecting the victim from other forms of exploitation and abuse " and also deleted language that said Khobragade agreed to abide by U.S. laws , Bharara said Wednesday . Khobragade is charged with one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 15 years in prison . The allegations have "  nothing to do with what the actual facts are , " Arshack told CNN Thursday . Khobragade abided by the terms of the contract that was submitted , he said . "  There was no fraud . " The second contract , Arshack alleged , was one the domestic worker requested , "  which would confirm that a portion of the money that she was going to get paid would get sent directly to her husband in New Delhi . And that 's what happened . And that 's what the documents support . " But Dana Sussman , the housekeeper 's attorney , said his client was only paid the smaller amount , which was deposited into an Indian bank account . Her client denies being given any money in the United States that could be considered a salary , she said . "  I do n't know what he 's talking about , " Sussman said of Arshack 's claims . "  This story seems to keep changing . " Indian diplomat : Does she have immunity ? Dispute over diplomat 's treatment U.S. authorities should have handled the case differently , Arshack argued . A financial dispute could be handled as a civil action , he said . And he asked why the government did n't contact Khobragade to say she would be arrested and give her the chance to come in . "  We do self-surrenders all the time with defendants in New York , " Arshack said . Instead , she was arrested after dropping off her daughter at school . "  This is muscle flexing , " Arshack complained . The diplomat 's detention was handled by the U.S. Marshals Service , not New York police . Bharara defended the handling of the arrest and custody though his office was not involved . "  Khobragade was accorded courtesies well beyond what other defendants , most of whom are American citizens , are accorded , " he said Wednesday . "  She was not , as has been incorrectly reported , arrested in front of her children . The agents arrested her in the most discreet way possible , and unlike most defendants , she was not then handcuffed or restrained . " In addition , she was allowed to keep her phone and make calls to arrange personal matters , including child care , he said . "  Because it was cold outside , the agents let her make those calls from their car and even brought her coffee and offered to get her food . It is true that she was fully searched by a female deputy marshal -- in a private setting -- when she was brought into the U.S. Marshals ' custody , but this is standard practice for every defendant , rich or poor , American or not , in order to make sure that no prisoner keeps anything on his person that could harm anyone , including himself . This is in the interests of everyone 's safety . "  There can be no plausible claim that this case was somehow unexpected or an injustice , " Bharara said . "  In fact , the Indian government itself has been aware of this legal issue , and that its diplomats and consular officers were at risk of violating the law . The question then may be asked : Is it for U.S. prosecutors to look the other way , ignore the law and the civil rights of victims ... or is it the responsibility of the diplomats and consular officers and their government to make sure the law is observed ? " One aspect of this case that 's in dispute involves the question of what level of immunity Khobragade is entitled to , the circumstances of her arrest and Richard 's actions during her employment . Opinion : What about the nanny ? Calls for an apology It remained unclear Thursday whether U.S. and Indian officials would be able to find a way out of the diplomatic tangle . Kerry 's expression of regret was featured prominently on the front page of leading Indian newspapers on Thursday . Commentators and government officials debated whether his comments went far enough . "  An apology from America , acceptance of their fault is what we will be satisfied with , " Parliamentary Affairs Minister Kamal Nath said , according to IBN . As her case plays out in public , Khobragade has been moved to India 's Permanent Mission to the United Nations , where she may get full diplomatic immunity , Indian officials say . Richard , meanwhile , has no passport , is living with friends and has been granted temporary legal status that allows her to remain and work in the United States until the matter is resolved , her lawyer Dana Sussman said . Human rights advocates say the allegations against Khobragade highlight the exploitation of domestic workers around the world . "  It 's a good sign that authorities are showing they can take mistreatment of domestic workers seriously , " Nisha Varia of Human Rights Watch said in a blog post Tuesday . "  It sends the message that no employer is above the law . " Debate : Arrest , strip-search of Indian diplomat ` barbaric ? ' CNN 's Tom Watkins , Deborah Feyerick , Elise Labott , Harmeet Shah Singh , Ross Levitt and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Housekeeper 's attorney says diplomat 's attorney 's "  story keeps changing " Diplomat 's attorney accuses U.S. authorities of "  trying to humiliate " India 's external affairs minister plans to talk to John Kerry on Thursday Prosecutors say diplomat lied to authorities about working conditions of her housekeeper
CNN  -- Egypt began the defense of their Africa Cup of Nations crown with an emphatic 3-1 victory against title rivals Nigeria in Angola on Tuesday . The Pharaohs , who have won the tournament a record six times , had to come from behind after conceding a 12th-minute goal in the Group C opener in Benguela . Nigeria , seeking a third title , took the lead when striker Chinedu Obasi , who plays for German club Hoffenheim , cut in from the right and lashed in a fierce left-foot effort that goalkeeper Essam El-Hadary could only tip into the net . Obasi 's strike partner Aiyegbeni Yakubu thought he had earned a penalty when his cross hit the arm of Egypt defender Mahmoud Fathalla , but referee Rajindraparsad Seechurn ruled it was not intentional . Egypt leveled in the 34th minute when Emad Moteab ran onto Ahmed Hassan 's throughball , rounded Vincent Enyeama as the goalkeeper rushed out of his area , and slotted the ball into the empty net . Captain Hassan put his side ahead nine minutes after halftime , with his shot wrong-footing Enyeama after taking a massive deflection off the backside of Taye Taiwo following a layoff from Mohamed Zidan . Nigeria coach Shaibu Amodu surprisingly took off Chelsea midfielder Jon Obi Mikel with 10 minutes to play and replaced him with veteran Portsmouth striker Kanu . But the move backfired as Egypt substitute Mohamed Gedo drove in a low right-foot shot on 88 to seal his side 's first victory over the Super Eagles in 23 years . In Tuesday 's other Group C match , Mozambique came from two goals down to deny Benin a historic first victory at the tournament . The Squirrels did earn their first point , but were expecting much more after scoring twice before halfway through the opening period . Striker Razak Omotoyossi , who plays for French club Metz , netted the opener from the penalty spot in the 14th minute after being brought down by Mozambique goalkeeper Joao Rafael . Dario Khan then put through his own net seven minutes later as he stabbed the ball past Rafael while trying to clear a loose ball , but Almiro Lobo pulled a goal back after half an hour when he headed home as Benin defended woefully at a corner . Substitute Goncalves Fumo leveled the score 10 minutes after halftime as goalkeeper Yoann Djidonou , who had flapped ineffectually to allow Lobo to score , was caught out after coming out of his area to clear the ball . With the multi-ball system in operation , Mozambique took a quick throw-in and Elias Pelembe set up Fumo with Djidonou scrambling in vain back to his goal .	Egypt begin defense of their Africa Cup of Nations crown with a 3-1 victory over Nigeria Nigeria took the lead in 12th minute through Chinedu Obasi but Emad Moteab leveled Second-half goals from Ahmed Hassan and Mohamed Gedo give Egypt win in Group C opener Mozambique come from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Benin in other Group C match
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gunmen shot and killed nine prison guards in eastern Pakistan on Thursday after gaining entry to a building where they were staying , officials said . Thirty-five prison guards were in the building in the city of Lahore when four to six gunmen entered , said Muhammad Rashid , a Lahore police official . The guards , most of them from the volatile northwestern province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , were in Lahore for training , Rashid said . Habib Ur Rehman , the police chief of Punjab province , said the attack killed nine prison guards . Lahore is the province 's capital . Shortly afterward , the Taliban claimed responsibility for the act . Ihsanullah Ihsan , a spokesman for the group , said the attack was meant to send a message that no area of the country is outside Taliban reach . Security forces in Pakistan are often the targets of violence , with militant groups active in different parts of the country . In a separate attack Thursday , armed militants killed six coal miners and a doctor in southwestern Balochistan province five days after they kidnapped them , a senior government official said . "  All victims have received multiple bullets on their heads and chest , " said Muhammad Hashim Ghilzai , the deputy commissioner of Quetta , the provincial capital . All seven were killed while in custody of the Balochistan Liberation Army , an insurgent group that has claimed responsibility for several bombings in the country , he said . The group demands Balochistan be made a separate independent state free from Pakistan 's rule . Ghilzai said militants abducted the coal miners on their way back to the city from a private coal company . An investigation is under way .	NEW : Militants kill six coal miners and a doctor in Baluchistan province The Taliban claims responsibility for an attack on prison guards in Lahore The guards were in the city on training
CNN  -- After being detained in the South Korean port of Jeju since Friday , the Chinese luxury cruise ship , Henna , finally set sail just after 7:30 p.m. local time on Monday . The ship is now headed back to China and expected to arrive at the Tianjin Dongjiang International Cruise Port near Beijing at 11 a.m. on Wednesday . The departure was confirmed by the ship 's operator , HNA Tourism Cruise and Yacht Management Corp. . According to HNA , by the time of departure , 1,558 passengers had been flown back to China after their vacations were interrupted by a South Korean court order and unexpected detainment . Perhaps the most shocking news surrounding the departure is that 87 resolute passengers , undeterred by the international commotion and four days in Jeju , were so determined to finish their trips that they chose to return to China with the ship . Henna saga The Henna was impounded in Jeju on Friday by a local court following a seizure application filed by Chinese state-owned shipping company , Jiangsu Shagang Group , against Beijing-based travel organizer HNA Tourism , according to China 's state news agency , Xinhua . Jiangsu Shagang Group filed the application with South Korean authorities due to a legal dispute with HNA Tourism , related to a legal proceeding over outstanding lease payments with an HNA subsidiary , Grand China Shipping . The Henna is under the ownership of Sanya Artemis Yacht Entertainment Co. , Ltd , a subsidiary of HNA Tourism . At least seven airplanes were dispatched to fly the 1,659 passengers and approximately 650 crew members back to China , according to a statement from HNA Tourism . Passengers will receive compensation of approximately RMB 2,000  about $ 250  for the stunted trip , said the company . Difficult detention China state media reported that during the ship 's weekend detention , two passengers suffered heart attacks ; according to HNA , however , only one passenger suffered a heart attack . A child suffered from a fever . All were taken to a local Korean hospital for treatment . An HNA Tourism spokesperson told CNN the company believes the timing for the seizure was "  deliberate . " The Jiangsu Shagang Group filed its application on Friday at 4 p.m. local time , knowing many public offices would soon be closed for the weekend , according to an HNA spokesperson . HNA says the timing led directly to the suffering and inconvenience of its passengers. According to HNA  link in Chinese only  , the company paid an RMB 16,880,000  $ 2.75 million  bond by 3 a.m. on Saturday to release the ship , after receiving the detention notice . However , the Jeju court delayed payment of the funds over the weekend . Representatives from the Jiangsu Shagang Group were unavailable for comment . Described by HNA as China 's first luxury cruise ship , the Henna made its maiden voyage in January of this year . ` Lack of respect ' toward Chinese On its official Weibo page , HNA says South Korean authorities ignored the rights of Chinese tourists and acted "  inappropriately " in dealing with the issue. According to state-owned China Youth Daily , China accounts for 35 % of tourists in South Korea , and that number is on the rise . The story of the Henna has gone viral on Chinese social media networks . Many Chinese Netizens question the detention order issued by the South Koreans . "  They should n't let the tourists suffer no matter what happened ! This  shows  a lack of respect to the Chinese , " posted one commenter . Anger has also been directed at HNA , following Chinese media reports that HNA 's unpaid debt was the primary reason for the legal dispute . "  Someone loaned money to a villain , the villain does n't want to return . Then , you ask people to shush , and not talk about it aloud , " posted another Chinese netizen . South Korean officials in Jeju said that while the incident was regrettable , they were n't concerned about long-term damage to South Korea 's reputation as a holiday destination for Chinese travelers .	Detained in South Korea since Friday , China 's first luxury cruise ship has finally left port for home Planes were dispatched to fly passengers and crew back to China Impounding is part of legal dispute between two Chinese shipping companies The story has attracted massive attention on Chinese social media
CNN  -- Tuesday was anything but a routine day for Deputy Brandon Jenkins , who spent three hours in his patrol car after nearly 50,000 honeybees decided to park on it . The Wake County Sheriff 's Office officer had responded around 9:40 a.m. to a call of a person possibly being attacked by bees . He found a disabled truck on U.S. 64 a few miles east of Raleigh , North Carolina . Behind it was a trailer holding 60 boxes of bees . The truck driver , who was headed for Rocky Mount , had been hauling the bees at night , when they are quiet and not apt to fly . He spent a couple hours after daybreak trying to get someone to tow the trailer and his truck . That 's when Jenkins , 31 , pulled up 50 yards behind in his Dodge Charger . By then , the day was beginning to warm . "  The bees were hot and bothered , " said Charles Heatherly , one of two beekeepers who later swarmed to Jenkins ' assistance . It was not clear how the bees got away from the truck , but a lid from one box was seen on the side of the road . "  It was mind-boggling how many bees were out there , " Jenkins told CNN . Eventually , the vehicles were towed off , leaving him still in his Dodge . "  I was told that usually when a truck starts moving , the bees will follow behind . " Wrong . Jennifer Keller , who assisted Heatherly , said the leftover bees were likely drawn to the light color of the Dodge . The insects spent the next three hours crawling over the vehicle , especially on the trunk and side panels . "  At some point , it was hard to see out of the windows , " said Jenkins . Heatherly , a hobbyist , and Keller , a honeybee technician at North Carolina State University , went to work . "  They got a little testy , " said Heatherly who , like Keller , was not wearing a protective body suit . They used smoke on the bees , which Keller says "  masks their communication , " and a spray bottle of sugar water . The sticky mix makes it harder for the bees to fly and they concentrate on grooming themselves rather than attacking humans . At some point , Jenkins was advised to drive his patrol car some distance to blow the bees off . But that did n't work . Eventually , the beekeepers brushed the bees onto a piece of plastic and then into a hive box . Keller and Heatherly between them were stung only three or four times . Jenkins said about six bees got in his patrol car . He dispatched a couple when "  they got too close to my personal space . " Tuesday 's incident was an unusual demonstration of how bees stick together . "  They pull together as a unit , " said Keller . "  As a whole , they are quite amazing . "	North Carolina deputy spent three hours in car because of bees Two beekeepers came to his assistance , using smoke and sugar water Wake County deputy : "  At some point , it was hard to see out of the windows " Eventually , nearly 50,000 bees were driven into hive box
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Gustav left 22 dead in Haiti and the Dominican Republic before it pulled away from the countries Wednesday , officials said . A coffin is carried for one of eight people who was killed as Gustav hit the Dominican Republic on Wednesday . The storm is expected to pass between Cuba and Jamaica before heading into the Gulf of Mexico . The storm killed 14 people in Haiti , said Pierre Louis Pinchinat , deputy director of Haiti 's Civil Protection Directorate . Authorities said eight more , including six children , were killed in a mudslide triggered by heavy rain in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic . Forecasters warned that Gustav , which was a Category 1 hurricane when it made landfall in Haiti on Tuesday , is likely to regain hurricane intensity by Friday . The forecast shows Gustav entering the Gulf of Mexico on Saturday or Sunday as a Category 3 hurricane , with maximum sustained winds of at least 111 mph  179 kph  . However , hurricane movements are erratic , and long-range forecasts are subject to change . iReport.com : Send us your photos , videos Pinchinat said many areas of Haiti are cut off from aid workers because roads and bridges are washed out . At least 300 people are in a shelter in one region , he said , and others are in shelters across the country . In the Dominican Republic , the mudslide occurred early Wednesday in the Guachupita neighborhood of Santo Domingo , officials said . See flooding , damage caused by Gustav " Marino Vasquez stood crying over the coffin of one of his children . iReport.com : Storm takes young lives in Santo Domingo "  I do n't have anybody anymore , " he said . "  I lost my entire family . They 're all dead there . I have seven dead there . " The dead included two women in their 30s and six children ages 2 to 15 , according to government figures . Photojournalist and iReporter Juan Fach documented the scene , not far from the main metropolitan area in a poor part of the neighborhood called Jarro Sucio , or Dirty Pot . Watch vehicles stranded in flooding in Santo Domingo " The children drowned in a river that ran alongside the settlement ; the two women were killed when a mountain of rock and mud tumbled onto their wooden houses , he said . The bodies were taken in a car to a nearby church , where counselors attempted to console their relatives . More than 1,300 people were staying in shelters , and another 4,400 displaced people were staying elsewhere , the government said . In all , 1,140 houses were damaged , and another five were destroyed , officials said . As of 11 p.m. Wednesday , Gustav 's center was about 205 miles  330 km  west of Port-au-Prince , Haiti , and 100 miles  161 km  south of Guantanamo , Cuba , according to the National Hurricane Center . It was moving west-southwest at about 8 mph  13 kph  and is expected to turn west on Thursday and west-northwest on Friday . "  On the forecast track , Gustav should pass between Jamaica and the southeastern coast of Cuba on Thursday , " the hurricane center said . "  However , any deviation to the left of the forecast track could bring the center of Gustav very near Jamaica . " Gustav 's maximum sustained winds were near 45 mph  75 kph  , with higher gusts . "  Slow strengthening is forecast once Gustav moves away from Haiti , and the storm could regain hurricane strength within the next day or two , " the hurricane center said . A Category 1 hurricane has maximum sustained winds of at least 74 mph  119 kph  . See projected path " Michaele Gedeon , president of the Haitian Red Cross , said that 180 people were in a shelter set up in a mayor 's office in southeast Haiti . The storm has destroyed the roofs of more than 100 homes , Gedeon said . Gustav is expected to produce rainfall of 6 to 12 inches over Haiti , the Dominican Republic , Cuba , Jamaica and the Cayman Islands , with isolated amounts up to 25 inches possible , forecasters said . The heavy rain could trigger flash floods and additional mudslides . Computer models show Gustav heading for the U.S. Gulf Coast , arriving anywhere from western Florida -- which is already waterlogged from last week 's Tropical Storm Fay -- to Louisiana , where cleanup and repair efforts are ongoing three years after Hurricane Katrina . Katrina killed more than 1,800 people when it slammed into the Gulf Coast on August 29 , 2005 , flattening towns on the Mississippi coast and flooding portions of New Orleans , Louisiana . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , saying he wanted the state to be prepared in case Gustav hit the state , declared an emergency for Louisiana on Wednesday . "  We are going to hope for the best , but we 're preparing for the worst , " Jindal said . The federal government said it is stepping up its preparations , ensuring that supplies will be ready for distribution along the Gulf Coast and readying disaster teams , among other actions . Concerns about Gustav 's approach were partially to blame for an increase in oil prices Wednesday , analysts said . Oil platforms in and around the Gulf account for more than one-fourth of U.S. oil production . A tropical storm warning still was in effect Wednesday night for Hurricane warnings remained in effect for parts of Cuba . Hurricane watches were in effect in Jamaica , the Cayman Islands and the Cuban provinces of Las Tunas and Holguin . Hurricane watches mean hurricane conditions are possible within the watch area in 36 hours . U.S. troops on the American naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , were keeping an eye on Gustav and "  reviewing destructive weather plans and procedures , " said a statement from the Pentagon . Facilities housing detainees on the base "  are capable of withstanding hurricane force winds and rain , " the statement said . "  Safe and humane care and custody of the detainees includes protection from the elements of inclement weather . " CNN 's Alanne Orjoux and CNNMoney 's Kenneth Musante contributed to this report .	Photojournalist says two women were killed when mud , rock hit houses Gustav kills 14 people in Haiti , eight in Dominican Republic , officials say Dominican man : "  I lost my entire family . They 're all dead there " Analysts say Gustav fears are partially to blame for oil price increase
CNN  -- Paraguay international Salvador Cabanas is in a critical condition after being shot in the head in Mexico City . The 29-year-old Club America striker was taken to a hospital intensive care unit following the incident on Sunday night . Mexico City attorney general Miguel Angel Mancera told TV station Televisa : "  We do n't know the motive behind the injury . According to an initial report it was a shot from a firearm with a frontal entry point and without exit . "  The player is conscious but he has a heart problem which they 're trying to stabilize . We 're waiting to see what those arrested have to say . It seems that the attack happened in the bathroom of a bar . " Cabanas is one of Paraguay 's most highly-rated players and was part of their World Cup squad in Germany . He has scored more than 100 times in the Mexican top-flight and has netted 18 goals in 24 matches this season . Club America president Michel Bauer later revealed the forward was having surgery adding he believed the attack was unprovoked . "  He arrived conscious and responded well to the questions they asked him as he was going into hospital , " he told Televisa . "  It 's a key point that can be encouraging , but until further notice we can not speculate on anything at all . "  They wanted to assault him . I can confirm that is what his wife has said , that it was an assault . There was no shoot-out nor any quarrel , " Bauer added .	Paraguay international Salvador Cabanas is in a critical condition after being shot in the head in Mexico City The 29-year-old Club America striker was taken to a hospital intensive care unit following the incident on Sunday He has scored more than 100 times in the Mexican top-flight and has netted 18 goals in 24 matches this season
Generations of Britons have grown up pledging to "  Remember remember the fifth of November : Gunpowder , treason and plot " -- the figure of Guy Fawkes linked forever with fireworks , bonfires and childhood fun . Now -- more than four hundred years after the gruesome death of the man who plotted to blow up the Houses of Parliament with barrels of gunpowder -- members of the Occupy and Anonymous movements are hoping to provide their own reason to remember Guy Fawkes Night . On Saturday , November 5 , hundreds of protesters wearing the sinister black and white Guy Fawkes masks plan to march on Parliament in central London . "  It will be a night our government never forgets , " Malcolm , a member of hacker group Anonymous , said with a smile . "  Our government should be expecting us . " The march will recreate one of the final scenes of "  V for Vendetta , " a film based on the comic books by Alan Moore about a mysterious masked revolutionary who brings down a totalitarian regime , succeeding where Fawkes failed by blowing up parliament . The Guy Fawkes mask , worn by V , the film 's protagonist -- with its diabolical grin , devilish black moustache and thin goatee on a porcelain white background -- has become the talisman of a new generation of activists as an unprecedented wave of disgust and anger with establishment figures has swept the world . While the mask has been spotted in Occupy protests from Oakland to Hong Kong in the past month as people rally against what they perceive as growing corporate greed and rising social inequality , the mask was first embraced by international hacker ring Anonymous in 2008 . The group of hackers , notorious for their online attacks on high profile banks and government agencies , first wore the masks to conceal their identities in public protests against the Church of Scientology in 2008 . Wikileaks founder Julian Assange recently wore one to a rally at St. Paul 's Cathedral in London , where Occupy protesters and members of Anonymous have been camping in tents since the demonstration began three weeks ago . Malcolm , a 44-year-old Anonymous member and camper , says the mask has become "  an international symbol for rebellion and anonymity . " "  The point of wearing the mask is to be able to go to a protest without fear of retribution or aggression from the establishment , " he said , his mask perched on the crown of his head . "  I have no problem with anyone having my identity , but I like the fact I can choose not to . " Joshua Whitfield , 19 , is a fan of the Vendetta books but says it does n't matter why people choose to wear it . "  Some people wear it to make a fashion statement , others because they know what it 's about , " he said . "  I thought I would show my support for the book and for Anonymous by picking up a mask and being part of the movement . " The popularity of the mask -- an estimated 100,000 were sold last year -- has created a bit of a conundrum for activists who are trying to undermine , not support , businesses owned by the establishment . Time Warner  which also owns CNN  owns the rights to the masks , meaning every mask sold puts more money , albeit a small amount , into the corporation 's coffers . Rather than continue to give money to a company they say they do n't support , activists are now having their own replica masks mass-produced and shipped in from Asia , according to several Anonymous members . Rather than buy an officially licensed mask at a shop in central London , Whitfield said he was able to purchase his mask from an Anonymous member for # 3  $ 4.80  . "  We do n't really want people putting money into corporate pockets , and this is one of our solutions , " explained Anonymous 's Malcolm . In the four centuries since Fawkes was sentenced to death -- by the brutal punishment of being hung , then drawn and quartered -- for his treason , there has been much debate in Britain over whether he was a terrorist or a freedom fighter . Ironically Fawkes , far from being the anti-establishment hero he has come to be seen as in the years since his death , was a monarchist who merely wanted to replace the Protestant king with a Catholic queen . He lived in an age when Europe was split along religious lines , and in England , any sign of allegiance to the pope and Rome could result in imprisonment or even death  indeed , under the later 1701 Act of Settlement , no Roman Catholic or anyone married to a Catholic could be crowned king or queen , a law whose repeal was announced last week  . But it is perhaps Fawkes ' "  man of action " persona that most intrigues anti-establishment activists today , and Malcolm is quick to repeat the age-old adage about Fawkes . "  As they say -- Guy Fawkes was the only man ever to enter Parliament with honest intentions , " he said with a grin .	Masks popularized by "  V for Vendetta " film worn by protesters worldwide Guy Fawkes sentenced to death for trying to blow up Parliament in 1605 Mask is international symbol for rebellion and anonymity , says Anonymous protester Masked march on Parliament in London planned for Guy Fawkes Night on Saturday
CNN  -- Colombia 's main leftist rebel group shot and killed four hostages held for more than a decade , President Juan Manuel Santos said Saturday , vowing to fight the rebels with everything in reach . A fifth hostage , a policeman , was found alive , Defense Minister Juan Carlos Pinzon told reporters . "  This is yet another example of how brutal and cruel the FARC is . ... When faced with security forces , they  the rebels  had no qualms about killing them in cold blood , " Santos said . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as FARC , has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the guerrilla group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . Chains were found near the bodies of the four hostages , who were kidnapped "  more than 12 or 13 years " ago , Santos said . The president called the killings a "  crime against humanity " and swore their only effect would be to make police and soldiers more determined to fight "  with everything in reach . " The bodies of the four men , all of whom were security force members , were found in the morning , according to Pinzon . They were executed in the southern region of Caqueta , where the military was conducting operations against the rebel group , he said . Three of the hostages were shot in the head , while the fourth was shot in the back , the defense minister said . The fifth hostage , identified as Luis Alberto Erazo , had been held for roughly 12 years , Pinzon said . He reportedly ran from the rebel camp at the start of a firefight between rebels and Colombian troops . His condition is "  acceptable , " Pinzon said . Earlier this month , a military operation killed then-FARC leader Alfonso Cano . Following his death , the FARC released a statement in which its leaders said they would not end their guerrilla struggle .	NEW : A fifth hostage is found alive , Colombia 's defense minister says NEW : President Juan Manuel Santos calls the killings a "  crime against humanity " The victims were reportedly shot in the head and the back A military operation earlier this month killed former FARC head Alfonso Cano
CNN  -- Monday 's 2009 Major League Baseball home opener for the New York Mets at their new ballpark promises to reignite controversy -- and not just over the team 's suspect pitching . Some Mets fans feel the $ 400 million stadium-name deal is a bad one for all parties in these economic times . Though the Mets played exhibition games there earlier this month , they will officially debut their new home , Citi Field , against the visiting San Diego Padres . The $ 800 million-plus Queens facility is undoubtedly a state-of-the-art baseball complex with many modern upgrades from the Mets ' home for the past 44 years , Shea Stadium , which is still in the process of being demolished a few hundreds yards away . One lifelong Mets fan summed up his emotions about saying goodbye to Shea and hello to Citi by saying : "  It was time for a new stadium , but I 'm going to miss Shea very much . " The controversy arises not from the disappearance of the venerated old stadium but from the fact that rather than attach the iconic Shea name to the new ballpark , in November 2006 the Mets entered into an agreement with Citigroup for naming rights for the new stadium . Reports have put the value of the deal at $ 400 million spread out in payments of $ 20 million per year over the course of the next 20 years . That would make it one of the most lucrative stadium naming arrangements in history . According to the Mets , besides the naming rights for Citi Field , "  The fully integrated partnership includes Citi brand and business unit presence throughout the new ballpark . " While other corporations have invested in similar deals in the past , the financial crisis has focused particular attention on Citigroup , the Mets , and the practice of paying vast sums of money for what is essentially a long-term advertisement . Citigroup , which now does business as Citi , has been the recipient of billions of dollars in taxpayer-funded bailout money over the past year , causing many to question the prudence of $ 400 million going toward branding Citi Field , especially when Citigroup cut nearly 75,000 jobs in 2008 , capped by 50,000 announced in November . Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich , D-Ohio , has been an outspoken critic of the deal . He has called attention to the issue of corporate spending discretion , or lack thereof , particularly when jobs are at risk . "  At the same time they 're defending this $ 400 million stadium-naming deal , they lay off 50,000 people . Now , how many people could you employ for $ 400 million ? " The Mets claim that the construction of Citi Field created more than 6,000 temporary full-time equivalent jobs , with approximately 1,000 new positions resulting from ongoing operations at the ballpark . One person whose job is n't at risk is Mets all-star third baseman David Wright . One of the franchise 's most popular and marketable players , Wright is careful not to make any "  errors " when confronted with the controversy surrounding his new Citi Field home . "  I do n't comment on things that I do n't know about . I 'm a baseball player , so I go out there and worry about my swing , " he said . Watch fans give views on Citi Field name game " Kucinich conceded that paying to name a stadium is indeed "  great advertising except for one thing , the American taxpayers have invested heavily in these banks and the bailout fund should not be used for this purpose . " He advocates that the government , now a direct investor in Citigroup , has the obligation to monitor all aspects of how federal bailout funds are used , which in Kucinich 's opinion includes any marketing or promotional endeavors . Not all Mets fans agree . One ardent fan said he 's happy his hard-earned tax dollars are going to help fund the Mets ' new stadium . "  A lot of people pay for advertisements every day . We should n't be ashamed of it . Taxpayer money goes to waste on a lot of other things . Let 's go Mets , I say ! " But another fan said , "  If it is indeed our tax money that is actually running the stadium , I wish that I would n't have to pay as much money to go see a game . " A group of fellow fans , many liking the sound of a "  Mets rebate " in these troubling economic times , warmly greeted his idea before an exhibition game against Boston on April 3 . David Wright and the rest of the New York Mets , along with 42,000 boisterous fans , will formally open the new ballpark when the first regular-season game there begins at 7 p.m. Monday .	Mets struck deal in 2006 with firm for naming stadium . Price : $ 400 million Amid economic climate , some baseball fans have mixed feelings about Citi Field Rep. Dennis Kucinich : ` How many people could -LSB- Citi -RSB- employ for $ 400 million ? '
CNN  The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists , the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan , was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January . Marwan , whose real name is Zulkifli bin Hir , was believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah 's central command . The FBI said in February that a DNA sample -- understood to be from a severed finger -- taken from a man killed in a raid in the southern Philippines showed a link with a known relative of Marwan . But the FBI now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted Islamic extremist . "  After a thorough review of forensic data and information obtained from our Philippine law enforcement partners , the FBI has assessed that terrorism subject , Zulkifli Abdhir ... is deceased and has been removed from the FBI 's list of Most Wanted Terrorists , " David Bowdich , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Los Angeles field office , told CNN in a statement . The FBI had been offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to Marwan 's capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a California court . It accused him of being a supplier of IEDs to terrorist organizations , and having conducted bomb making training for terror groups , including the Philippines-based Abu Sayyaf . Marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by Philippine security forces in 2012 . The Philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim south for years , and last year signed a peace agreement with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  , the largest rebel group in the region . But in January it launched a surprise raid in pursuit of Marwan at Mamapasono , in the southern province of Maguindanao . The mission went disastrously awry . Forty-four members of the police 's elite Special Action Force  SAF  unit were killed in the assault , targeting an area controlled by the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters  BIFF  -- a hardline splinter group which has rejected the peace deal with the Philippines government . According to a report released by the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict  IPAC  last month , the BIFF faction sheltering Marwan had sworn allegiance to ISIS . In the immediate aftermath of the assault , the SAF company charged with executing Marwan came under fire , before another SAF company stationed in nearby MILF territory as a "  blocking force " became engaged in an eight-hour firefight with MILF fighters . According to the IPAC report , the SAF "  blocking " company eventually ran out of ammunition and only one of their number survived , Eighteen MILF fighters were killed and a number of BIFF fighters may also died . The clash shattered a three-year ceasefire with the MILF , authorities said . A national day of mourning was declared as the men were laid to rest . Bowdich expressed the FBI 's "  sincere condolences to the brave officers of the Special Action Force who lost their lives while attempting to apprehend this dangerous fugitive . " While an SAF superintendent said at a eulogy for the fallen commandos that their sacrifice had been worth it , controversy has dogged the botched mission in the Philippines . The IPAC report argued that the "  single-minded focus " of authorities on killing Marwan has threatened the peace agreement with the MILF , which is yet to cross the final hurdle of being passed into law by the Philippines Congress . "  The best chance the southern Philippines has ever had for peace may now be in jeopardy , " read the report , which argued that the Mamapasano fiasco was the result of a misguided emphasis on killing Marwan . The report argued that , although Marwan had aided terror attacks and provided funds and equipment to MILF and Abu Sayyaf , he was not "  the master bomber that his reputation suggested . " Yet for the Philippines authorities and their U.S. allies , killing Marwan had become such a priority that security forces bypassed the mechanisms that had been established to alert the MILF to such operations , for fear of word leaking to their target . The report quoted an anonymous Indonesian associate of Marwan 's who described the Malaysian as "  a little snake who has been blown up into a dragon . " READ MORE : Dozens of Philippine police killed in raid on ` high value ' bomb makers READ MORE : Philippines honors 44 slain commandos with day of mourning CNN 's Arlene Samson-Espiritu and Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	A man killed in a raid in the Philippines in January was a "  most wanted " terrorist , the FBI says Marwan was a Malaysian believed to have provided support to Islamist terror groups 44 elite Philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last month
CNN  -- Videos posted online show tanks in Syrian streets , scrambling crowds and the menacing sounds of sniper fire . On the other side of the world , Syrian-Americans say they are watching in anguish , haunted by what they see and hear . "  You hear people screaming for help , and you can identify the accent , " said Yaser Tabbara , a 35-year-old attorney in Chicago who was raised in Syria 's capital , Damascus . "  It 's been very traumatizing for me and my family to see all these things , " he said . "  To see all of that , and to know that you can do very little about it from outside Syria , is a very demoralizing and frustrating position to be in . " Word of a brutal crackdown by government security forces began to trickle out soon after anti-government protests began in mid-March . Since then , human rights groups say more than 775 people have been killed . CNN has not been granted access into Syria and is unable to independently verify those claims , videos posted online or witness accounts . Syrian-Americans say they also struggle to find out what 's happening , frantically searching for news online and calling family and friends in Syria . "  They 're too scared . ... They do n't say anything on the phone . You really ca n't . Phones are monitored . Everything 's monitored , " said Mohammed , an American of Syrian descent who lives in the Chicago area . He asked that his last name not be used , fearing his extended family in Aleppo , Syria 's second largest city , could face repercussions . "  There 's a sense of helplessness . We try to bring the attention of the international community to what 's going on . That 's the only thing Syrian-Americans can do to deal with the problem , " said Mohamed T. Khairullah . The 35-year-old mayor of Prospect Park , New Jersey , wrote an op-ed in his local newspaper , criticizing the "  violent repression " of Syrian President Bashar al-Ashad 's regime . In Syria , he wrote , people ca n't speak out at government meetings or write letters to the editor . "  The only thing they can do now is protest peacefully . That protest is being documented via social media for the world to see the atrocities of the Syrian forces , " he wrote . Khairullah said the news has sharply divided the large Arab community in the area where he lives , and many people are still struggling to understand the situation . "  People do n't know whether to go with or against  the government  , and they do n't know what the future might hold , " he said . The members of the Syrian American Club in Washington are also split , according to Munif Atassi , the social club 's president . "  I 've seen people on either side , and I 've seen people in the middle . The majority of people are right in the middle , praying for the conflict to end , " said Atassi , 57 . Friends and family he 's spoken with in Syria also have divergent opinions , he said . "  Frankly , they do n't know what to believe anymore . ... The people I talk to , they believe that there is propaganda and lying coming from both sides , " he said . For weeks , it seemed the world 's attention was focused elsewhere , said Hosam Hamadah , 47 , of Houston . When he could n't find enough information about the situation in news reports , the small-business owner said he turned to online social networks . Now Hamadah is glued to Facebook , searching for updates and posting videos of the violence that he receives from acquaintances in Syria . Even from thousands of miles away , deciding to speak out about the situation was difficult , he said . "  It took me a while before I made up my mind . Then I realized , if I do n't do this and the next guy wo n't do this , nobody 's going to say anything , " he said . "  Somebody has to say something . Me and my family , we 're not better than the people that are getting killed in the streets . "	"  It 's a very demoralizing and frustrating position to be in , " one Syrian-American says The Syrian-American mayor of a New Jersey town says the news divides the community Some say they are speaking out about the violence , since their family in Syria ca n't "  We 're not better than the people that are getting killed in the streets , " a man says
CNN  -- Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she 's not seeking the White House . "  I 'm not running for president and I plan to serve out my term , " Warren , who 's up for reelection in 2018 , said in December . But she sure is acting like a potential 2016 contender . She 's traveling around the country , introducing herself to voters , testing her message -- the sort of thing that candidates do . That 's what former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is doing on her book tour . Sen. Rand Paul is on his ideas tour and Gov. Chris Christie is raising money for Republican governors . And like Clinton , Warren now has an organized group supporting her and encouraging her to run . Ready for Warren also has a petition as well as a Facebook campaign and a Twitter feed to rally support . While Warren , a first-term senator and champion of the left , is becoming acquainted with a wider swath of Democratic voters , Republicans are taking notice , being proactive and preparing for a potential candidacy . Republican National Committee spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski said her organization has started to "  build a narrative on her " in order to define her to voters before she can do that herself . "  She appears to be seriously looking at a 2016 White House run and we 're going to treat her as a contender , " Kukowski said . Warren 's schedule has ramped up as the campaign season has . She has raised $ 2.6 million for Senate and gubernatorial candidates this cycle , according to her office . Since March , the former Harvard law professor has campaigned in Ohio , Oregon , and Minnesota for liberal colleagues who fall mostly in line with her ideology of increasing the minimum wage , decreasing the student loan burden , reforming mortgages and attacking Wall Street . Going where few liberals will go Warren catapulted onto the national scene during the financial crisis as a consumer advocate . Republican opposition kept her from running the agency created around her cause , the Consumer Federal Protection Bureau . But her popularity among the left helped her win the Massachusetts Senate seat in 2012 . But Warren has also gone where many liberals wo n't -- to the most conservative states in the country . She campaigned for Senate Democratic candidates Alison Lundergan Grimes in Kentucky and Natalie Tennant in West Virginia . Elizabeth Warren bashes Wall Street in West Virginia "  Natalie Tennant and I do not agree on everything , " Warren said Monday at a rally for Tennant in West Virginia . "  But on the core issues , on the issues that are about our values , on the issues that define us as human beings , Natalie and I agree . Our job is to fight for the families of America . That is our job . " Republicans , meanwhile , were quick to attack her and her message . The RNC called Warren 's visit to West Virginia "  one of the more bizarre campaign moves of 2014 " because Warren 's "  far left agenda " wo n't sit well with West Virginians . In the Warren playbook , it 's not so bizarre . In the red states of West Virginia and Kentucky , which voted for President Barack Obama 36 % and 38 % , respectively , and where the candidates are running away from the President , the arguably more liberal Warren received an exceptional reception . A "  long line " waited to see her in Kentucky and a crowd of nearly 400 enthusiastically welcomed her in West Virginia . ` She represents and speaks for so many in our party ' Democratic strategist Donna Brazile called Warren "  a perfect surrogate " this campaign season for areas in which Obama is too divisive to enter . "  Warren has captured not only the spirit of the Democrats this political cycle but she represents and speaks for so many in our party , " Brazile said . Warren 's name comes up even when she 's not in the room . At the Texas Democratic Party 's convention in June , Rep. Joaquin Castro told the crowd that he wishes Texas could "  trade Ted Cruz to Massachusetts for Elizabeth Warren . " As Warren 's reception has been strong , she has modified her response since her emphatic December statement that she is not running for president . In an interview with Huff Post Live in June , Warren dodged answering the question , instead saying , "  This is a moment in time for our country and , I believe , for our world , a moment in time where we decide who we are as a people and what kind of a future we 're going to build . " In the latest national polling , Warren trails far behind fellow potential contender Hillary Clinton . But with 11 % support among Democrats , according to a July Quinnipiac Poll , she is in second place . Republicans think she 's ambitious . "  Contrary to saying it publicly , she appears to be aiming for higher office , " Republican strategist Brian Walsh said . Tim Miller , the executive director of American Rising , which gathers opposition research against Democratic candidates , said Warren 's aggressive campaigning has gotten his group engaged . "  If Warren does decide to start leaning forward , we 're certainly going to be prepared to combat that , " Miller said . Already , the GOP have attacked her not only for campaigning in conservatives states but also independently as well . For instance , in an effort to highlight government spending , the group said Warren 's "  brainchild , " the Consumer Federal Protection Bureau , which was created during the financial crisis to protect consumers ' financial interests , cost more to build than Trump Towers . ` Headed to more friendly territory ' But as she is finding a receptive audience wherever she goes , Warren 's campaigning is not going to let up . From the conservative confines of West Virginia , her next stop is in more comfortable territory . She heads to Michigan at the end of this week to raise money and campaign with Senate candidate Gary Peters and will also be the star of the liberal grassroots conference Netroots Nation . Walsh said her strategy to go into conservative states where she might receive a bold reception from some in the Democratic base , the more moderate or conservative voters will be turned off . While he questioned her strategy , calling it "  odd , " Walsh tried to stir the pot among Democrats . "  If you 're Hillary Clinton 's people , you 're looking at how sincere her words were " that she 's not running for President . Elizabeth Warren : What happened to the middle class ? CNN 's Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	NEW : Supporters launched Ready for Warren to encourage a run She said she 's not running for president She campaigned in nearly half a dozen states so far this year for other candidates Republicans are treating her as a potential candidate
CNN  -- Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback apologized Monday for what he called his staff 's "  overreaction " to a disparaging tweet directed at him by a high school senior during a state Capitol visit . Emma Sullivan , 18 , said late Sunday that a Brownback staffer had notified her school 's principal about the tweet , and the principal told her she had to write an apology to the governor . On Monday -- the deadline for the letter , according to the teen -- the Shawnee Mission School District issued a statement stating that "  she is not required to write a letter of apology to the governor . " A statement issued by Brownback on Monday did not reference Sullivan by name or mention the prospect of any apology letter . He did emphasize his support for "  freedom of speech , " while thanking "  the thousands of Kansas educators who remind us daily of our liberties , as well as the values of civility and decorum . " "  My staff overreacted to this tweet , and for that I apologize , " the governor said . "  Freedom of speech is among our most treasured freedoms . " KSHB : School district responds The teen made national headlines last week for a tweet she said was intended just for her friends . During a Kansas Youth in Government field trip to the state Capitol on November 21 , Sullivan wrote : "  Just made mean comments at gov brownback and told him he sucked , in person #heblowsalot . " The Shawnee Mission East senior said she did not actually talk to Brownback , and the post referenced a joke she had with a student on the trip . The next day , she was called into high school Principal Karl Krawitz 's office . "  I had no idea what it was about or why I was being called into the office , " she said . "  I had never been in trouble before . " Sullivan claimed that the principal "  told me he needed to do damage control and was really upset . " Opinion : The girl who dared tweet Gov. Brownback "  He said I was an embarrassment to the school and the school district and that I had been disrespectful , " she added . The principal then asked her to write a letter of apology to Brownback and his staff . He set Monday as the due date for the letter . CNN contacted Krawitz 's office but received no response . Sullivan said Sunday night -- when she still thought the apology letter was due -- that she would n't write it , adding that her parents and many of her peers supported her decision . "  I do n't think I should write the letter , and I do n't think it would be the best move for me , " she said . "  At this time , I do not think an apology would be a sincere thing for me to do . " But that appeared to become a moot point when "  district officials " in Shawnee Mission reviewed the case and asserted Monday that no apology was required and that no "  further action " is expected on the issue . "  The district acknowledges a student 's right to freedom of speech and expression is constitutionally protected , " the district said in its statement . "  The district has not censored Miss Sullivan nor infringed upon her freedom of speech . " Sullivan said she had not heard from the governor 's office directly . But , following the media attention , her Twitter follower count has rocketed from 65 to more than 4,000 . "  I hope that the governor realizes the power of the people and how people can make things happen , " she said . "  I also hope he will spend his time doing more productive things . " At the least , the student said that she hopes the controversy surrounding her tweet will bring attention to the issue of free speech . "  I hope there wo n't be any consequences and that my principal and the governor 's office can move on , " she said . "  The issue is relevant and , if anything , is a starting point of dialog with the governor about his policies and how our First Amendment rights can be taken away . " The school district likewise framed the matter as something that could be educational . "  The issue has resulted in many teachable moments concerning the use of social media , " the district said .	NEW : School district officials say no apology is required ; "  no further action " upcoming Gov. Brownback says he respects educators teaching about "  liberties " and "  decorum " The teen wrote she "  made mean comments " at Brownback , later saying this did n't happen She says Brownback 's office called school about the tweet , which was meant for friends
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius faced another day of relentless cross-examination Friday as the prosecution challenged his account of the killing of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel has accused the athlete of hiding the truth about the death of Steenkamp , whom he shot last year through a closed toilet door in his home in Pretoria , South Africa . His questions again sought to undermine Pistorius ' reliability and credibility and to portray the Olympic athlete as someone who was inventing his version of events and "  tailoring " evidence to suit his story . As Nel turned once again to the early hours of Valentine 's Day 2013 , he repeatedly challenged Pistorius over his actions in the moments leading up to Steenkamp 's death . The prosecution 's argument is that Pistorius shot Steenkamp intentionally after a heated argument . Pistorius does not deny shooting her but insists that he mistook her for an intruder . Pistorius said he thought he heard the toilet door opening before he fired . "  I did n't intend to shoot . My firearm was pointed at the door because that 's where I believed that somebody was , " he said . "  When I heard a noise , I did n't have to think , and I fired -- I fired my weapon . It was an accident . " Nel , known in South African legal circles for his bulldog-like approach to cross-examination , responded to Pistorius ' testimony almost with scorn . "  Your version is so improbable that nobody would ever think that it was reasonably , possibly true , " he said . Nel then hammered Pistorius on whether he had known Steenkamp was in the toilet when he fired . "  You knew Reeva was behind the door , and you shot at her , " Nel said more than once . "  That 's not true , " Pistorius replied in a low tone . That dramatic moment was when Nel asked for the trial to be adjourned until Monday morning . Prosecutor : You wanted to shoot Pistorius earlier denied being "  ready to shoot " as he made his way to the bathroom where he says he heard what he thought was an intruder . But he agreed that he had taken off the safety catch so he could fire if needed . "  I did n't want to take anybody 's life . I screamed for the intruders to get out of my home , " he said . "  You wanted to shoot , " contended Nel , who on Thursday sought to build a picture of Pistorius as an arrogant hothead who is reckless with guns . Pistorius replied that there is a "  massive difference " between being ready for something and wanting to do it . Asked by the prosecutor why he approached the apparent threat rather than seeking to move out of harm 's way , the athlete said it was his in his nature to respond that way . "  I wanted to put myself between the perceived danger and Reeva , " he said . "  I wish I did all these other things put to me . " Nel also argued that it was "  not possible " that Steenkamp would not have responded when Pistorius screamed to her about what he thought was an intruder in the house , as he has said happened . Steenkamp was only 3 meters from Pistorius at the time , behind the toilet door , the prosecutor said . "  She would 've been terrified , but I do n't think that would 've led her to call out , " Pistorius said , arguing that Steenkamp would have assumed the danger was getting closer . "  She was n't scared of anything except you . She was n't scared of an intruder . She was scared of you , " replied Nel . The prosecutor also pressed Pistorius over whether he heard a woman screaming during the shots he fired , as some witnesses have said they heard . Pistorius said he did not . Pistorius : I was fixated on the threat As Nel went through the events leading up to the point of the shooting , Pistorius said that after getting up to close a balcony door and move fans inside , he heard the bathroom window sliding open and slamming into the frame . Nel repeatedly asked him why he had n't at that point asked Steenkamp whether she too had heard the noise . Pistorius replied that he did n't because he was sure about what he had heard . He said he whispered to Steenkamp to get down and call police . Nel asked whether he had waited for a response , as he said would have been reasonable , pointing out that his ex-girlfriend Samantha Taylor had testified he had done that on a previous occasion when he 'd heard a noise . "  I never waited for a response . ... My whole body was fixated on the threat , " Pistorius answered . Nel 's questions then focused on the position of certain items in the bedroom , including a duvet , the fans and a pair of jeans , all of which Pistorius says were moved by police . Nel sought to argue that they do not support Pistorius ' version of events . At one point , the judge reprimanded Nel for calling Pistorius a liar and told him to mind his language . More than once , Nel suggested that Pistorius had difficulty remembering what happened because he had made things up . Pistorius became emotional as the cross-examination continued , prompting Nel to ask him why . "  This is the night I lost the person that I cared about . I do n't know why people do n't understand that , " Pistorius responded . As he broke down in tears , the judge ordered a short break to allow him time to gather himself . Nel has previously accused Pistorius of becoming emotional when the questions get difficult . Pistorius quizzed about mistakes During cross-examination earlier Friday , Pistorius made mistakes in answering questions about repair work and his alarm system . He attributed the mistakes to fatigue , prompting Nel to ask whether he was too tired to continue in the stand . Pistorius , becoming emotional , replied , "  I do n't need time . I am tired ; that 's not going to change . " "  With respect , Mr. Pistorius , I 'm not convinced . ... I think you 're trying to cover up for lies , " Nel said . After Judge Thokozile Masipa pressed Pistorius on the question , the athlete said he was n't making mistakes because he was tired -- prompting Nel to ask why , in that case , he was making mistakes . A little later , Nel made a mistake while questioning Pistorius , who pointed it out . The prosecutor said Pistorius was n't too tired to highlight the mistakes the prosecutor himself was making in his questioning . Nel also focused on security on the gated Silverwoods estate where Pistorius lived , pointing out that despite his claimed fear of burglary , the athlete left his cars outside and had not immediately fixed a broken window in his house . Pistorius ' message exchanges with Steenkamp A day earlier , the athlete denied that he acted selfishly toward Steenkamp . In a bid to paint their relationship as rocky , he ripped apart message exchanges between the couple Thursday . Nel also sought to paint him as selfish and demanded to know why the athlete did not respond to his girlfriend 's declaration of love . But Pistorius said he preferred to talk to his girlfriend over the phone rather than messaging . He acknowledged he never got a chance to tell her that he loved her . "  Because it was all about Mr. Pistorius , " Nel said . The runner has admitted to the killing but said he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder in the bathroom when he fired through the toilet door and killed her . The prosecution alleges that Pistorius killed his girlfriend after they argued . Several witnesses have testified to hearing a man 's shouts coming from the house , although they have also spoken of the terrified screams of a woman leading up to and during a volley of shots . The trial has gripped South Africa , where Pistorius is considered a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . His disabled lower legs were amputated when he was a baby , but he went on to achieve global fame as the "  Blade Runner , " winning numerous Paralympic gold medals on the steel blades fitted to his prostheses . Only those in the courtroom can see Pistorius because he has chosen not to testify on camera . His testimony can be heard on an audio feed . The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius denies knowing that Reeva Steenkamp was behind door when he fired The court is adjourned until Monday at the prosecutor 's request Prosecutor Gerrie Nel questions why Pistorius did n't ask his girlfriend about noise The prosecution is trying to prove beyond reasonable doubt Pistorius killed her intentionally
CNN  -- Before there was a "  Man of Steel , " there was the story of his ancestors and his home planet . Syfy is developing "  Krypton , " a prequel origin series that will tell the story of Superman 's grandfather . According to The Hollywood Reporter , the drama will focus on his grandfather 's fight to bring equality to the planet . The network is said to be working with David S. Goyer , the scribe behind the "  Man of Steel " film as well as Christopher Nolan 's Dark Knight trilogy . It 's just the latest comic book-to-television project , joining Fox 's "  Gotham , " CW 's "  The Flash " and "  Arrow , " and the upcoming "  Titans " from TNT and "  Supergirl " from CBS .  TNT is owned by the parent company of CNN . The news was met with mixed reaction on the Web . "  A prequel . From the writer of MAN OF STEEL . On Syfy . Wow . #Krypton manages all three strikes with just its announcement , " tweeted one fan , while another noted , "  Rather than do a full series , SyFy should do a TV movie or miniseries version of #Krypton first . Then see if it 's worth doing more stories . " Though fans may be skeptical , The Hollywood Reporter points out that Goyer , who conceived the "  Krypton " story with "  Once Upon a Time 's " Ian Goldberg , is force behind plenty of projects fanboys and girls are familiar with . "  For Goyer , ` Krypton ' will mark his third series on the air joining ` Constantine ' and Starz 's ` Da Vinci 's Demons , ' " the publication notes . "  The longtime comics fan counts scores of fanboy favorites among his credits , including ` The Dark Knight ' trilogy and the upcoming ` Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice . ' " Warner Horizon Television and DC Comics are working together on the project .	"  Krypton " will focus on Superman 's grandfather The network is working with "  Man of Steel " writer David S. Goyer Other comic-to-TV projects have met with success
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Jordan 's King Hussein sent a secret message to President Richard Nixon in 1970 pleading with him to attack Syria , according to declassified documents released Wednesday by the former president 's library . President Nixon works at his desk in the Oval Office in a June 1972 photograph . The papers are among about 10,000 documents released by the Nixon Presidential Library , some of which offer harbingers of present-day events , such as concerns about terrorism and Saudi Arabia . Library director Timothy Naftali said the documents describe challenges such as how to get the Saudis more involved in solving the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , how to get them more engaged against terrorism , how to address the Arab view that the United States always sides with Israel and how to build up moderate Palestinians to counter extremists . A 1973 diplomatic cable cites this objective : "  isolate and undermine terrorisms -LSB- sic -RSB- and commandos -LSB- sic -RSB- by establishing another , more stable and respectable Palestinian political entity and political personality . " Documents detail U.S. efforts to persuade Saudi Arabia to move away from Fatah , the military wing of the Palestine Liberation Organization , because U.S. officials believed the PLO was supporting the terrorist-linked , anti-Israel group Black September , referred to as BSO . The document , a U.S. State Department telegram from the embassy in Jeddah to Washington reads , "  BSO and Fatah -LSB- are -RSB- now linked together in vicious effort to create chaos and uncertainty . One might wonder whether central objective BSO conspiracy was not to erase any slight progress toward Middle East peace . " The document release was intended to coincide with Mideast peace summit among Palestinian , Israeli and other Mideast leaders in Maryland , Naftali said . The Nixon White House also was adjusting to Israel 's acquisition of a nuclear weapon . "  We are declassifying the records today that laid the basis for Richard Nixon 's decision in 1969 to accept the fact , a fact of life , that Israel had a bomb , a nuclear device , " said Naftali . "  That , of course , is very important with what 's going on in Annapolis . " "  Even though it is clear from the documents that the United States government did not encourage Israel to acquire a nuclear deterrent , it became a fact of life , " Naftali said . "  There are materials here that show how our government , 30 years ago , dealt with this very , very difficult problem . " Rather than openly declare itself as a nuclear power , Israel still maintains a strategic ambiguity over its nuclear weapons capability . In 1970 , as King Hussein dealt with threats by both Palestinian refugees in his country and Syrian military forces crossing Jordan 's border , the king asked "  the United States and Great Britain to intervene in the war in Jordan , asking the United States , in fact , to attack Syria , " Naftali said . "  Syria had invaded Jordan and the Jordanian king , facing what he felt was a military rout , said please help us in any way possible . " The telegram indicates that Hussein himself called a U.S. official at 3 a.m. to ask for American or British help . "  Situation deteriorating dangerously following Syrian massive invasion ... , " the document said . "  I request immediate physical intervention both land and air ... to safeguard sovereignty , territorial integrity and independence of Jordan . Immediate air strikes on invading forces from any quarter plus air cover are imperative . " The library has withheld the Nixon documents from public access until Wednesday and have been reviewed for release and/or declassified , Naftali said . Nixon served as president from January 20 , 1969 , to August 9 , 1974 , when he resigned under political pressure during the Watergate scandal -- the only U.S. president to do so . He died in 1994 after suffering a stroke at the age of 81 . E-mail to a friend	Telegram : King Hussein wanted U.S. strike on invading Syrian troops in 1970 Nixon White House urged Saudis to distance from PLO 's Fatah organization Papers also discuss Israeli acquisition of nuclear weapon Documents among 10,000 papers released Wednesday by Nixon Library
New York  CNN  -- Certain groups of die-hard fans are protective of the characters they hold on a pedestal . "  Star Trek " has its Trekkies and "  Star Wars " has the Jedi religion . Sherlock Holmes has the Sherlockians , scholars of the canon of books and short stories written by author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . Many Sherlockians are members of the invitation-only literary society , The Baker Street Irregulars . Group members have historically been critical of on-screen adaptations of their beloved consulting detective and his faithful sidekick , Dr. John Watson . While they , by nature of their adoration , saw flaws in the Guy Ritchie "  Sherlock Holmes , " which opened in theaters Friday , the consensus among these experts was that the film is a fun -- and even occasionally faithful -- romp through Sherlock lore that the author himself would have enjoyed . "  I liked it a lot more than I thought I would , " said Andrew Peck , a United States magistrate judge . "  What I particularly liked was the Holmes-Watson relationship . The movie really showed Watson as a trusted companion to Holmes , coming to Holmes ' aid in times of need . The Watson of the books is a military man who played rugby and sports in college . He is tough . He is observant on his own and Holmes wants him around , not as a bumbling fool but as a trusted aide . " Watson has historically been portrayed in films as a bumbling sidekick , most famously by British actor Nigel Bruce in a series of films from the 1940s . But director Ritchie 's imagining of Watson is as the quick-footed , sharpshooting contemporary of Holmes , with a rapier-sharp wit that can match the detective in the tongue-lashing department . "  The movie did an excellent job in portraying the relationship between the two . The actors work well together , as did Holmes and Watson . The movie shows Watson as intelligent , able to be a good assistant ; Watson , the doctor , concerned about his friend 's well-being ; and it shows his reasonable frustration with his friend 's often thoughtless ways , " said Julia Carlson Rosenblatt , a Baker Street Irregular since 1981 and co-author of "  Dining With Sherlock Holmes . " Doubleday editor Christopher Morley founded the Irregulars in 1934 . The group has included mystery writers Rex Stout and Anthony Boucher and science fiction writer Isaac Asimov . Honorary members have included presidents Harry S. Truman and Franklin Delano Roosevelt . The plot of the new Sherlock Holmes movie , starring Robert Downey Jr. , as Holmes and Jude Law as Watson , is n't based on an actual Conan Doyle story . The action centers on ritualistic murders and black magic , all leading to a case that has all of London in danger . Peck saw "  Sherlock Holmes " at an early screening of the film on Tuesday in New York with a dozen other Sherlockians . Peck has been a member of the Baker Street Irregulars for 37 years , but has been a lover of the Holmes detective stories since he was in junior high . "  Certain lines of dialogue were lifted the from the books , which we as Sherlockians enjoyed . They got laughs from the 13 folks in the theater who were familiar with the stories , while everyone else was quiet . Other than that , it was all made up except for bringing in certain character names and the supporting characters , " Peck noted . Because they are so familiar with the entire canon of four novels and 56 short stories written by Conan Doyle , Sherlockians naturally nitpicked some minor details . For instance , in this film , Watson introduces his fiancee , Mary Morstan , to Holmes for the first time . "  But we know Watson met Mary Morstan because she came to Holmes for help in ` The Sign of Four . ' Holmes already knew her , " Peck explained . And Holmes ' love interest in the film , Irene Adler , the con woman played by Rachel McAdams , was in only one of Conan Doyle 's stories , "  A Scandal in Bohemia . " "  While she was called an adventuress in the story , she was not a criminal by any means , as she is portrayed in this movie , " Peck said . Conan Doyle himself would have appreciated the newest on-screen display of his hero , says Albert Rosenblatt , a Baker Street Irregular and retired appeals court judge . "  Conan Doyle was not without a sense of humor and might have been amused by this film . He did n't care enough about Holmes to insist on canonical accuracy , " Rosenblatt said . "  When William Gillette , working on a Holmes play , asked Doyle if it was OK for Holmes to marry , Doyle is said to have replied , ` You may marry him , or murder him , or do anything you like to him . ' "  So if this portrayal is a combination of Holmes , James Bond , Indiana Jones and Spider-Man , " he added , "  it just rolls along with the times and with the current film genre dominated by brilliant , spectacular special effects , explosions , violence , and more explosions . "	Sherlockians are serious Holmes fans ; many belong to The Baker Street Irregulars Consensus by experts is that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle would have enjoyed new film Sherlockians nitpicked some film details because they 're so familiar with the books "  The actors work well together , as did Holmes and Watson , " one Sherlockian says
CNN  -- New York police officer Gilberto Valle conspired to kidnap women , who prosecutors argued he planned to rape , torture , cook and eat , a federal jury decided Tuesday . Valle 's lawyers argued the former police officer 's e-mails and online postings were just "  fantasy role-play " and " dark improv theater , " but prosecutors said he was "  deadly serious . " Valle , 28 , faces life in prison for the kidnap conspiracy conviction . He was also found guilty of illegally accessing a federal law enforcement database . The database , which Valle was trained to use and had access to as a cop , helped him research potential victims , prosecutors said . No one was ever kidnapped or eaten , but the jury did see what prosecutors said were detailed plans to carry out Valle 's plot . Graphic photos , how-to-kidnap searches found on cop 's computer A document found on his wife 's laptop was titled "  Abducting and Cooking Kimberly -- A Blueprint . " It included a photograph of Kimberly Sauer and personal information , including her bra size and shoe size . Sauer 's testimony revealed that some of the information -- a different last name , birthplace , birth date and college education -- was inaccurate . The same document listed "  materials needed , " which included a gag , rope , chloroform and a tarp for the trunk . The FBI never found any of these items in Valle 's possession . References to the blueprint were found in chats the FBI deemed "  fantasy role-play , " along with references to waterboarding and chloroform , terms frequently used in the online conversations . Valle , a six year NYPD veteran , planned to kidnap three women during the week of February 20 , 2012 , prosecutors said , pointing to some of the e-mails and chats . He communicated online with three co-conspirators , including a man identified as "  Moody Blues " or "  Chris Collins " or "  meatmarketman , " who Valle met on the Dark Fetish Network , prosecutors said . "  Meatmarketman , " who lives in the United Kingdom , bragged in one conversation about one of his past victims , sending Valle a picture , and saying he "  tried her alive first , actually it was n't very good , very bloody . " Graphic e-mails read at trial Court records show that Valle got the addresses of his alleged targets by sending them a police charity card that he claimed would "  get  them  out of a minor traffic violation " if they are pulled over by police . The police charity card was a ruse , prosecutor Randall Jackson argued . Defense attorney Julia Gatto argued Valle 's conduct was "  pure fiction " and "  make believe . " Gatto tried to show that Valle provided false information about the alleged targets ' locations to some people he chatted with online . In one instance , Valle said the woman was at a college four hours away , even though she attended school in New York . In other instances , he said he was watching an alleged target , when she really lived in Ohio . Records indicate Valle never went to Ohio . Gatto told the jury that it was a part of "  crude , stupid , infantile , masturbatory storytelling . " "  I have a world in my mind , " Valle wrote in an e-mail to one fantasy role-play partner . "  In that world I 'm kidnapping women and selling them to people interested in buying them , " she read aloud from Valle 's e-mail conversation . In one online chat , Valle said he was working on a story that featured "  a restaurant that sells women in all varieties , sometimes grilled or roasted as whole , sometimes in steaks or pieces , sometimes a la carte , or in a buffet . " "  His porn consists of dead bodies , " Assistant U.S Attorney Randall Jackson told jurors . "  That is not normal . " Valle will be sentenced June 19 by U.S. District Court Judge Paul Gardephe . CNN 's Mark Norman contributed to this report .	Gilberto Valle faces life in prison for the kidnapping conspiracy No one was ever kidnapped or eaten Valle 's lawyers argued his e-mails and online postings were just "  fantasy role-play " Prosecutors claimed Valle 's plans were "  deadly serious "
CNN  -- Linda Bazzi awoke in the middle of the night and found her two-story home unusually warm . Her husband investigated and found no ordinary fire downstairs . Their suburban Detroit house was firebombed about 1 a.m. Wednesday . Their outdoor surveillance camera captured an individual running up the front yard and throwing a Molotov cocktail through the front window , suggesting the family with four children was targeted . "  I woke up my husband , and I screamed , and I said something smells funny and the house is warm . Instantly he ran , " Bazzi told CNN affiliate WDIV . He descended three steps and saw flames . "  He screamed at the top of the lungs : ` Get the kids ! The house is on fire ! ' " Bazzi told the station . The fire left the Dearborn Heights home uninhabitable . "  I lost everything . Everything , everything , everything . Everything can be replaced , but I 'm so happy , I 'm so blessed that they did n't win : I have my children and I have my husband next to me , " Bazzi said , according to the news outlet . The house 's front facade is charred , and yellow tape cordons off its front door . "  I do n't know who did it . The way it seems to me  from  that video is that it is intentional . It was targeted to my house , directly , " Bazzi told the affiliate . "  I 'm scared . I 'm really scared for my life right now . " The family is hoping someone will recognize the individual in the grainy video and call police . In the tape , the firebomber throws the fiery device with his left hand . "  This , to me was , a nice community , nice area , and there have been a lot of thefts in the neighborhood and there have been a lot of break-ins . This is where I draw the line , " Bazzi said . Dearborn Heights police did n't immediately respond Thursday for a comment .	Linda Bazzi 's husband discovers a fire in their home in the middle of the night A surveillance camera shows an individual throwing a firebomb into front window She , her husband and their children are safe but their house is charred "  I 'm scared . I 'm really scared for my life right now , " Bazzi tells CNN affiliate WDIV
CNN  -- It was the first tie out -- and it 's the tie everyone is talking about . Manchester City will face Barcelona in the last 16 of the European Champions League in what promises to be one of the most eagerly awaited contests in this year 's competition . City , which has been in irrepressible form at home in the English Premier League and won at defending champion Bayern Munich last week , had failed to reach this stage in each of its previous two attempts . Now it will face a Barcelona side which has won the tournament on four occasions -- but director of football Txixi Beguiristain says City will not fear his former club . "  I think it will be a great match , " he told City 's official website . "  Ours is a team with a lot of confidence especially after winning against the champions in Munich -- that will give us a lot of confidence . Not just at home but away as well . "  We have to be confident because of the way we are playing . We are showing that we can score in all matches . This is important in the Champions League . "  We scored in Plzen , in Moscow , in Munich -- it should give us confidence to play against a team who have been champions many times . "  Our manager knows Barcelona perfectly because he managed in Spain for a long time . In this sense , we are confident . "  I think the text messages will be flying between Manchester and Barcelona now between Sergio and Lionel ! If you want to win the Champions League you have to beat the biggest teams , Barcelona are one of the biggest teams . " City has spent the past few years modeling itself on Barcelona -- now it is aiming to supplant it in Europe 's top club competition . Under the management of Manuel Pellegrini , the former Villarreal and Real Madrid coach , City has progressed to the last 16 of the competition for the very first time . Backed by the riches of Sheikh Mansour , the deputy prime minister of the United Arab Emirates , City has used its financial muscle to lure those who enjoyed great success at Barcelona . Beguiristain worked at the Camp Nou from 2003-10 before joining City to work alongside Ferran Soriano , who joined following a spell with the Catalan club as vice-president . Only last January , Barcelona president Sandro Rosell accused City of trying to poach players and coaching staff from the Camp Nou . One former Barcelona player who is expected to star for City is Yaya Toure -- the midfielder who left for England in July 2010 . The contest will also see City 's Argentine striker Sergio Aguero , who will hope to have recovered from a calf injury after being ruled out for up to a month , go up against international teammate Lionel Messi . And while neutrals will be salivating at the prospect of the two heavyweight giants going head-to-head , Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino says both teams would have rather avoided one another . "  City will not have wanted to play against Barcelona either , " he told reporters . "  What we need to concentrate on is being in good shape when February comes around . We need to have a high level and sustain it . "  They are scoring goals with ease so we are not going to discover them now . We want to play well in the tie and obviously win it . " Elsewhere , defending champion Bayern Munich will take on Arsenal in a repeat of last season 's clash at the same stage . Bayern triumphed 3-1 in north London before squeaking through to the quarterfinals on away goals following a 2-0 home defeat . Arsenal , which sits top of the Premier League despite Saturday 's 6-3 defeat at Manchester City , will provide a tough test for Bayern , according to chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge . "  They are the leaders in the Premier League and so we have been warned , " he told reporters . "  A few months ago we lost to them in Munich . They are a very tough team . " In 2012 , Didier Drogba struck the winning penalty as Chelsea pulled off an unlikely Champions League triumph by defeating Bayern in the final in Munich . Now at Galatasaray , Drogba will return to Stamford Bridge to face his beloved Blues in what promises to be an emotional reunion . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho had predicted that his side would be paired with the Turkish club , which defeated Juventus in a dramatic final group game to seal its place in the last 16 . Real Madrid has been paired with German side Schalke , with Carlo Ancelotti 's men still harboring ambitions of winning "  La Decima " -- the club 's 10th title . Real , which sits third in Spain , has not won the competition since 2002 and was beaten by Borussia Dortmund in last year 's semifinal . Dortmund , which was beaten in last season 's final by Bayern , will travel to Russia to take on Zenit St Petersburg in the first leg . Manchester United will be favorite to progress to the quarterfinal stage after being paired with Greek side Olympiakos . David Moyes ' side , which finished top of its group despite unconvincing domestic form , last won the competition in 2008 . Seven-time winner AC Milan has been handed a testing tie against Atletico Madrid . Milan , which has endured a dismal season in Serie A , will face an Atletico side sitting level on points with Barcelona at the top of La Liga . Elsewhere , French champion Paris Saint-Germain will travel to Bayer Leverkusen for its first leg tie . Last-16 draw : Manchester City vs Barcelona Olympiakos vs Manchester United AC Milan vs Atletico Madrid Bayer Leverkusen vs Paris Saint-Germain Galatasaray vs Chelsea Schalke vs Real Madrid Zenit vs Borussia Dortmund Arsenal vs Bayern Munich Ties to be played February 18/19 and 25/26 with second leg games on 11 , 12 , 18 , 19 March .	Manchester City will face Barcelona in standout clash Defending champion Bayern Munich will play Arsenal Manchester United takes on Olympiakos Real Madrid paired with German side Schalke
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Shortly before his death , Sen. Edward M. Kennedy wrote a letter to Pope Benedict XVI asking for the pontiff to pray for him as he struggled with an aggressive form of brain cancer , it was revealed at his graveside service Saturday evening . Members of the Kennedy family gather at the gravesite Saturday evening . Kennedy , the youngest and last-surviving brother of a heralded Kennedy generation , was laid to rest on a hillside at Arlington National Cemetery alongside his slain brothers , the late President John F. Kennedy and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy -- both assassinated more than four decades ago . Cardinal Theodore McCarrick read a recent letter from Kennedy to the pope at the private burial ceremony in Arlington , Virginia . "  I am writing with deep humility to ask that you pray for me as my own health declines , " McCarrick said , quoting from Kennedy 's letter . "  I was diagnosed with brain cancer more than a year ago , and although I continue treatment the disease is taking its toll on me . I am 77 years old , and preparing for the next passage of life , " the cardinal read . Read excerpts from Kennedy 's letter to pontiff The burial service at dusk followed a eulogy by President Barack Obama in Massachusetts , a brief prayer service outside the U.S. Capitol and a procession through the crowd-lined street of Washington 's streets . Among the congressional colleagues greeting the Kennedy family at the Capitol was 91-year-old Sen. Robert Byrd , D-West Virginia , who has been out of the spotlight lately because of deteriorating health . Watch an overview of the day 's events " Many who had gathered at the Capitol were visibly emotional and wiping tears from their eyes . Some held framed photos of Kennedy , and many held American flags that they waved during a singing of "  America the Beautiful . " The Rev. Daniel Coughlin -- chaplain of the House of Representatives -- said a prayer and addressed the family . "  Here we are to pray with you , offer sympathy and thank you , " he said . "  Thank you for sharing the senator . " Coughlin also noted that Kennedy 's hopes were "  unquenchable , full of immortality . " As Kennedy 's widow , Vicki , went back into the car , she waved to the crowd and mouthed , "  Thank you " as the crowd erupted into applause . The late senator 's son , U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy , addressed those on the steps , saying how his father "  knew that he was only great because he had great people supporting him . " "  He would be very proud to see you all out here today paying a final respect and tribute to his memory , " he said . Earlier Saturday at the funeral in Boston , Massachusetts , Obama hailed Kennedy as "  a champion for those who had none ; the soul of the Democratic Party ; and the lion of the U.S. Senate . " "  He was given the gift of time that his brothers were not , and he used that gift to touch as many lives and right as many wrongs as the years would allow , " the president said . "  We can still hear his voice bellowing through the Senate chamber , face reddened , fist pounding the podium , a veritable force of nature , in support of health care or workers ' rights or civil rights , " Obama said , calling Kennedy "  the greatest legislator of our time . " Watch President Obama 's full eulogy " Kennedy 's son Ted Jr. delivered a tender , personal remembrance of his larger-than-life father . He said his father "  never stopped trying to right wrongs . " Kennedy lived up to the ideals of three older brothers , all of whom died young -- Joseph in World War II , President John and Sen. Robert assassinated -- his son said . "  He answered Uncle Joe 's call to patriotism , Uncle Jack 's call to public service and Bobby 's determination to seek a newer world . "  Unlike them , he lived to be a grandfather , and knowing what my cousins have been through , I feel grateful that I have had my father as long as I did , " Ted Jr. said . "  My father was not perfect , but he believed in redemption , " he said . And he said Kennedy had made light of his failure to become president , despite the weight of expectations on him as a Kennedy . "  I do n't mind not being president , I just mind that someone else is , " he quoted his father as saying , closing his remembrance with a line from Kennedy 's famous 1980 concession speech that ended his presidential ambitions : "  The work goes on , the cause endures , the hope still lives and the dream will never die . " Watch as Ted Kennedy Jr. recalls his dad 's help when he lost his leg as a boy " The funeral began with a hearse bearing Kennedy 's body through Boston rain from the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library to Mission Church . A military honor guard carried the coffin through a sea of black umbrellas into the church . Watch as military honor guard carries Kennedy 's casket " People lined the streets of Boston cheering for Kennedy as the service began , despite the rain . Local bars and restaurants were packed with people watching the live coverage on television inside . Former presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Jimmy Carter also came to honor the late legislator , known as the lion of the Senate . Vicki Kennedy accepted condolences from each of the current and former presidents before Holy Communion . The program concluded with an undated quote from Kennedy : "  For all my years in public life , I have believed that America must sail toward the shores of liberty and justice for all . There is no end to that journey , only the next great voyage . We know the future will outlast all of us , but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make . " Many of Kennedy 's fellow senators past and present came to say a final farewell . Other mourners included Vice President Joe Biden and former Vice Presidents Al Gore and Dan Quayle , all veterans of the Senate , where Kennedy served for 47 years . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , CIA chief Leon Panetta , and several Cabinet members also turned out to pay their respects . Watch as Mass for Kennedy begins " Sen. John McCain , the 2008 Republican presidential candidate , chatted with Sen. Chris Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat , in the pews before the ceremony began . Honorary pallbearers at the service included Dodd , Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer , Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts -- his party 's 2004 presidential candidate -- and long-time Massachusetts Rep. Ed Markey , also a Democrat . The actual pallbearers were Kennedy children , nieces and nephews . World-renowned cellist Yo-Yo Ma performed two pieces during the service , and was joined by the tenor Placido Domingo for one of them . At the graveside service were a number of family members , as well as Vice President Joe Biden . Kennedy 's grave is 95 feet south of his brother Robert 's , which is just steps away from the burial site of another brother , former President John F. Kennedy . A single white , wooden cross will be placed at the head of the grave and a marble footmarker put in place . The footmarker reads : "  Edward Moore Kennedy 1932-2009 . " The setup is identical to Robert Kennedy 's grave , Arlington cemetery spokeswoman Kaitlin Horst told CNN . Kennedy , the patriarch of America 's leading Democratic family for more than 40 years , died at the age of 77 on Tuesday , 15 months after being diagnosed with brain cancer . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , John King and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : In letter to Pope Benedict XVI , Kennedy asked for prayers Sen. Edward M. Kennedy laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery President Obama hailed Kennedy as "  a champion for those who had none "
CNN  -- A Colorado judge on Monday ordered that some key records remain sealed and others be released in the case against James Holmes in last month 's deadly rampage at an Aurora movie theater . Arapahoe County District Chief Judge William Sylvester issued his order in response to requests by members of the media , including CNN , asking that a host of records be made public . The 24-year-old former graduate student is accused of opening fire during a midnight premiere of the latest Batman movie , leaving 12 dead and injuring 58 others . The prosecution and defense had argued for the documents to remain sealed -- the former to assure the integrity of the continuing investigation , and the latter to protect Holmes ' right to a fair trial . Holmes has been charged with murder and attempted murder , and faces two weapons charges . Colorado shooting suspect 's writings offer insight as student , aspiring scientist "  While the court is cognizant of the important role media petitioners play in informing the public 's legitimate interest in knowing the actions taken by government officials responsible for the investigation , prosecution and trial of  the  defendant , the court also will not jeopardize the integrity of the process and the truth-seeking functions of our justice system by authorizing the premature release of records , " Sylvester wrote . The judge reaffirmed his earlier decision barring the University of Colorado from releasing records related to Holmes , who had been a Ph.D. candidate studying neuroscience at the school . He withdrew from the program in June , weeks before the shooting . Sylvester furthermore cited the Colorado Criminal Justice Records Act , which states that "  records of official actions ... shall be open for inspection , " while other records from criminal justice agencies may be released or kept under seal . Reasoning that they are n't "  records of official actions  that  must be disclosed , " the judge ordered that probable cause affidavits , subpoenas , arrest warrants and search warrants be suppressed at this time , in the early stages of the investigation . The case 's "  register of actions , " or docket -- identifying court appearances and filings by the parties involved in the case , including motions and orders -- was ordered released . Sylvester decided that "  unrestricted access  to the register  would not pose a substantial probability of harm to the fairness of the trial . " Media urge unsealing of documents in Colorado shooting case The judge also sided with the media petitioners in ordering the release of 34 motions and orders that have been filed and court orders issued so far in the case . They include documents pertaining to arguments about limiting pretrial publicity , allowing access and preserving the crime scene . Steven Zansberg , a lawyer representing the media coalition , applauded part of Monday 's decision and expressed disappointment over others . "  We are pleased that Judge Sylvester has unsealed 34 documents in the court file that were previously not available to the public , and thereby has brought much needed transparency to this judicial proceeding , " Zansberg said via email . "  We are disappointed that the affidavits of probable cause remain under seal at this time , but are hopeful that the court will revisit that issue some time in the not too distant future . " The Arapahoe County judge also issued an order Monday clarifying and essentially upholding a previously issued limited gag order preventing defense lawyers , prosecutors and law enforcement agencies from disclosing certain information to the media . University of Colorado to review how it handled shooting suspect	James Holmes , 24 , is accused of killing 12 at a movie theater A media coalition , including CNN , has pushed for records to be released A judge rules probable cause affidavits and warrants , among other documents , stay sealed Some motions and orders tied to the crime scene and pretrial publicity can be released
