Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Iran threatened Wednesday to halt all imports of goods from South Korea in response to Seoul 's announcement a day earlier that it would stop accepting Iranian oil . South Korea said Tuesday that it would suspend all Iranian oil imports from the start of July in response to a European Union insurance ban on tankers carrying crude from Iran . The Iranian ambassador to South Korea , Ahmad Masumifar , responded by saying in an interview with the South Korean news agency Yonhap on Wednesday that Tehran "  may decide to fully stop importing Korean goods . " Reached by telephone , an official at the press office of the Iranian Embassy in Seoul confirmed Masumifar had made the comments to Yonnhap but declined to elaborate further . The EU and United States have been widening sanctions against Iran recently to put pressure on Tehran to curtail its nuclear program . Western powers say they believe the program is intended to build nuclear weapons , but Iran insists it is for peaceful purposes . South Korea is the first major consumer of Iranian oil in Asia to suspend all imports . In 2010 , it was the fourth biggest importer of Iranian oil , according to an official from the South Korean Knowledge Economy Ministry . Figures for 2011 are n't yet available , the official said . Iran 's other big oil customers in the region are Japan , China and India -- none of which have announced plans to stop receiving shipments . The Knowledge Economy Ministry said in a statement Tuesday that it relies heavily on European companies for insurance of its oil imports and has sent representatives to the EU to make the case for continuing insurance coverage . "  The government has been putting contingency plans in place in case Iranian oil imports would be stopped , " the statement said . Alternative supplies are being sourced from Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , Oman and Kuwait . South Korea already lowered its Iranian oil imports by 44 % between January and May -- from 7 million barrels to 3.9 million barrels -- to try to lessen its dependence on them , according to government figures . CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	South Korea is the first major Asian consumer of Iranian oil to stop imports Seoul 's decision follows an insurance ban by the EU on tankers carrying Iran 's crude Tehran says it may respond by deciding to "  fully stop importing Korean goods " Western powers are using sanctions to pressure Tehran over its nuclear program
CNN  -- Barcelona forward Lionel Messi has been named the best player in Europe , becoming the first Argentine to win the prestigious Ballon d'Or award on Tuesday . Last year 's winner Cristiano Ronaldo came second , with Messi 's teammates from Barcelona 's historic 2008-09 treble-winning side -- Spain midfielders Xavi and Andres Iniesta plus Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o  now at Inter Milan  -- rounding out the top five . The 22-year-old Messi helped the Catalan giants to the Spanish La Liga and European Champions League titles as well as the Copa Del Rey , while his Argentina side scraped into the World Cup finals after finishing fourth in their South American qualifying campaign . Messi told France Football magazine , organizers of the award , that he knew he was "  among the favorites because Barcelona had a profitable year . " "  For me it 's a big honor to win -- but also to become the first Argentinian in history to receive the trophy , " he said . "  I dedicate it to my family , they were always present when I needed them and sometimes felt even stronger emotions than me . " Messi is the first Barcelona player to win the award since Brazilian forward Ronaldinho took it in 2005 , and the sixth to have won it while at the club . He dominated the Ballon d'Or voting , polling 473 votes compared to second-placed Ronaldo 's 233 , and 27 more than the Real Madrid and Portugal winger received when he won it in 2008 for his exploits while with Manchester United . The rest of the top-10 was completed by : Brazil playmaker Kaka , Real Madrid 's summer signing from AC Milan ; Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who joined Barcelona from Inter in the off-season ; England forward Wayne Rooney of United ; Chelsea 's Ivory Coast frontman Didier Drogba ; and Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard of England . The award was only open to European players before 1995 , and that year AC Milan 's Liberian star George Weah became the first from outside the continent to win it . Argentina-born Alfredo Di Stefano was named Europe 's top player twice in the 1950s while at Real Madrid , but had acquired Spanish citizenship by that time .	Barcelona and Argentina forward Lionel Messi crowned the 2009 Ballon d'Or winner He won 473 votes -- 240 more than second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo , who won last year The 22-year-old Messi is the first Argentinian to win the award , launched in 1956 It is organized by France Football magazine to recognize the best player in Europe
CNN  -- Country singer Billy Currington is a wanted man , indicted on charges of making terroristic threats and the abuse of an elderly person by a Georgia grand jury . The indictment accused Currington , 39 , of threatening bodily harm against Charles Harvey Ferrelle in Tybee Island , Georgia , on April 15 . The elder abuse charge was included because Farrell is older than 65 , the indictment said . A Savannah judge issued a bench warrant for Currington 's arrest after the indictment was handed up by a Chatham County grand jury that "  found sufficient evidence " against him , District Attorney Meg Heap said Wednesday . The prosecutor did not give any other details about the allegations . Currington and his representatives did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment , although the singer did post a message to fans through his Twitter account : "  hey guys , I wanted to thank everyone for the huge amount of support that I have received already . Unfortunately , I ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter . It means a lot to me to have your support during this time . " While it is unclear if there is a connection , Currington tweeted this two days after the alleged incident : "  harrassing artists often at their home by boat should be illegal . thas all i know . " Although Currington mostly lives in Nashville , he is a native of Rincon , Georgia , which is about 35 miles inland from Tybee Island . Currington 's hit country songs include "  Must Be Doin ' Somethin' Right , " "  Good Directions , " "  People Are Crazy , " "  That 's How Country Boys Roll , " "  Pretty Good at Drinkin ' Beer , " and "  Let Me Down Easy . " CNN 's Denise Quan and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Billy Currington allegedly threatened bodily harm against an elderly man "  I ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter , " Currington tweets Currington 's country hits include "  People Are Crazy " and "  That 's How Country Boys Roll "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The international community is now waiting for confirmation from the United States and South Korea on whether a seismic disturbance in North Korea Tuesday is in fact the hermit regime 's third underground nuclear test . The area of the disturbance is near the area of North Korea 's two previous nuclear tests . The epicenter of the magnitude 4.9 event has little to no history of earthquakes , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . If confirmed as a North Korean nuclear explosion , the event would closely follow a controversial rocket launch from December which marked a milestone in the pariah state 's rocket program . The United States and many other countries believe it is a cover for the testing of ballistic missile technology . Late 1970s With Chinese technical assistance , North Korea begins working on the development of short-range ballistic missiles based on Soviet Scud technology , which is itself derived from Germany 's V-2 rocket . 1980-84 Work starts on the development of the North 's own version of the Scud-B missile system , thought to be designated the Hwasong-5 . Successfully test launches several prototypes with a range of around 300km . 1985-87 Deployment of Hwasong-5 begins , followed by the longer range Hwasong-6  500km  , which gives Pyongyang the ability to hit targets deep into South Korea . 1987-95 Begins development of No-dong missiles , a "  scaled up " version of the Scud with a range of 1,000-1 ,300 km and much larger payload , allowing it to reach Japan and Taiwan . A No-dong is successfully tested from the Musudan-ri launch site , traveling 500km before plunging into the Sea of Japan  East Sea  . Though the project is beset by technical problems -- the missile 's targeting system was inaccurate -- the No-dong arouses particular concern because it could potentially carry a nuclear warhead . North Korea has long been suspected of developing its own nuclear weapons program . Late 1990s Pyongyang introduces the Taepo-dong-1 and 2 -- both multi-stage missiles that give them a much longer range . A Taepo-dong-1 is test-fired in August 1998 -- reportedly overflying northern Japan -- in an apparent attempt to deploy a satellite in space . Though the mission fails , the first two stages of the three-stage rocket separate successfully and travel for almost 1,700 km . May 1999 Former Defense Secretary William Perry visits North Korea and delivers a U.S. disarmament proposal . September 1999 North Korea pledges to freeze long-range missile tests . U.S. President Bill Clinton eases economic sanctions against North Korea just days later . A U.S.-led international consortium also agrees to sign a $ 4.6 billion contract to build two nuclear reactors in North Korea . June 2001 Unhappy with the progress on its promised power plants , North Korea threatens to restart its nuclear weapons program . It says it will start testing missiles again unless normalized relations are resumed with the U.S. July 2001 U.S. State Department reports North Korea is going ahead with development of its long-range missile . A Bush administration official says North Korea has conducted an engine test of the Taepo-dong-1 missile . December 2001 President George W. Bush warns Iraq and North Korea that they would be "  held accountable " if they developed weapons of mass destruction "  that will be used to terrorize nations . " January 2002 Bush labels North Korea , Iran and Iraq an "  axis of evil " in his State of the Union address . "  By seeking weapons of mass destruction , these regimes pose a grave and growing danger , " he says . 2003 North Korea withdraws from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , an agreement that was signed by most of the world 's countries to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons . It reactivates its nuclear power facilities and begins test-firing missiles . In April that year , Pyongyang declares that it is a nuclear power . July 2006 North Korea test-fires six missiles , including a long-range Taepo-dong-2 rocket believed capable of reaching western United States . The rocket fails after 40 seconds , but U.S. denounces tests as "  provocative . " October 2006 North Korea claims to have successfully tested a nuclear weapon at an underground facility in Hwaderi . Days later , the test would be confirmed by the outside world . Responding to the test , the U.N. Security Council approves a resolution to impose sanctions against North Korea and require an end to nuclear and ballistic missile tests . North Korea rejects the resolution and walks out of the Security Council chamber . February 2007 North Korea agrees to take first steps toward nuclear disarmament and shut down its main reactor within 60 days before eventually dismantling its atomic weapons program after six-party talks in Beijing . September 2007 In an agreement signed at the six-party talks in Beijing , North Korea agrees to begin disabling its nuclear weapons facilities and allow a U.S. team , including technical experts , to take the lead in doing so . August 2008 North Korea declares it has stopped disabling its nuclear plants and will consider restoring them since the U.S. has not removed it from a list of states that sponsor terrorism . October 2008 U.S. removes North Korea from list of states that sponsor terrorism . April 2009 North Korea initiates what it calls a peaceful launch of a satellite , but the U.S. State Department declares it a "  provocative act in violation " of a 2006 Security Council resolution prohibiting North Korea from conducting ballistic missile launches . North Korea says any sanctions or pressure applied against it following its recent rocket launch would be considered a "  declaration of war . " May 2009 A second underground nuclear test is conducted in May that year . March 2012 North Korea declares it will launch a long-range rocket in April to deploy a satellite into orbit . April 2012 Defying warnings from the international community , North Korea launches a long-range rocket . However it breaks apart before escaping the earth 's atmosphere and falls into the sea . In an unusual admission of failure , North Korean state media announces that the rocket had not managed to put the observation satellite into orbit . December 2012 Pyongyang announces plans to launch another rocket in a fresh attempt to send a satellite into orbit . Just two days after announcing that the launch window would be extended due to technical issues , a long-range rocket lifts off from a launch site on the west coast of North Korea . Amid a chorus of international criticism , Pyongyang declares the mission a success and says a satellite was sent into orbit . January 2013 A U.N. Security Council resolution submitted by the United States condemns December 's rocket launch and expands existing sanctions . In response , North Korea issues a statement saying that it plans to carry out a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it said are a part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . February 2013 North Korea appeared to have conducted its third underground nuclear bomb test February 12 , as the U.S. Geological Survey reported a seismic disturbance centered near the site of the secretive regime 's two previous nuclear tests . The area around the reported epicenter of the magnitude 4.9 disturbance has little or no history of earthquakes or natural seismic hazards , according to U.S. Geological Survey maps . "  It 's a nuclear test , " said Jeffrey Lewis , director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies . "  That magnitude and that location -- it 's awfully unlikely it 's anything else . " The reclusive , Stalinist state announced last month that it planned a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it said were part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States .	North Korea appears to have conducted third underground nuclear bomb test U.S. Geological Survey reported seismic activity near site of two previous nuclear tests Area around magnitude 4.9 disturbance has little history of earthquakes , says USGS "  It 's a nuclear test , " says Jeffrey Lewis of Monterey Institute
An employee of the Florida State Attorney 's Office who testified that prosecutors withheld evidence from George Zimmerman 's defense team has been fired . Ben Kruidbos had been on paid administrative leave since May 28 from his job as director of information technology for the State Attorney 's Office . A spokeswoman for Fourth Judicial Circuit State Attorney Angela Corey said Kruidbos was no longer an employee of the office . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , is on trial in the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin last year . Kruidbos testified before Zimmerman 's trial began that Martin 's cell phone contained images of Martin blowing smoke , images of marijuana and deleted text messages regarding a transaction for a firearm and that those images had not been given to Zimmerman 's defense team . He received the termination letter , dated July 11 , on Friday , the same day jurors began deliberating Zimmerman 's case . The letter states : "  It has come to our attention that you violated numerous State Attorney 's Office  SAO  policies and procedures and have engaged in deliberate misconduct that is especially egregious in light of your position . " Read the termination letter Kruidbos said that , when he printed a 900-page Florida Department of Law Enforcement report from Martin 's cell phone in late 2012 or early 2013 , he noticed information was missing . Concerned that attorneys did not have all the information they needed to prepare the case , he said , he reported his concerns to a State Attorney 's Office investigator and later to prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda . Kruidbos said he generated a report that was more than three times the size of the one that had been handed over . For example , Kruidbos said that 2,958 photos were in the report given to the defense but that his report contained 4,275 photos . Kruidbos also said that he has been told to not put specific case-identifying information into internal e-mails . Through his attorney , Wesley White , Kruidbos informed Zimmerman 's defense team that the information existed . Did investigators blow the Zimmerman case ? In court , Kruidbos testified that he was concerned that he could be held liable if all information was n't shared . "  All the information is important in the process to ensure it 's a fair trial , " he said . In a six-page dismissal letter , the State Attorney 's Office , Fourth Judicial Circuit , blasted Kruidbos ' assertions and motivations . Managing Director Cheryl R. Peek accused Kruidbos of having erased data from a laptop in violation of the Public Records Law and derided his concern about being held liable as "  feigned and spurious " and "  nothing more than shameful manipulation in a shallow , but obvious , attempt to cloak yourself in the protection of the whistleblower law . " She concluded , "  Because of your deliberate , willful and unscrupulous actions , you can never again be trusted to step foot in this office . Your have left us with no choice but to terminate your employment . " But the defense said Kruidbos ' testimony supports its claim that the state violated the rules of discovery . Ex-Sanford police chief : Zimmerman probe ` taken away from us ' "  When it takes me six months to get a color picture of my client , when the first one I get is a black and white , when I look at it and go , ` This is off a cell phone ; cell phones do n't take black-and-white pictures , ' and I ask for a color copy , that takes two months , " defense lawyer Mark O'Mara said Wednesday in an interview with CNN 's Martin Savidge . "  And then I get a pastel-colored color copy of it , and it takes me to file a motion and have a hearing set before I get the actual . jpeg , no , that 's frustrating . That should not happen . I 've done this too long to make believe in my own mind that that 's happenstance . " O'Mara said he learned about the missing information months after he was to have received it . "  The only way that we really found out about it ... and the only way that we really found out about the intensity of the failure to give us information was when a person from their own office , a whistle-blower , came forward and said , ' I gave them that information in the middle to end of January ' and we did n't get it until June 4th . " He said he was "  beyond " shocked . "  It could have derailed the trial , " he said . The defense said it did not get the complete report until a few days before the trial . O'Mara and co-counsel Don West argued that they needed more time to go through the information found on Martin 's phone and asked for a delay , which was denied . Judge Debra Nelson said before the trial that the possibility of sanctions -- requested by the defense -- would be addressed after the verdict . The defense team declined to comment Saturday .	State worker Ben Kruidbos had been on paid leave since May 28 He testified in a pretrial hearing that the defense had not been given all of the evidence He said that more than 1,000 photos were not handed over
New York  CNN  -- Two New York state men have been charged in a bizarre plan to develop a mobile X-ray system that would be used from afar to silently kill people that they deemed "  undesirable , " federal officials said . Glendon Scott Crawford , 49 , and Eric J. Feight , 54 , were arrested Tuesday after an undercover operation by the Albany FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force . They were charged with conspiracy to provide material support for use of a weapon of mass destruction , according to the criminal complaint . Crawford and Feight were developing a device "  intended to be mobile ... designed to turn on remotely from some distance away " that would emit "  some dangerous levels of X-ray radiation , " according to John Duncan , executive assistant U.S. attorney for the Northern District of New York . Individuals who might have been "  subject to this X-ray radiation , would not immediately know that they had been harmed until some days later when they would either be injured , or it could result in their death , " he said . The suspects intended to use the device to harm and kill "  enemies of Israel , " a Department of Justice news release said . ` Swimming upstream , ' white supremacist groups still strong Undercover agents allegedly heard Crawford , a self-described member of the Ku Klux Klan , state that he "  harbors animosity towards individuals and groups that he perceives as hostile to the interests of the United States " and refers to them as "  medical waste . " He specifically identified Muslims as belonging to this group , according to the criminal complaint . Crawford and Feight appeared in court Wednesday . If convicted , each faces up to 15 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and five years of supervised release . Feight appeared with a lawyer , while the judge appointed one for Crawford . CNN attempted to contact the attorneys late Wednesday but was unsuccessful . Though the device had extraordinary potential for harm , the public was not in danger because of the early involvement of authorities , Duncan said . Photos : a Klansman 's run for sheriff Andrew St. John , a friend of Feight 's for 30 years , called Feight a "  pacifist " and a "  smart guy . " Crawford , a manufacturing employee at a GE plant in Schenectady , New York , worked with Feight , an employee at a nearby automotive company often contracted by GE , according to the investigation report . The automotive company did not comment . Since the arrest , Crawford has been suspended from the company , which is fully cooperating with authorities , according to GE spokesman Shaun Wiggins . "  We have no reason to believe the act took place on GE property , nor is there any information indicating that our employees ' safety was ever compromised , " Wiggins said . According to the criminal complaint , Crawford repeatedly used another GE employee as a proxy "  to covertly obtain the parts list for the remote initiation system " among other things , at times meeting in GE 's parking lot . Wiggins told CNN on Wednesday that he could not speak to those allegations . Crawford contacted two Jewish organizations in April 2012 for funding assistance of an "  off the shelf " technology that could be used by Israel to defeat its enemies by killing them while the slept , according to the criminal complaint . KKK wants ACLU help to adopt highway A lengthy federal investigation then began . Agents met with Crawford and Feight , posing as both potential middle men and customers for this "  radiation emitting device , " according to the criminal complaint . Crawford said the lethal machine would be capable of emitting 8 to 10 grays -- a unit of radiation dose -- toward the target Muslim community , according to the criminal complaint . The radiation-emitting device would be "  Hiroshima on a light switch , " Crawford said , and that "  everything with respiration would be dead by the morning . " Feight was recruited by Crawford to develop a "  remote initiation device " powered "  by a plug-in cigarette lighter electrical source , " according to an affidavit by FBI Special Agent Geoffrey Kent . The system would have three parts -- the X-ray , a power source and a remote initiation device -- and it would fit into a truck , the complaint said . In October , Crawford traveled to North Carolina to meet with a high-ranking KKK official and two businessmen affiliates , all working with the FBI , to discuss his scheme and raise money , according to the complaint . Feight was introduced to undercover FBI agents in November and called the design of the lethal machine "  incredibly smart " because it gives "  a lot more isolation from the ... issue , " according to a recorded dialogue in the criminal complaint . Feight seemingly explains his rationale for involvement in the same meeting . "  When I started seeing how things , the direction things were going ... after the elections , " Feight said , "  You know , the only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing . " Crawford was apparently concerned about not surviving a surgical procedure he underwent during the development of the machine . According to the criminal complaint , Crawford made arrangements with colleagues to contact his wife to retrieve his computer and phone , containing important data , so they could move on with the operation . In an e-mail to an unidentified person , Crawford said : "  if something happens I do n't want this to go away , it can serve our people well . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Dana Garrett and Allison Malloy contributed to this report .	FBI : N.Y. state men developed X-ray system capable of emitting deadly radiation The men were charged with conspiracy to provide support for the use of a WMD One man , a member of the KKK , said he would use the device to kill Muslims
CNN  -- Chilean authorities will launch an investigation into the 1973 death of writer Pablo Neruda , a judge ruled Thursday . Judge Mario Carroza ordered the investigation Thursday , noting that police , witness and medical records would be examined , Chile 's judicial authority said in a statement . The Nobel Prize-winning poet 's death certificate says he died of prostate cancer , CNN Chile reported . But officials with the country 's Communist Party asked officials this week to probe his death . Neruda died on September 23 , 1973 , just 12 days after a right-wing military coup that overthrew the South American country 's government . "  We are not accusing anybody , a priori . What we want is that the courts to fully clarify the situation , " Communist Party President Guillermo Teillier told reporters Tuesday . But human rights lawyer Eduardo Contreras said that the circumstances surrounding Neruda 's death reported in local media differed from descriptions on his death certificate . "  Without a doubt , Neruda in exile would have been something very difficult for the dictatorship , " he told reporters . A biography of the poet on the website of the Neruda Foundation , which Neruda 's widow founded to promote and preserve his legacy , notes the coup as a significant date in his life . "  The majority of Neruda 's friends were made prisoners or had to hide or seek political asylum in other countries , " it says . Neruda , a member of Chile 's Communist Party , was also a lawmaker in the South American country and served as its ambassador to France . But internationally , he is most well-known for his poetry . Neruda received the Nobel Prize in Literature 1971 "  for a poetry that with the action of an elemental force brings alive a continent 's destiny and dreams . " The investigation into his death comes as Chilean authorities probe the death of another high-profile figure in the nation 's history : former Chilean President Salvador Allende . Last week forensic experts exhumed Allende 's remains as part of an investigation into whether he killed himself or was assassinated during the 1973 coup . Official accounts ruled the leftist leader 's death a suicide , saying that he shot himself -- with a gun that was reportedly a gift from Fidel Castro -- as Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's troops closed in on the presidential palace . But some of Allende 's supporters have long doubted that account . Carroza ordered the exhumation in April as part of a massive investigation of 726 reported human rights violations during Pinochet 's rule , CNN Chile reported . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : "  Neruda in exile would have been ... difficult for the dictatorship " CNN Chile : Pablo Neruda 's death certificate says he died of prostate cancer A judge rules that police , witness and medical records will be examined The judge 's order comes after investigators exhumed a former Chilean president last week
Ashley and Tyson Gardner tried unsuccessfully for years to get pregnant . Finally , the Utah couple learned in July that their first in-vitro fertilization attempt was successful . But the real surprise came during the ultrasound , when they learned she was pregnant with quadruplets . Luckily , a friend was in the room to capture the look on Gardner 's face in a picture that is delighting parents , moms-to-be and just about anyone else who has a heart . A BabyCenter article on the picture was shared 2,600 times from its Facebook page , drawing nearly 15,000 likes . In the past week , the Gardners ' Facebook page , where they share news about their pregnancy , grew by nearly 16,000 likes to 24,300 . Ashley Gardner shared some thoughts via email with CNN about her experience with infertility and becoming an internet sensation . CNN : What other methods did you try before IVF ? Ashley Gardner : We tried EVERYTHING under the sun . We tried for 8 long years  taking a few months of here and there to keep our sanity !  our efforts included , diet , a surgery on my end  laparoscopy  , medications then onto 4 fails IUI 's and then we saved up for IVF and BAM ! It worked really really really REALLY well ! Record number of women using IVF to get pregnant CNN : What made you decide to start sharing your journey on Facebook ? Gardner : So about a year and a half ago I decided to open up about our infertility struggles . It was getting hard getting asked ALL THE TIME why I did n't have children yet . I was sick of making excuses for something that was out of my control and emotionally affecting me so much . I opened up and could n't believe the outpouring support I started getting from EVERYONE ! Even people I did n't know . It was an amazing feeling to not be hiding this awful disease of infertility anymore and openly talking about it ! I found that so many others were going through the same thing ! And I 've since been able to help so many others struggling and feeling so alone during this heartbreaking journey . As for our Facebook page , my awesome sister Whitney set that up for me when we announced that we were having quads . We just announced on our private pages to our friends and family and the picture was so priceless that everyone started sharing it and we started getting hundreds of friend requests from people we did n't know . So we did the Facebook page so that everyone can follow our story and we can still keep our personal Facebook pages for ourselves . CNN : Do you remember what was going through your mind when you found out you had quads ? Gardner : "  OH MY GOSH !!!!!!! " I could n't think straight ! I had never been so excited and terrified in the same instant . We waited so long to have babies so we were so happy ... But at that time we literally had NEVER even thought once about this being a possibility . We did n't know anything about having quads and the risks that go with it . But overall , we were just excited !!!! My husband is the oldest of 10 children so he is ready to take on anything ! He can calm any baby and entertain any kid . They love him . He is the favorite uncle to all our nieces and nephews . We are ready ! Our doctors say that everything is in our favor for this going great . Does n't mean it wo n't be hard . But we can handle it ! Identical quadruplets surprise mom expecting triplets CNN : Dumb question : Were you surprised ? Gardner : YES !!!! After eight long , heartbreaking years of infertility and every month passing by with a negative pregnancy test you do get discouraged ! You hold on to as much hope as you can and sometimes you lose it . But you dust yourself off get up and try again ! My endometriosis  cause of our infertility  was so bad that we found during the IVF process that it had compromised my eggs . Out of all the eggs they got they all started dying off and left us with 1 perfect egg and one good egg . They put both back to give me the best odds of one sticking so we would at least get one baby out of this since I did n't have any eggs to freeze and this was probably our last shot at this . The chances of even getting one to stick was 40 % . To have both stick and both split ... well , that 's a 1 in 70 million chance ! It was meant to be ! CNN : Do you have any idea how the photos got picked up and started going "  viral " ? Gardner : Only thing I can think of is what I stated above . People loved the announcement picture so much they shared it and it just kept going . The real reason behind the multiples baby boom	After years of trying Ashley and Tyson Gardner got pregnant through first IVF attempt Only thing more surprising was learning they 're having quadruplets Picture of her learning she 's having quads draws more than 15,000 Facebook likes They just found out the gender last week
CNN  -- Juan Martin del Potro is facing a lengthy spell on the sidelines after the world No. 8 announced he will undergo wrist surgery on Monday . The 2009 U.S. Open champion , who needs surgery to fix a problem with his left wrist , had a similar operation on his right wrist in 2010 and was subsequently out for eight months . The Argentine first felt pain in his left wrist in August 2012 and he took painkillers to deal with the injury at last year 's U.S. Open . But the problem resurfaced at January 's Australian Open , the first grand slam of 2014 , where Del Potro lost in the second round to Roberto Bautista Agut . "  I want to tell you that after a period of medical treatment , in which we tried to be competitive on a tennis court , and following new examinations done today , my doctor Richard Berger , decided that I should have surgery to fix the problem on my left wrist , " the 25-year-old said on his official Facebook page . "  Obviously , it 's not the easiest choice or the happiest moment of my career . I experienced a similar situation and I know how hard it is to be out of the tour , the desire to return , the endless weeks of recovery and how difficult it is to start fighting for the top spots in the rankings again . " Since returning from his right wrist injury in 2010 , Del Potro has claimed 11 titles -- most recently defeating Bernard Tomic to win January 's Sydney International event . "  As always , thank you to those who express their support in any part of Argentina and the world , during tournaments , on the streets or social networks , " added Del Potro . "  The strength you send me and my desire will be crucial during my recovery . " The highlight of Del Potro 's career so far came at Flushing Meadows five years ago , when he beat Roger Federer in five sets to win his first grand slam title .	Juan Martin del Potro to undergo wrist surgery Argentine needs operation on left wrist Del Potro has previously had surgery on his right wrist Problem resurfaced at January 's Australian Open
CNN  -- California corrections officials released a startling new prison mug shot of Grammy-winning music legend Phil Spector , convicted last month of second-degree murder and serving 19 years to life in prison . Phil Spector 's prison mug shot , taken June 5 , shows him without a hairpiece . Spector , 69 , is being held at North Kern State Prison , where he is being evaluated before receiving a permanent prison assignment , corrections spokesman Gordon Hinkle said . The process could take up to 70 days . The mug shot , which shows a bald-pated Spector , was taken on June 5 as part of the routine intake process . California prison inmates are not permitted to wear wigs under Title 15 , Article 5 , Section 3062 of the state 's prison regulations , which addresses inmate hygiene . Corrections officials also are concerned that wigs can be used to hide contraband . A judge in Los Angeles sentenced Spector last month to the maximum sentence for second-degree murder in the February 2003 shooting death of actress Lana Clarkson . Spector , 69 , wo n't be eligible for parole until he is 88 years old . Clarkson , 40 , was found dead , slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector 's Alhambra mansion with a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth . View a timeline of the case " Spector 's retrial began in October and ended in April . It took jurors 30 hours to convict him . His first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial when the jury deadlocked 10 to 2 in favor of conviction after 15 days of deliberations . Clarkson starred in the 1985 B-movie "  Barbarian Queen " and appeared in many other films , including "  Deathstalker , " "  Blind Date , " "  Scarface , " "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " and the spoof "  Amazon Women on the Moon . " She was working as a VIP hostess at Hollywood 's House of Blues at the time of her death . At both trials , Spector 's attorneys argued Clarkson was depressed over a recent breakup and her flagging Hollywood career . They said she grabbed a .38 - caliber pistol and killed herself while at Spector 's home . But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace . Five women took the stand and testified he threatened them with firearms . His driver testified he heard a loud noise and saw Spector leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , "  I think I killed somebody . " Spector 's professional trademark was the "  Wall of Sound , " the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label , named for Spector and his business partner , Lester Sill , in the early 1960s . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this story .	NEW : Newly released photo taken at state prison intake center on June 5 Music producer serving 19 years to life for 2003 slaying of Lana Clarkson Actress was found shot dead in foyer of Spector 's California mansion Jury deadlocked at first trial , Spector convicted of second-degree murder at retrial
