BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The monument commemorating the journalist who hurled his shoes at President George W. Bush was taken down a day after it was erected , local officials in Tikrit told CNN . A monument to a shoe thrown at former President Bush is unveiled at the Tikrit Orphanage complex . Assisted by kids at the Tikrit Orphanage , sculptor Laith al-Amiri on Tuesday erected a huge brown replica of one of the shoes hurled at Bush last month by journalist Muntadhir al-Zaidi during a press conference in Baghdad . But officials from Salaheddin province told CNN that the monument was removed after a request from the central government , which has charges pending against al-Zaidi -- now in an Iraqi jail . After the request was made , Iraqi police visited the location to make sure that the shoe monument was removed . "  We will not allow anyone to use the government facilities and buildings for political motives , " said Abdullah Jabara , Salaheddin deputy governor . Al-Zaidi 's angry gesture touched a defiant nerve throughout the Arab and Muslim world . He is regarded by many people as a hero , and demonstrators last month took to the streets in the Arab world and called for his release . The shoe monument , made of fiberglass and coated with copper , consists of the shoe and a concrete base . The entire monument is 3.5 meters  11.5 feet  high . The shoe is 2.5 meters  8.2 feet  long and 1.5 meters  4.9 feet  wide . The orphans helped al-Amiri build the $ 5,000 structure in 15 days , said Faten Abdulqader al-Naseri , the orphanage director . "  Those orphans who helped the sculptor in building this monument were the victims of Bush 's war , " al-Naseri said . "  The shoe monument is a gift to the next generation to remember the heroic action by the journalist . " Saddam Hussein , the former Iraqi leader toppled by the United States in 2003 , was from the Tikrit region . Al-Zaidi marked his 30th birthday in jail earlier this month . One of his brothers told CNN he "  in good health and is being treated well . " Al-Zaidi 's employer , TV network al-Baghdadia , keeps a picture of him at the top left side of the screen with a calendar showing the number of days he has spent in detention . The network has been calling for his release . By tradition , throwing a shoe , is the most insulting act in the Arab world . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Provincial governor says government facilities ca n't be used for politics Huge sculpture of shoe thrown at former President Bush was at orphanage Orphans helped artist build the $ 5,000 sculpture
CNN  -- An $ 8.5 million stimulus spending project to rebuild a little-used Montana border station is on hold because the station could become an outpost on a one-way street . Canada has decided to shut down its side of the Whitetail , Montana , border crossing next year because fewer than five vehicles a day use the crossing . The decision comes at the same time the U.S. Department of Homeland Security is planning to spend spend the millions in stimulus funds to upgrade the border station . The upgrade is part of a highly criticized decision last year that sent tens of millions of dollars in stimulus funds to revamp or rebuild border stations across Montana 's northern border with Canada . The crossing at Whitetail is the least used . Canada estimates five vehicles a day cross the border there . Vehicles crossing into the United States average as few as two a day at Whitehall , according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection records . The Department of Homeland Security has stressed the need for spending tens of millions of dollars in Montana to improve security along the border . But in light of Canada 's decision , Customs and Border Protection spokesman Rafael Lemaitre says the government "  is pausing construction at the Whitetail Port of Entry until September 1 in order to work with the Canada Border Services Agency to develop a joint solution that ensures the continued security interests of both countries . " The recent announcement by Canadian officials to close the station on their side of the border has brought sharp criticism about the stimulus spending plan from Montana 's lone congressman . Rep. Denny Rehberg , a Republican , released a statement saying , "  Montanans are n't happy about how their tax dollars are being wasted . " Rehberg has asked Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano to once again review the plan to spend $ 8.5 million dollars on the border crossing , adding that its his job as a congressman to "  safeguard tax dollars , and I 'm making sure this boondoggle does n't slip through the cracks . " Even Sen. Jon Tester , a Montana Democrat who last year was one of the biggest supporters of the plan to spend millions on Montana 's border crossings , is now backtracking . Tester told CNN in August of 2009 that the spending would "  pay off for generations to come by creating new jobs and opportunity that would benefit all of Montana . " A spokeswoman for Tester says the senator now is asking for construction to cease until another review can be conducted . "  A year ago , unilateral plans to close the Canadian side were n't part of the equation , " Tester spokeswoman Andrea Heller told CNN . "  The news that the Canadians are closing their side of the port changes the situation . " This is the second time plans for the Montana border stations have been put on hold . Last year after CNN aired a report showing how little the state 's border stations were used , the Department of Homeland Security announced it would review its plans . The 60-day review ended with the announcement that the department was going ahead with its stimulus construction plan . It is not clear if anyone at Homeland Security discussed Canada 's plans as part of that review .	Whitetail , Montana , is a rarely used border crossing Five or fewer vehicles use the crossing either way on an average day Canada is planning to shut its side of the border post next year A stimulus spending project to rebuild the U.S. border station has been put on hold
A handful of Republican Party officials is quietly advancing a new batch of rules aimed at streamlining a chaotic presidential nominating process that many party insiders viewed as damaging to the their campaign for the White House in 2012 , multiple GOP sources told CNN . In a series of closed-door meetings since August , handpicked members of the Republican National Committee have been meeting with party Chairman Reince Priebus in Washington to hash out details of a sweeping plan to condense the nominating calendar , severely punish primary and caucus states that upend the agreed-upon voting order and potentially move the party 's national convention to earlier in the summer , with late June emerging as the ideal target date . No party convention has been held that early since the steamy summer of 1948 , when Republicans nominated Thomas Dewey as their standard bearer in Philadelphia . The 17-member special rules subcommittee tasked with reforming the nominating process , appointed with little fanfare at the RNC 's summer meeting in Boston , is also considering ways to limit the number of Republican primary debates in 2016 , though the group has yet to agree to any specific rules related to debates . The 2012 campaign saw an eye-popping 20 Republican debates , in addition to an array of multicandidate forums . GOP tries to deal with damage done with women Priebus and other top party figures have made no secret of their desire to scale back the number of debates , which offered little-known candidates such as Michele Bachmann and Herman Cain a chance to shine but forced Mitt Romney , the eventual nominee , to publicly stake out a number of conservative positions that came back to haunt him in the general election . Fewer debates , more control One proposal being weighed by the RNC members would involve sanctioning a small handful of debates while penalizing candidates who participate in any nonsanctioned GOP debate by stripping them of one-third of their delegates to the national convention . There is also a "  heavy appetite " to have a say over which journalists should be allowed to moderate the debates , said one Republican familiar with the ongoing discussions . "  There is a definitely a consensus for Reince 's objective to have less debates and have control over how and who we have run our debates , rather than just turning it over to X , Y or Z network and having a guy moderate who 's going to just dog you for two hours , " said the Republican , who requested anonymity to discuss the sensitive and not-yet-finalized rules changes . Calendar changes approved by the subcommittee must then be ratified by the RNC 's Standing Committee on Rules , a vote that could take place as early as January at the RNC 's winter meeting in Washington . If approved by the rules committee , the full 168-member RNC must vote on the calendar changes sometime before next summer . The biggest campaign moments of 2013 The rules subcommittee is a mixed bag of veteran party pragmatists and grassroots conservatives who have bristled at past attempts to impose order on the primary and caucus process . But people on the subcommittee say the discussions have been cordial and productive -- a far cry from the internecine Republican warfare that has come to define the party during the Obama era . ` The grassroots have a voice ' "  I think all groups are being represented , " said subcommittee member James Smack , a libertarian-leaning supporter of Ron and Rand Paul from Nevada . "  The grassroots have a voice in that room , " he said . "  The so-called establishment has a voice in that room . And people who do n't really fall into either camp have a voice in the room . It 's a friendly group . I thought it might be more adversarial , but to be honest , everybody has had their ability to be heard . " Among the rules amendments taking shape : -- The first four early-voting states -- Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and Nevada -- would continue to hold their contests in February . To prevent other states from jumping the order and compelling the first four to move their dates even earlier as they did in 2012 , any state that attempts to hold its nominating contest before March 1 would have their number of delegates to the convention slashed to just nine people or , in the case of smaller states , one-third of their delegation -- whichever number is smaller . "  It 's the death penalty , " said one member of the subcommittee . If Florida violates RNC rules and holds its primary in February , its 99-member delegation would all but vanish . -- Any state holding a primary or caucus during the first two weeks of March must award its delegates proportionally , rather than winner-take-all . The measure is designed to prevent a candidate from catching fire in the early states and then riding a burst of momentum to winner-take-all victories in expensive , delegate-rich states such as Florida or Texas . The early March window would give underfunded , insurgent candidates a chance to prove their mettle . "  It will allow a grassroots candidate to stay in the race and try to raise money and score some wins , " said Smack . "  If they ca n't score wins by that time , they probably need to pack it in and try again four years later . " -- States holding a contest after March 15 can decide to award their delegates however they see fit . -- The Republican National Convention will be held either in late June or early July , though ideally on a date before the July 4 holiday . The decision on where to hold the convention will be made at a later date by a separate RNC panel , but Las Vegas and Kansas City are seen as two early frontrunners . Party officials said each city 's host committee seems willing and able to raise the nearly $ 60 million needed to fund a sprawling convention . Asked about the proposals , RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer said the measures "  reflect the chairman 's conversations with the grassroots of our party and are intended to give the next nominee the financing and resources necessary to win in 2016 . " Should poll give GOP hope ? Not yet Would earlier convention bring better results ? Of all the changes , the convention date is perhaps the most crucial and sought-after adjustment in the wake of Romney 's 2012 loss . For many in the party , the primary process dragged for too long , with too many loose ends and hurt feelings , before Romney was formally declared the nominee at the Tampa , Florida , convention in late August . Moving the convention to June would have the effect of ending the primary campaign in May because of RNC rules that require state party organizations to submit their delegate lists to the national party at least 35 days before the convention . States with primaries scheduled for June 2016 , including California , New Jersey and New Mexico , would essentially be holding nothing more than beauty contests . Party organizations in those states would instead submit their delegate lists to the RNC ahead of time , before any primary vote takes place , Republicans said . But perhaps more importantly , subcommittee members said , an early convention date will give the 2016 nominee a massive financial edge over what Romney had in 2012 . Handcuffed from spending campaign funds raised for the general election until he was officially nominated in late August , Romney was outspent by a 3-to-1 margin on the television airwaves throughout the summer by President Barack Obama and his allies . Democrats defined Romney early as an out-of-touch plutocrat , and he never recovered his image . By moving the convention to late June , the 2016 nominee will be able to open up his or her general election war chest a full two months earlier . "  The main thing is it makes him or her the official nominee , and then they can spend the general election money , " said a Republican involved in the deliberations . "  That is the number one reason to move the convention , to give the nominee the flexibility to start spending that money . It used to be you did n't want to go early , because you would run out of money . Now no one is taking government money , so you can go raise a gazillion dollars . We will raise what we need to raise . " For many years , both parties held their conventions later in the summer , a strategic decision meant to preserve federal matching funds available to each candidate under public financing . But with campaigns now awash in outside money and permissive fundraising regulations , it now makes little sense for candidates to wait for a smaller pot of publicly financed money . Obama and Romney declined federal matching funds in 2012 , the first time since the Watergate era that both major party nominees passed on public financing in the general election .	RNC plan would condense primary calendar and punish states that upend voting order Proposal would also move party 's convention to late June instead of August as in 2012 Group has yet to come up with debate plan , but most say there were too many in last cycle
CNN  -- I was in Cairo three years ago when the revolution began . I had not thought the January 25th protests would lead to very much . But they did . Three years later , Egypt greets the dawn of the anniversary with bombs , police violence , and nihilism . The revolution has become a struggle in a way no one dreamed at the time . It seems to be almost a revolutionary act to simply reject despair . In this despondent phase of the Egyptian tale , there are very few good guys , far too many bad guys , and a plethora of ugly guys . On the 25th of January three years ago , the divisions in the population were more or less clear . The ` bad guy ' was the regime of Hosni Mubarak , with all that implied . The corruption , police brutality , and overall degradation of human dignity in Egyptian society were clearly associated with his office . Certainly , there were sections of the population that supported him -- in the aftermath of the uprising , 79 % of Egyptians said they supported the protests that led to Mubarak 's departure . That left a sizeable minority which was uncertain of or opposed the protests . At the outset of the uprising , most Egyptians were unwilling to throw their weight behind the protests -- but they did not support Mubarak . They just did not see much of an alternative . Today , the divisions are far more complicated . That 79 % has become fragmented in ways that few predicted . Those that backed the Islamist forces of the Muslim Brotherhood would feel great pride as confidence in its political party went from 15 % in the aftermath of the uprising , to a high of 67 % a year later . But they would also feel great disappointment : just prior to the June 30th ouster of Mohamed Morsy , Gallup polls and others showed the political force of the Muslim Brotherhood had lost most of its post-uprising popular support over its year in power . They are now designated as a terrorist organisation by the military backed interim government , albeit without conclusive public proof linking the group to terrorist attacks  a separate terrorist movement , Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , has claimed responsibility  . The Brotherhood 's political strategy has gone from trying to enforce authority over the state from within , to engaging in continuous protests against it from without . Since the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak in 2011 , the military establishment has been the single most popular institution in the country . Popular conscription means that members of most Egyptian families have served in it ; the educational system glorifies it , and most media in the country over the past three years has been at best lukewarm in its criticism of it . At its height over the past three years before Morsy 's ouster , public confidence in the military was anything from 80 % to 95 % . Until Morsy 's departure , the Muslim Brotherhood repressed disparagement of the army , and joined in its lionisation , identifying the army as supportive of Morsy 's rule . After it , one imagines the popularity of the military dropped with the departure of Brotherhood support for it . Given the loss of popular support for the Brotherhood , and the overwhelming negative public media narrative about the same , it seems likely the military can still count on a majority of the population to back it . Other political forces have , generally speaking , decided there is a binary choice to be made : back the Muslim Brotherhood , or back the military . There was never much lost love between most other political forces and the Brotherhood . The latter already had enemies prior to coming to power , and alienated many potential  and existing  allies during the post-uprising period through its toleration of sectarian rhetoric , permissive attitude to vigilante violence , opposition to consensus building , and failure to enact reforms . It is difficult to describe most of these anti-Brotherhood forces as "  liberal , " let alone "  revolutionary , " however . The past six months have seen the largest number of civilian causalities at the hands of state forces in modern Egyptian history , as well as various other violations of civil rights . Most of these forces have either been silent or actively supportive of such efforts in Egypt 's own "  War on Terror , " although they objected greatly to other abuses during Morsy 's tenure . On the third anniversary of the revolutionary uprising , that leaves one group left to account for -- the group that sparked it in the first place , and continued to fight for it without regard for partisan political interest . Those original "  Jan25 revolutionaries , " made up of rights campaigners , civil society activists and others , had no plan during that 18 day uprising -- except to persist and persevere . They were joined by many others -- and no-one can now claim the uprising was theirs alone . The crowds that swept into the different squares of Egypt over those days were representative of Egyptian society in general -- not simply one sector of it . But that portion of society that sparked the protests , those who continued to agitate for fundamental change , and to criticise , irrespective of who sat in the presidential palace -- they 've already realised that just as they were on the margins on January 25 2011 , they 're still on them in 2014 . Three years later , many of them have been arrested for dissent against the current government . Many had gone into political parties , but they never reached critical mass . What they did have -- what they do have -- is this strange perseverance to continue speaking truth to power . On January 25 2014 , some may go out to remember the uprising where so many Egyptians decided to join them . Mostly , however , they 'll probably take a deep breath as they see most Egyptians fall prey to an ultra-nationalism on the one hand , and a sectarian partisanship on the other . Back to the margins they may have gone -- but into oblivion , they refuse to go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.A. Hellyer .	Egypt 's revolution has shown clear fault lines in society , says H.A. Hellyer Muslim Brotherhood gained impressive support , and squandered it almost as quickly Hellyer : Military remains popular , despite civil rights violations in Egypt 's "  War on Terror " Pro-revolution activists and rights campaigners on the margins , three years on
CNN  -- It was a rare bright spot on an otherwise hazy , smoke-filled horizon . An evacuation advisory was lifted Thursday for residents in Tuolumne City , a picturesque community in northern California threatened by an historic wildfire , as firefighters worked to get a grip on the blaze . Known as the Rim Fire , the conflagration has charred nearly 200,000 acres , cost the state more than $ 39 million to date and is threatening 5,500 structures , of which 4,500 are residences . It 's the sixth-largest wildfire in California history . On Thursday , it was in its 12th day and it had only been contained 32 % , according to Cal Fire . Because of the approaching flames , officials have shut down electricity generators , and San Francisco -- more than 120 miles to the west -- temporarily is getting power from elsewhere . While the Yosemite Conservancy says the Rim Fire has consumed tens of thousands of acres inside Yosemite National Park , it has so far had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the park 's iconic attractions , including the El Capitan rock formation . Firefighters hope to keep it that way . Nearly 5,000 people have been assigned to the blaze . "  This is going to be a tough fire , " said Tom Tidwell , chief of the U.S. Forest Service . "  It 's going to continue for a few more weeks . " ` It looked like a thunderhead cloud , but it was smoke ' The blaze has created challenges not only to firefighters and utility providers , but also to people who were in the park on long-planned explorations and expeditions . That group included people such as David Hermanson and his friends . They were on a 10-day trek through the wilderness , just four guys and six llamas . Expecting to commune with nature , they instead faced its sheer , raw power when their hike was cut short by the huge wildfire ravaging northern California . Hermanson , a 30-year-old artist and air conditioner repairman from the San Diego area , knows Yosemite National Park like the back of his hand . "  Me and my dad have been hiking Yosemite every year since I was seven , " he said . Stoked to be back in the park again , Hermanson and three of his buddies loaded up the llamas and embarked August 20 on what was to have been a 60-mile hike from Leavitt Meadows to Lake Eleanor . The group was at Dorothy Lake -- about halfway into their trip -- when clouds started to roll in . At least that 's what they seemed to be . "  It looked like a thunderhead cloud , but it was smoke , " Hermanson said . "  It was just amazing . It looked surreal . " Wildfire threatens 90-year-old cabin Time to turn around Hermanson used a satellite phone to call his dad , who kept the group apprised as the wildfire gobbled up acres by the thousands . "  It was pretty bad in the evening , " Hermanson said . "  You could n't see the other side of the lake , the visibility was maybe 100 yards . " Dad said it was time to turn around . The fire was spreading to the end of the trail . "  We did n't feel endangered , " a disappointed Hermanson said . "  We were just engulfed with smoke . It seemed like the smoke got worse as it progressed . " What you need to know about wildfires ' A lot of work to be done ' Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . "  There 's a lot of concern , and there 's a lot of work to be done , " U.S. Forest Service spokesman Lee Bentley said . Firefighters have been able to build fire lines in several locations , officials say . The forecast is looking favorable as daytime highs sink into the 70s over the Labor Day weekend , a break from the temperatures in the high 80s firefighters were facing Wednesday . More than 20 helicopters and air tankers were aiding the efforts . Truck burns Herman says the group 's decision to abort their hike was a good one . The rendezvous truck they had left at the end of the trail was nothing by a burnt shell after the fire roared through Lake Eleanor . The group made it out safely on Monday . Hermanson 's dad provided the ride home for the crew . And the llamas ? "  They were sneezing a lot . I think they may have been bothered by the smoke . " Yosemite fire : Blaze spreads to national park CNN 's Dana Ford , Gary Tuchman and David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : The Rim Fire , which has burned nearly 200,000 acres , is 32 % contained "  It looked like a thunderhead cloud , but it was smoke , " hiker says of fire 's smoke Blaze has cost more than $ 39 million to date Forest Service chief says firefighting will continue for weeks
CNN  -- A 12-year-old accused with stabbing to death his 8-year-old sister at their Northern California home pleaded not guilty on Wednesday during an appearance in a Calaveras County juvenile court , his attorney told CNN . The boy -- who has not been named because of his age -- is charged with second-degree murder in connection with the killing . "  I say he is innocent , " the boy 's attorney , Mark Reichel , said . "  We are going to come back on July 31 to set a date for a trial on that day and we are getting into the issue of whether a 12-year-old can ever be put on trial for murder . " Leila Fowler and her brother were said to be alone on Saturday , April 27 , in their family 's Valley Springs home when she was found dead . The 12-year-old told police that he 'd seen an intruder leaving the home , then found his sister suffering from stab wounds . Sources : Suspect in sister 's death had knife at school The 8-year-old died minutes after arriving at a hospital , authorities said . After the incident , police offered a sketchy description of the suspect as a 6-foot-tall white or Hispanic male with a muscular build . They also interviewed registered sex offenders in the area , ran down leads and searched in attics , storage sheds and more in the rural , mountainous community located about 60 miles southeast of Sacramento . Authorities also combed the Fowler 's home and neighborhood looking for evidence . Then on May 11 , authorities arrested the boy . The boy 's family , according to the attorney , is supporting him . He is "  doing OK under tough circumstances , " Reichel said . Two adopted Utah brothers , 4 and 10 , found dead ; oldest brother arrested CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	A 12-year-old boy is accused of stabbing to death his 8-year-old sister The boy pleaded not guilty in a juvenile court in Calaveras County , California , an attorney says "  I say he is innocent , " the attorney says Attorney says he 'll raise the issue of whether a 12-year-old can be tried for murder
CNN  -- Before I explain why I believe the time has come to start a stop-the-war movement , I should say that I am not one of those intellectuals who has never worried about the fate of their loved ones or gotten his own boots dirty . My son completed a five-year stint in the U.S. 1st Armored Division . As an Israeli commando , I saw a lot of fighting during Israel 's war for independence . My unit started fighting with 1,100 members ; when the fighting stopped , 700 were dead and buried or wounded . And we killed all too many on the other side . I abhor war and believe we should fight only when there is a clear and present danger , when all other means for resolving a conflict have been truly exhausted and to protect the innocent . Those are the three criteria of a just war . The war in Afghanistan used to meet these criteria . It no longer does . We invaded Afghanistan to stop it from serving as a base for terrorists of the kind who attacked us on 9/11 . This goal has been accomplished . Fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda are in Afghanistan . There are many more in Yemen and Somalia , which we are not planning to invade . The Taliban has no designs on us , beyond making us leave . After that , the people of Afghanistan can duke it out over which kind of regime they want . If the majority of the Afghan people do n't want the Taliban to rule , they should fight for their rights , as they have shown they can when they defeated the Taliban in 2002 with limited help from us . Some claim that we must keep fighting to secure human rights , especially women 's rights , and a democratic regime in Afghanistan . However , nothing indicates that we can accomplish in this godforsaken 12th-century country what we did in Germany and Japan after World War II . See more opinion articles at CNN.com The metrics that the U.S. Army keeps inventing to show progress are pitiful . Having committed 100,000 troops and a similar number of "  private " contractors against rag-tag , poorly equipped , illiterate locals , we captured a few scores of square miles , opened a few markets and a local government or two . But large and growing areas of Afghanistan are under Taliban control . We should neither die nor kill for an illusion . Sometimes , a minor news item highlights a much greater issue . A recent report from an embedded reporter for GlobalPost shows a 19-year-old American soldier getting shot in the head -- his helmet saved him from death -- as his unit traveled through Kunar Province in late August . They were surveying polling sites for the upcoming elections . Also , a homemade bomb , called an IED , damaged and set afire the lead vehicle of this small convoy and severely wounded its driver . It seemed absurd to risk lives of Americans , our allies or Afghans to support faux elections . In many parts of the country , ballot stations could not be opened . In others , massive fraud took place . Adding insult to injury , we congratulated the Afghan government on holding "  successful " elections . That way , we did not have to admit to the world and each other that whatever the Karzai government is -- one of the most corrupt governments in the world , a foundation of a new narcostate -- democracy it ai n't , by a long shot . How much our entanglement in Afghanistan is turning into a sad farce became all too clear when President Obama flew to Kabul to tell Karzai that he ought to stop corruption . When , in response , Karzai started negotiating a peace deal with the Taliban , the White House rolled out the red carpet for Karzai and announced that from now on , the U.S. will focus on low-level corruption . Moreover , it turns out that major sources of corruption are our corporations and the CIA . It 's time to bring our troops home . To encourage our president and Congress to withdraw the troops , let 's fasten to our lapels white ribbons  for peace  with black letters  mourning those who died  that read "  Bring them home . " The time has come to organize teach-ins and antiwar groups . Instead of another march on Washington , let there be rallies across America . Bring the troops home . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni was Israeli commando , son served in U.S. 1st Armored Division Etzioni says U.S. goal , to rid Afghanistan of al Qaeda , has been met ; only 100 remain Etzioni says people should not die for fraudulent elections , corrupt regime Afghanistan must resolve Taliban issue itself , he writes , and U.S. should pull out
CNN  -- The proposal by the Cordoba Initiative to build an Islamic center near Ground Zero has drawn major media attention and engendered fierce debate . Right-wing political commentators , politicians , hard-line Christian ministers , bloggers and some families of 9/11 victims have charged that it is insensitive to 9/11 families , dishonors memories of the victims and will be a "  monument to terrorism . " But here are the facts : The center is not at Ground Zero but two blocks away , and the Cordoba Initiative seeks to build a center , not a mosque . The center is not designed as a local mosque for a Muslim community but rather to serve the wider community . It is meant to improve interfaith and Muslim-West relations and promote tolerance -- not just to provide services to Muslims . The proposed 15-story community center will include a prayer room , offices , meeting rooms , gym , swimming pool and performing arts center . The controversy over Cordoba House is not an isolated event . It is part of a much more far-reaching pattern and problem . Mosque construction in the United States has become a catalyst for increased anti-Islam and anti-Muslim sentiment , discrimination and hate crimes in recent years . Efforts to construct mosques to accommodate growing Muslim populations have sparked intense opposition . A commentary appearing in the New York Post last month attacked plans to construct mosques in the state of New York : " ... There 's no denying the elephant in the room . Neither is there any rejoicing over the mosques proposed for Sheepshead Bay , Staten Island and Ground Zero because where there are mosques , there are Muslims , and where there are Muslims , there are problems . " It continued : "  Before New York becomes New Yorkistan , it is worth noting that the capital of Great Britain was London until it became known as ` Londonstan , ' degenerated by a Muslim community predominantly from South Asia and Africa , whose first generation of ` British Asians ' has made the United Kingdom into a launching pad for terrorists . " In the face of such rhetoric , where do we go from here ? Globalization and an increasingly multicultural and multireligious America  and Europe  , with their significant Muslim populations , tests the mettle of Western democratic principles of free speech and freedom of worship . Unfortunately , American attitudes toward Islam and Muslims often blur the line between the peaceful and rational mainstream majority of Muslims on the one hand and the acts of a small but dangerous minority on the other . In some states , opposition to mosque construction has been led by politicians -- individuals charged with representing and upholding democratic values . In June 2010 , a Tennessee Republican candidate , Lou Ann Zelenik , opposed the Muslim community 's proposal to build a mosque in Murfreesboro , charging the Muslim center was not part of a religious movement , but a political one "  designed to fracture the moral and political foundation of Middle Tennessee . " She warned , "  Until the American Muslim community find it in their hearts to separate themselves from their evil , radical counterparts , to condemn those who want to destroy our civilization and will fight against them , we are not obligated to open our society to any of them . " The charge that Muslims do not condemn terrorism has been made repeatedly , despite that post-9 / 11 , many Muslim leaders and organizations in America and globally have consistently denounced acts of terrorism . But major media outlets do not seem to find them newsworthy , and thus they must be found in smaller outlets on the internet . Even though major polls by the Gallup Organization and PEW research center show that the vast majority of American Muslims are well-integrated and , in contrast to many Muslim countries , pluralistic in outlook , a 2006 USAToday-Gallup poll found that substantial minorities of Americans admit to having negative feelings or prejudices against Muslims . Fewer than half the respondents believed U.S. Muslims are loyal to the United States . About four in 10 favored more rigorous security measures for Muslims than those used for other U.S. citizens and requiring Muslims who are U.S. citizens to carry a special ID and undergo special , more intensive , security checks before boarding airplanes in the United States . Islam-bashing charges leveled with no concrete evidence by pundits and politicians ring hollow . The call by some New York politicians for a delay in the construction of the Cordoba Center to examine its funding is simply grandstanding that reinforces the notion that somehow all Muslims , mosques and Islamic centers are guilty until proved innocent . Muslim center flap recalls earlier N.Y. controversy over Arabic-language school Why should Muslims who are building a center be any more suspect than Jews who build a synagogue or center or Christians who build a church or conference center ? As New York 's Mayor Michael Bloomberg put it : "  If somebody wants to build a religious house of worship , they should do it and we should n't be in the business of picking which religions can and which religions ca n't . I think it 's fair to say if somebody was going to try to on that piece of property build a church or a synagogue , nobody would be yelling and screaming . And the fact of the matter is that Muslims have a right to do it , too . " Muslims are part of the mosaic of America , citizens and believers who are economically , educationally and politically integrated . No longer predominantly new arrivals , many are second - and third-generation citizens . Despite terrorist attacks by a very small but dangerous minority of extremists , the majority of Muslims , like their non-Muslim fellow citizens , are loyal citizens . Islamophobia must be recognized for what it is , a social cancer as unacceptable as anti-Semitism , a threat to the very fabric of our democratic , pluralistic way of life . The line that distinguishes Islam from those who commit violence and terror in the name of Islam -- between the majority of mainstream Muslims and the acts of a minority of Muslim terrorists -- must be maintained . Blurring these distinctions risks the adoption of foreign and domestic policies that promote a clash rather than co-existence of cultures and threaten the rights and civil liberties of Muslims . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John L. Esposito .	John Esposito says there 's fierce debate over Muslim center planned near Ground Zero Esposito : Cordoba House is meant to improve interfaith connections in community Polls show many Americans leery of Muslims ; they also show Muslims integrated , loyal to U.S. Esposito : Opposition to center goes against democratic principles , is Islamophobic
The Frisky  -- Summer fashion mistakes are committed by men as well as by women ; however , the difference is your man may not understand how to correct his fashion faux pas . Ladies , your man should look "  hot " during the summer instead of a fashion "  not . " Please do your man a favor  and all of the women who will see him this summer  by not letting him leave home when he 's bound to get arrested by the fashion police . We have five ways to keep your man looking good in spite of himself . The Frisky : 20 things that make a man 1 . No socks with sandals . Unless your man is 80 -- and even then it looks ridiculous , but exceptions are made for the elderly -- he should never wear socks with sandals . Furthermore , flip-flops should be reserved for the beach and the pool , not out to dinner at a nice restaurant . Wearing flip-flops with socks is the ultimate sin . The Frisky : 8 tips to survive moving in together 2 . No Speedos . Speaking of the beach , with the exception of Gilles Marini , men should avoid wearing a tiny Speedo swimsuit . Very few men , short of those with personal trainers or Greek gods in their family tree , can pull off the banana hammock successfully . The Frisky : 4 myths about women that just are n't true 3 . No short-sleeve dress shirts . A short-sleeve dress shirt and tie do not look good on a first grade boy for school pictures , much less a grown man . Roll his long sleeves up and cuff them for a sexy look this summer . 4 . No tank tops . Women may look sexy in tank tops ; however , on men , tank tops are reserved for "  Jersey Shore " meatheads , which your man is n't . Right ? Ladies , stop him before he commits one of the worst fashion mistakes . T-shirts were invented for a reason . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 5 . No self-tanner . A man who has tried to apply self-tanning lotion looks more like a cartoon character than a beach model . Take your man to the beach and slather on the SPF for a natural glow ; hit the tanning salon to get the fake stuff done professionally -- but never let him near a bottle of self-tanner . Never . That stuff takes a while to wash off . The Frisky : 6 steps for making a man fall in love TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Men can commit fashion mistakes in the summer , columnist says Women should help their guys by pointing out the errors of certain clothes Rare is the man who looks good in a tiny little Speedo swimsuit Socks should NOT be worn with sandals , unless you 're over 80
CNN  -- "  Real photographers do n't take photographs , they make photographs , " says Eileen Ramsay , who is widely regarded as one of the world 's great yachting photographers . The feisty 96-year-old Brit should know . A pioneer in her field , she is credited with being the first yachting photographer to shun the safety of the tripod and compose her pictures while dangling off the side of a boat -- all in quest for the ultimate action shot . "  Other photographers would stand in the middle of their boats taking pictures of big yachts with plate cameras , so I developed my own style -- taking my pictures as close to the water as possible , " recalls Ramsay . Water-level photography , now an industry standard , quickly became her signature shot , but it was neither easy nor cheap . While adamant that she never dropped one of her German-made Rollerflex cameras overboard , the saltwater took its toll on her equipment nonetheless . "  I used to make sure I shielded the camera under my buttoned-up anorak , but the saltwater would still get to it . Even though I cleaned them after each session , they would quickly get stiff because of all the salt , " says Ramsay , whose career has been immortalized in a new book by fellow photo-journalist and Brit Barry Pickthall . Read related : $ 16m solar boat sails into record books It has taken Pickthall over a year to complete the glossy hard-back book , regally titled "  Eileen Ramsay : Queen of Yachting " . "  It only took so long because Eileeen was so prolific . She kept immaculate records of her work and she remembers every photograph she 's ever taken , which meant that she would immediately pick up on things if I did n't get it right , " says Pickthall , a former yachting correspondent who now runs a photo agency that specializes in nautical photography . Drawn to picture-taking from a young age , Ramsay began her professional career in 1937 as a 22-year-old receptionist at a photography studio outside London . But as war clouds gathered across Europe and the call to arms began , the owner of the studio discovered that his personal services would be required to record the impending conflict , so he gave each of his staff a camera and told them to go out and take some "  interesting " photographs . The one to come back with the best pictures would take over the studio in his absence during the war . "  I did n't know anything about cameras then , but my pictures were judged the best and I got the job , " says Ramsay , who spent the war years honing her skills in portrait photography by taking pictures of soldiers and their girlfriends . After the war she decided to go at it alone and set up her own studio in London , taking on any commissions that came her way from magazines and newspapers . In 1953 , she and her boyfriend decided to move closer to the ocean , and after purchasing a 28 foot  8.5 meter  ex-Royal Air Force boat that they moored at the end of their garden , she set out to make her mark in the nautical world . Sailing enjoyed a post-war explosion in Britain , and it was during the 1950s and 60s that Ramsay 's yachting photography career really took off . It 's this period that Pickthall has tried to capture in his book . More from Mainsail : When superyacht chic meets hybrid technology "  I feel it 's very important to save Eileen 's archive . Her early pictures of our sailing pioneers have great significance when recording Britain 's sailing history , " says Pickthall , adding that grown men were "  moved to tears " at the sight of her original photos , which he brought to a boat exhibition last year . "  All these people were gobsmacked , they could n't believe these photos existed . They kept spotting themselves as children as they flicked through her albums , " says Pickthall . As for Ramsay , she is not fazed by her new moniker as the "  Queen of Yachting " . "  I knew I was original back then , " she says bluntly , before adding : "  You know , when you are 96 years of age , nothing can really faze you . "	Eileeen Ramsey began her professional career as a 22-year-old in 1937 She pioneered the water-level photography angle , now an industry standard Her career took off in the 1950s and 1960s when sailing enjoyed a post-war explosion in Britain
CNN  -- Moroccans voted Friday to approve a referendum on constitutional reforms that would weaken the king 's powers and boost those of the government . The referendum was approved by 98.49 % of voters , the country 's interior minister said . Despite a particularly warm day , more than 70 % of the country 's 13 million registered voters turned out to decide on the referendum , Interior Minister Taieb Cherkaoui said . "  I voted yes because I agree with the proposed changes , " said Rachida Khalil of Casablanca . "  There is still a lot of work to be done , like appointing of a completely new government , but I am very hopeful . " King Mohammed VI announced the referendum in a rare address to the nation last month , after a series of unprecedented protests swept the North African country . Under the referendum , voters are empowered to select a prime minister , ending the longstanding practice in which the king has selected his own man for the job . The prime minister has tended to take his lead from the sovereign on key matters of state . Over recent months , thousands of young Moroccans have taken to the streets , inspired by the Arab Spring . The youth-based February 20 Movement wants jobs and an end to corruption its members say stems from royal cronies . It had urged its supporters to boycott the referendum on the constitution , saying it fails to meet their demands . The countries biggest political parties , including the Islamist Justice and Development Party  PJD  , the Socialist Union of Popular Forces  USFP  and the conservative Istiqlal party , had asked their supporters to vote "  yes " to the proposed changes . "  Although this project may seem to some non-revolutionary , it has the advantage to make the parties face their responsibilities . It forces them to make their own cultural revolution , " said Industry Member Ahmed Reda Chami , a member of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces party . The revamped draft constitution will make officials more accountable , the Parliament in Rabat more dynamic and will give the government greater powers , the 47-year-old king said when he announced the referendum on June 17 . The new prime minister would have new powers in decision-making and in day-to-day management -- relieving the king of a number of duties and aligning the style of management along the lines followed by some European Union countries . In an example of power sharing , the draft constitution empowers the prime minister to dissolve the House of Representatives , and stresses that the king shall consult him before announcing the dissolution of Parliament . "  It specifies the conditions to be observed in each case in order to ensure the separation of powers as well as balance and cooperation between the branches , " the king said . "  The idea is to establish democratic institutions where all active parties participate and bring in prosperity . " Under the reforms , Morocco will also have an independent judiciary and provide equal rights for women . Analysts , however , question whether the proposed change will prove sufficient . The reforms "  appear to be genuine , " wrote Joel Hirst , an international affairs fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . But "  the security apparatus , cabinet positions and religious appointments remain under the finger of the king . " "  For a country that has been accused of human right abuses in the past , these reforms for some do not go far enough , " he added . "  The king may well have succeeded in staying ahead of the protest that has led to the demise of the regimes in Tunisia and Egypt and plunged Libya , Syria , Yemen , and Bahrain into turmoil and violence , " said Marina Ottaway , director of the Middle East program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Whether this is just a short-lived victory in the first skirmish of a long battle or a turning point on the road to transforming Morocco into the Arab world 's first constitutional monarchy will depend not only on how the king acts in the coming months , but also on the capacity and willingness of Moroccan political organizations to build on the opportunities the constitution offers them , " Ottaway wrote . "  It may also depend to some extent on the persistence of a protest movement that has so far not been able to mobilize the huge crowds seen in Tunisia and Egypt , " she stressed . CNN 's Elise Labott and journalist Aida Alami contributed to this report .	NEW : Referendum is passed by 98.49 % of voters The changes would give more power to the prime minister and Parliament Morocco has been swept by protests , inspired by the Arab Spring Some protesters say the proposed reforms do not go far enough
Washington  CNN  -- On this day 100 years ago , troops in the city of Wuchang , in China 's Hubei province , launched a coup against local authorities . The coup ignited a civil war that ended in the collapse of China 's 2,200-year-old imperial system . When a republican government established itself in 1912 , it designated October 10 as the national holiday . Even now , "  Ten-Ten Day " remains the equivalent of the Fourth of July of the island of Taiwan and for many overseas Chinese communities . On the mainland , however , the Ten-Ten holiday has always been a more ambiguous affair , and so it remains on this centenary . The Los Angeles Times reported : "  The government held low-key celebrations Sunday marking the centennial anniversary of the revolution that ended thousands of years of imperial rule and set the stage for the birth of today 's China . Chinese President Hu Jintao and other dignitaries gathered in Beijing 's Great Hall of the People , under a giant portrait of Sun Yat-sen , the first president of the Republic of China -- the name still carried by modern-day Taiwan . Hu called for the peaceful reunification of China and Taiwan and reiterated his opposition to Taiwanese independence . " Beyond this political lecture , however , the anniversary was observed in remarkably muted style . A new museum opened in Wuhan . A historical movie was aired on state TV . Some events will be held in the hometown of Sun Yat-Sen , the revolution 's moral leader and the first president of the Chinese republic . But there 's nothing remotely on the scale of the 2010 Shanghai Expo , let alone the 2008 Olympics . And after all , that diffident approach should come as no surprise . Although the present government of China touts its nationalist credentials , it was born in rebellion -- not against imperial overlords , not against colonialist oppressors , not against Japanese invaders , but precisely against the inheritors of the republic established by the events of 1911 : the Kuomintang party created by Sun Yat-Sen . The memory of 1911 is embarrassing in many other ways to the present government . 1911 was a revolution inspired by ideals of democracy and personal liberty . Those ideals are cynically disregarded -- or brutally suppressed -- by China 's present government . 1911 was a revolution in defense of traditional Chinese culture against a foreign dynasty , Manchurians who had ruled in China since 1644 . But who has done more damage to traditional Chinese culture than the regime in place since 1949 ? And not only to the bulldozed monuments of China , but to the country 's inheritance of art and scholarship , reviled and massacred in the Cultural Revolution . A country ruled by people who took power by violence -- and now hold power by repression -- is not a country that dares look honestly at its past . A year ago , I had the opportunity to visit a museum of the Cultural Revolution in Guangdong province , one of only two such in the entire vastness of the country . It was an against-the-odds achievement that the museum could be built at all , but the price of building it was to tell the story in a way that focused almost exclusively on the victimization of some members of the Communist Party by other members . The authors of the museum bought the freedom to tell a portion of the story by suppressing all the rest . As for the other traumas of China 's recent history -- including the terrible self-inflicted famine culminating in mass cannibalism that goes by the mocking name "  the Great Leap Forward " -- they can only be whispered , if they are discussed at all . The man guilty of those terrible atrocities , Mao Tse-tung , still overlooks Beijing from a giant portrait over Tiananmen Square . So long as the leaders of China trace their power to Mao 's legacy , that long will China be obliged to lie to itself about its history . "  The struggle of man against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting . " So wrote Milan Kundera about the communist regimes of central Europe . His words apply as aptly to the regime that governs our planet 's most populous nation and most ancient continuing civilization . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Monday marks 100th anniversary of revolution against China 's imperial system David Frum says the Chinese leaders are n't confronting truth of that event He says China 's regime spurns ideals of democracy and liberty
CNN  -- Fifty-three people were killed in a 72-hour span in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , making it one of the deadliest three-day periods in recent memory , state attorney general 's office spokesman Arturo Sandoval told CNN Sunday . Among the dead were four police officers from three different agencies , Sandoval said . "  This is the worst violence we 've seen this year , " he said , referring to the three days from Thursday through Saturday . The bloodshed started on Thursday with 14 people killed , including a municipal police officer . Friday was the most violent day , leaving 20 people dead . A municipal police officer was killed by an assassin who belonged to a band of carjackers . Hours later , a state police investigator was executed on his drive home . On Saturday , a highway police officer was killed by a driver who confronted the patrolman after the officer gave him a ticket . The officer was shot 10 times at close range in the middle of the afternoon . In all , 19 people were killed that day in separate shootings throughout the city . Elsewhere Sunday , Mexico 's Public Security Secretariat reported that 13 taxi drivers were killed in the resort town of Acapulco in a rash of violence that began early Friday . Suspected drug traffickers are believed to be behind the violence , setting cars ablaze and destroying street lights and security cameras . Among the casualties , a human head was discovered on a street and another body was found near a charred vehicle . The security office said four people were arrested in connection with the killings , and an investigation is ongoing . Juarez is one of Mexico 's deadliest cities and an epicenter of drug cartel violence . The Juarez cartel and the Sinaloa cartel are fighting a bloody turf war in the region for lucrative smuggling routes , and for drug-dealing territory in the city . The sudden spike in violence left the city morgue overwhelmed . There were issues with where to store the bodies . In light of the violence , Juarez Mayor Hector "  Teto " Murguia is expected to name a new municipal police chief on Monday , local newspapers reported . Municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez told CNN he has read those reports , but that the police department has no official confirmation that a new chief will be appointed . "  At this time we continue serving our current boss until we are given new orders , " Sanchez said . In the first 40 days of 2011 , Juarez is averaging eight homicides per day , Sandoval said . Also , in February , at least 24 women have been killed in 20 days . CNN 's Berta Ramos contributed to this report	NEW : Rash of killings is also reported in Acapulco Ciudad Juarez is one of the deadliest cities in Mexico Authorities say 53 people were killed between Thursday and Saturday This includes four police officers from three different agencies
CNN  -- Tension brewed Wednesday between the United Nations and Syrian rebels after about 30 rebels detained 21 U.N. peacekeepers and refused to let them go . The U.N. , in turn , is demanding they be released . The rebels contend that the peacekeepers entered a Syrian village near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , an area where peacekeepers should not be and where intense fighting has been raging for days between rebels and government forces . The rebels say they suspect the peacekeepers were trying to aid their enemy , which is defending the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . The United Nations confirmed the peacekeepers ' detention and explained that the peacekeepers were on a "  regular supply mission . " The U.N. offered no further details of that mission but said it is "  dispatching a team to assess the situation and attempt a resolution . " Israel says it wo n't intervene in Syrian-U.N. incident There are two videos rebels posted on YouTube that present the rebels ' point of view . In one , a rebel insists that the peacekeepers will be held until al-Assad 's forces withdraw from the village of al-Jamlah , where there has been heavy fighting . "  We demand from America , U.N. and the Security Council to intervene and get al-Assad forces to withdraw , then we will release these detainees , " the rebels say . The other video shows rebels walking near several U.N. trucks . "  This U.N. force entered Jamlah village to assist the regime ... and  the U.N. is  claiming that they are here just to stop the clashing , " a rebel says . Members of the U.N. Security Council condemned the detainment and demanded the peacekeepers be released . The 21 peacekeepers are Filipino , the Philippine government said Thursday . "  The apprehension and illegal detention of the Filipino peacekeepers are gross violations of international law , " Foreign Affairs Secretary Albert del Rosario said in a statement . The peacekeepers are reportedly unharmed , and negotiations are underway to secure their safe release , the Philippine government said . The Department of Foreign Affairs said said it is coordinating efforts with the United Nations ' peacekeeping agency . The rebels posted on Facebook a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the leaders of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation and the League of Arab States . "  What is happening  is a  genocide for the Syrian people with the world watching and listening  and  will lead to the gravest consequences , " they wrote . "  The blood of the people of Syria will be a curse on the whole world if there " is "  no effective action , " it said . The letter pointed out that the city of Homs is under constant bombardment . There has been "  hardly a Syrian village spared from the regime bombing " the letter said . "  This might be the last message to you , " it warns . "  I call on you all to bear your international responsibilities before God and the people . " The letter is signed by Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib , the president of the Syrian National Coalition , an umbrella body of anti-Assad rebels . Opinion : Syrian refugee crisis ` spiralling out of control ' Deadly explosion hits rebel city Violence continued to plague the country this week , as Syria marked the second anniversary of the war . At least 62 people died across the nation Wednesday . Also on Wednesday , a massive explosion ripped through the city of Raqqa , two days after rebels claim to have captured this provincial capital . "  Honestly , I cried when I saw the bodies . It 's the first time I witnessed such ugly images , " said Ahmed Tayar , a writer and resident of Raqqa who saw the aftermath of the mysterious blast . Tayar , 50 , told CNN he saw 19 burned bodies at the scene of the blast . An uncut , six-and-a-half-minute amateur video of the immediate aftermath of the explosion showed panicked rebel fighters and civilians racing to pick up several wounded and apparently dead men . In the video , two middle-age men lay bleeding in the street next to scattered oranges and tomatoes that they appeared to have been carrying . Smoke billowed in the distance from a burning car . The entire facade of a nearby three-story building appeared to have been blown off by the force of the blast . It 's not clear what caused the explosion , but supporters of the opposition were quick to blame the Syrian government for the blast . "  I thinks it 's the regime who killed those people , and that is because the regime wants to take revenge against Raqqa because that it 's the first province that was fully liberated , " Tayar told CNN . On Tuesday , eyewitnesses told CNN residents were fleeing rebel-controlled Raqqa , as government war planes bombed targets in the city . "  While we were there , there were two MiG fighter jets running above us that were throwing down missiles , " said Ibrahim Olabi , an activist with the Aleppo Media Center , after he visited Raqqa on Tuesday . "  There were no ground clashes , " he added , "  but only airstrikes from above . " Read the latest news on CNN.com CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Richard Roth , Ivan Watson and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	Syrian rebels are holding 21 U.N. peacekeepers near Golan Heights The Philippines says the peacekeepers are Filipino The U.N. is demanding their release , saying they were on a "  regular supply mission " A massive explosion ripped through the city of Raqqa , but the cause is unclear
CNN  -- The Kurdish region of Iraq has seen gains in human rights , but security forces "  regularly abuse their authority " and women continue to be targets of violence , Amnesty International said Tuesday . Iraqi Kurds mark International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women in November 2008 . The international human rights group drew the conclusions in a report titled "  Hope and Fear , Human Rights in Kurdistan Region of Iraq . " The Kurdish region has been an island of relative stability during the Iraq war , and the report said it has "  witnessed growing prosperity " and has made progress in human rights . But serious problems remain , Amnesty said . Asayish forces , as the local security forces are called , arrested and arbitrarily detained people , "  including some who were tortured or forcibly disappeared and whose fate and whereabouts remain unknown , " the report said . The report said the torture included electric shocks , sleep deprivation , kicking , suspension by the wrists and ankles , and beatings with fists , cables and batons . Malcolm Smart , Amnesty 's director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme , said the Kurdistan Regional Government "  must take concrete steps to rein in these forces and make them fully accountable under the law if recent human rights gains are to prove effective . " Amnesty said that Kurdish authorities have also failed to control the security wings of the Kurdistan Democratic Party and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , the two major Kurdish political movements that make up the regional government . The report , based on research from a fact-finding mission last year , said the Kurdistan Regional Government has made progress in human rights , citing , for example , the release of political prisoners detained without charges or trial . It also cites legislation expanding freedom of expression and measures that strengthen women 's rights , and said several agencies are working to monitor and prevent violence against women . But Smart said problems such as "  arbitrary detention and torture , attacks on journalists and freedom of expression , and violence against women " have n't ended and "  need urgently to be addressed by the government . " As for abuse against women , authorities must "  redouble their efforts to overcome discrimination and violence against women , " he said , "  and end the vicious cycle of so-called honor killings and other attacks on women by men who wish to subordinate them . " According to official records , the report said , at least 102 women and girls were killed between the beginning of July 2007 and the end of June 2008 in the region . "  These include an unknown number of ` honor killings ' -- women who were killed by male relatives because their behavior was considered to have infringed traditional codes of ` honor . ' Victims of ` honor crimes ' include women who have objected to being forcibly married as well as women who were found having telephone contact with a man without approval of their family , " the report said . The report said 262 women and children "  died or were severely injured in the same period due to intentional burning , including suicides . Some women were reported to have been burned to disguise a killing . " The report cites one woman who was strangled to death apparently by her brother "  because of her suspected relationship with another man . " A 17-year-old female "  was shot dead after she sought a divorce from her husband . " A 13-year-old girl burned herself to death "  to escape forcible marriage to an adult man . " "  Such cases show how much more still needs to be done by the KRG authorities to give women and girls effective protection against violence from those who wish to control their behavior or force them into marriages against their will , " Smart said . "  No effort should be spared to prosecute and imprison those who commit violence against women , and to make clear that those who perpetrate these crimes can not escape justice . " The report also said that emerging independent press outlets that have criticized the KRG or have focused on the security forces , human rights violations and government corruption have been harassed . Journalists "  have been detained , beaten and harassed " by security forces , and several newspapers have been sued by the KRG .	Kurdish security forces arbitrarily detain , torture people , Amnesty International says Government has made progress in human rights , but problems remain , agency says Honor killings , other attacks on women need to end , it says Journalists have been detained , beaten and harassed by security forces , report says
Washington  CNN  -- Federal authorities arrested more than 50 suspects Wednesday and smashed what they describe as an Armenian-American organized crime enterprise engaged in a nationwide scheme to defraud the Medicare program . The Justice Department indicted 73 individuals in New York and four other states for allegedly defrauding Medicare and other health care programs of an estimated $ 163 million . The government said 44 defendants were indicted in New York , along with 10 in California , seven in New Mexico , six in Ohio and six in Georgia . Indictments said the schemes included billing Medicare from phantom clinics for unnecessary medical services , or services never performed . "  The emergence of international organized crime in domestic health care fraud schemes signals a dangerous expansion that poses a serious threat to consumers as these syndicates are willing to exploit almost any program , business , or individual to earn an illegal profit , " said Acting Deputy Attorney General Gary Grindler . By midday Wednesday , federal agents had taken at least 52 of the suspects into custody . According to a multiple-agency announcement , the charges ranged from fraud and conspiracy to money laundering , identity theft and immigration fraud . Maximum penalties upon conviction range from 10 years to life in prison . Justice prosecutors said the defendants would be tried in the five states where they were indicted .	Group is described as an Armenian-American crime enterprise 73 people in five states indicted ; more than 50 in custody so far Authorities say the schemes defrauded Medicare of $ 163 million
Having not seen or heard from her daughter in two weeks , Alexis Murphy 's mother said in a CNN interview she is keeping strong with support from family and friends . "  A mother would know if her daughter is really gone , but I still have hope , " Laura Murphy said . Alexis Murphy was last seen at a gas station earlier this month . Police have arrested a suspect in her abduction , but the suspect 's attorney told a CNN affiliate his client split ways with the 17-year-old after a drug deal . Murphy 's disappearance set off a search that extended 30 miles outside of Lovingston , Virginia , and involved helicopters , search parties with canine units , the Nelson County Sheriff 's Office , Virginia State Police and FBI . Where is Alexis Murphy ? Alexis left her Shipman , Virginia , home to visit Lynchburg on August 3 , and police have surveillance video showing her at a Lovingston gas station , according to affiliate WVIR-TV in Charlottesville . Randy Taylor , 48 , was seen on the video and was arrested in her abduction Sunday , police told CNN affiliate WRC-TV , but Taylor 's attorney , Michael Hallahan , told WVIR that Taylor was arrested because they found one of Alexis ' hairs in his camper . The attorney also told WVIR his client was n't the last person to see Alexis and that police need to be looking for a "  black male , mid - to late-20s , cornrows and a 20-year-old burgundy Caprice with 22-inch wheels . " Taylor saw the girl the night she disappeared , the lawyer said . They were both parked at the gas pumps , and Alexis made a reference to smoking marijuana , Hallahan said . Taylor told her he 'd like some marijuana , the attorney said . "  She said , ' I know a guy . ' She told him to meet at another location in Lovingston and they rode up there in both cars , " the lawyer told the station . That "  guy , " Alexis and Taylor all took separate cars to Taylor 's camper in Lovingston , where Taylor bought $ 60 worth of marijuana . The men smoked and drank together , but Murphy did not , the attorney said . Alexis and the unidentified man left before sundown , and that was the last Taylor saw of either of them , Hallahan told WVIR . Hallahan further told the station there is DNA evidence of the unidentified man -- in the form of a 12-ounce Icehouse bottle -- in the camper . Alexis was last seen wearing a pink blouse , floral spandex pants and brown boots , according to WRC . She was carrying a gray purse . Her 2003 Nissan Maxima was found August 6 in the parking lot of a movie theater near Charlottesville . The teen 's aunt , Trina Murphy , told CNN she bought a car from a dealership where Taylor used to work , "  which is really eerie . " Another relative , Angela Taylor , described her as a "  girly girl " and told WVIR that the volleyball player had just taken her senior pictures and was looking at colleges . "  She was just looking forward to everything , excited for everything , and for this to happen is just completely out of character for her , " Taylor told the station . The hope that missing children are not lost	Alexis Murphy , 17 , disappeared August 3 , according to CNN affiliates Suspect says through lawyer he was not last person to see the teen Attorney says police should look for a man with cornrows , Caprice -- The senior volleyball player was looking at colleges , her aunt tells station
CNN  -- Once a haven for painters seduced by its rich colors , Marrakech is back on track to become a world-leading destination for photographers thanks to the arrival of a major new museum . Despite the reluctance of many in the city to have their image captured on film , the city already enjoys a strong relationship with the camera . It 's the only place in Morocco that can boast an art venue -- Galerie 127 -- that exclusively exhibits photographs . Recently it hosted an opening , at the Gallery David Bloch , by prestigious photographer Steve McCurry . Major photography museum on the way The city 's photography scene is likely to explode over the next few years as it prepares for the 2016 arrival of the Marrakech Museum for Photography and Visual Arts . When it opens , the MMP + , as it 's known , is expected to be the largest space for photography and digital visual media in the world . The imposing building will exhibit images from the 19th century alongside contemporary artists from around the world . The ambition of the museum is to become a cultural attraction for the millions of visitors that come every year to the Red City . MMP + 's cultural manager Mostafa Aghrib says the city is the perfect place to locate a major photography museum because it 's retained its authenticity at the same time as becoming an economic and cultural player . "  Marrakech inspires photographers , it is abuzz with Moroccan and worldwide creativity , and for all these reasons we thought is was useful to open it in this city , " he told CNN . The museum already has a temporary home inside the ancient walls of Marrakech 's el Badi Palace and has hosted exhibitions including one by five photographers from the Magnum agency : Mikhael Subotzky , Jim Goldberg , Susan Meiselas , Abbas and Mark Power . Tricky subjects Ironically for a city set to become an international photography hub -- and which looks so good on film -- taking photographs in Marrakech is n't always easy . Many Moroccans , here more so than further south , do n't like to be photographed and they wo n't hesitate to make it known . It 's not impossible to capture beautiful moments . Here are some tips on avoiding embarrassment : Small is best The bigger the equipment is , the more noticeable the photographer . Walking through narrow streets of the old medina with a bulky professional camera , a tripod and a bag full of lenses is the easiest way to spook potential subjects . Modern compact cameras are lighter , more discreet and can often do a better job with street photography . Being bold gets results In Marrakech , I sometimes ask people for permission to take their photo , explaining that it 's more an artistic approach than a journalistic one . Then I just wait for this perfect moment when they forget I 'm there and get the photograph I want without disturbing anyone . So does staying hidden The complete opposite of the previous tip , but sometimes stolen moments are the most natural and the best . It 's not always possible to avoid being spotted by the people being photographed , but a polite attitude and a smile can work wonders . Follow the light In addition to Marrakech 's countless attractions , weather is one of the main reasons tourists visit the Red City -- and it 's definitely a plus for photographers . There are clear skies almost daily , meaning that when the sun is at its zenith , walks through the alleys of the old medina will be beautifully lit . Not to mention the sunsets . The best spots Whether the subject is a person a group or beautiful landscape , location is everything . It 's easy to get close to people in the main square , Jemaa el Fna , but photographers should n't be surprised if they get asked for money in exchange of their masterpiece -- this mostly applies to snake charmers and monkey trainers . The rooftops of cafes and restaurants surrounding this square offer commanding views of the marketplace and glorious sunsets . Here are some of my favorite places : Le Grand Balcon Cafe  northwest corner of the square  : The service is n't five star , but the view over both sides of the square propels it to the top of the list . Pearl Hotel  Angle Avenue , Echouhada et Rue du Temple , Hivernage , Marrakech ; +212 0 524 42 42 42  has a rooftop terrace with a panoramic view over the city and the Atlas Mountains . Palmeraie Circuit : This riverside road to the north of the city is another good place for sunsets , this time with silhouetted palm trees in the foreground . The old medina : Best appreciated without a map since getting lost in the labyrinthine backstreets of Marrakech is the best way to escape tourist traps . Place of the Seven Saints  Avenue 11 Janvier , Marrakech  : Still largely unknown by tourists , these seven towers , each topped by a tree , were built in 2005 in honor of Marrakech 's seven patron saints . And finally ... One note of caution : taking photographs of government buildings is forbidden and can result in arrest . Ali Berrada is a Moroccan photographer , writer and director .	With strong sunlight and plenty of color , Marrakech is a photographer 's dream In 2016 , the city will be home to the world 's largest photography exhibition It 's recommended to work with a smaller , less obvious camera to avoid spooking local subjects
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari signed into law Monday a peace deal for the nation 's violence-plagued Swat Valley , according to a presidential spokesman . Women wearing burqas in North West Frontier Province . The deal implements Islamic law , or sharia , in the Swat Valley region of North West Frontier Province . Last week , pro-Taliban cleric Sufi Mohammad announced he was pulling out of a peace deal for Swat Valley , saying the government was not serious about implementing Islamic law , or sharia , in the region . Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik said Saturday the peace deal remained intact . Mohammad brokered a cease-fire in February between the Pakistani government and his son-in-law , Maulana Fazlullah , who commands the Taliban in Swat Valley . Although details of the deal were not immediately available , it was understood that the area will come under the Taliban 's strict interpretation of sharia . The central government has little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July 2008 to flush out militants from areas of the North West Frontier Province . As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks , beheadings and destruction of girls ' schools . They also continued to gain ground , setting up checkpoints throughout the area . Pakistan is under enormous pressure to control the militants within its borders . The militants are blamed for launching attacks in neighboring Afghanistan , where U.S. and NATO forces are fighting militants . Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations . It is near the Afghanistan border and is 186 miles  300 kilometers  from the capital , Islamabad .	Presidential spokesman says deal gives sharia law a role in Swat Valley Valley is wracked by violence ; central government has little influence in the region Last week , pro-Taliban cleric said government not serious about allowing sharia law Swat Valley is about 300km from Islamabad and near the Afghan border
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted on Tuesday a resolution condemning North Korea 's recent rocket launch and expanding existing U.N. sanctions . "  This resolution demonstrates to North Korea that there are unanimous and significant consequences for its flagrant violation of its obligations under previous resolutions , " the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , told reporters after the vote . Read more : Huge crowds gather in North Korean capital to celebrate rocket launch "  More importantly , the provisions of this resolution -- both new sanctions and the tightening and expanding of existing measures -- concretely help to impede the growth of North Korea 's  weapons of mass destruction  program and reduce the threat of proliferation by targeting entities and individuals directly involved in these programs , " she said . Specifically , the resolution imposes sanctions on a handful of North Korean companies , a bank and its space agency . Four individuals also were added to the blacklist . Read more : U.S. official : North Korea likely deceived U.S. , allies before launching rocket Pyongyang has previously pressed ahead with rocket launches and nuclear tests despite international sanctions . In December , North Korea angered many in the international community by launching a long-range rocket that appeared to put a satellite in orbit , a breakthrough for the reclusive , nuclear-equipped state . Read more : South Korean officials : North Korean rocket could hit U.S. mainland The rocket successfully blasted off from a space center on the country 's west coast and delivered a satellite into its intended orbit , the North Korean regime said . The launch followed a botched attempt in April and came just days after Pyongyang suggested a planned launch could be delayed . Many nations , such as the United States and South Korea , considered the rocket launch to be a cover for testing ballistic missile technology . Pyongyang has insisted its aim was to place a scientific satellite in space "  for peaceful purposes . " Read more : North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch "  Today 's resolution makes clear that there will be an increasingly steep price to pay if North Korea again chooses confrontation with this council and the international community , " Rice said . North Korea 's Foreign Ministry issued a response to the Security Council 's action , saying it will maintain its military power and continue to launch "  peaceful satellites . " "  We will continue to expand and strengthen our self-defensive military power , including nuclear deterrence , to cope with U.S. 's scheme of putting  on  sanction pressures , " said the statement , which was carried by KCNA , North Korea 's state news agency . Read more : North Korea 's rocket launches cost $ 1.3 billion North Korea also said it is open to peace talks but would not discuss giving up its nuclear weapons . "  In the future , there could be talks about the peace and stability of the Korean Peninsula , but there wo n't be any dialogue regarding  the  denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , " the statement said . South Korea said its northern neighbor should "  halt any additional provocation , and it should clarify its effort of denuclearization through specific action . " South Korea also said that it did not see any unusual movement from North Korea after the resolution was passed . "  As of 10 a.m.  Wednesday  Korea time  8 p.m. ET Tuesday  , no unusual movements were observed , " said Unification Ministry spokeswoman Park Soo-jin . North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S. CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea will continue to launch satellites , Foreign Ministry says A resolution condemning North Korea 's recent rocket launch is unanimously approved "  It  makes clear that there will be an increasingly steep price to pay , " says Susan Rice U.S. believes launch tested ballistic missile technology ; North Korea says it was for science
CNN  -- The number of lightning-related injuries and fatalities has been rising in recent weeks as stormy weather sweeps across the United States . Ten spectators were struck by lightning Sunday in Long Pond , Pennsylvania , at the NASCAR race at Pocono Raceway , leaving one man dead , a track official said . Another man died in Florida Monday after being hit by lightning as he sought shelter from an oncoming storm , local media reported . According to the National Weather Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association , an average of 54 people are killed by lightning in the United States each year . The peak month is July , with an average of 16 deaths , and June and August see about 12 deaths each . So far this year , 20 lightning-related deaths have been recorded , including the latest two fatalities -- a figure that 's below average for this time of year . Texas has had the most lightning-related deaths so far in 2012 , with three people killed across the state . Data shows that 85 % of lightning strike victims yearly are men . At least 60 % of those killed are between the ages of 40 and 69 , and the day of the week when most people are killed by lightning is Saturday . Lightning Safety Tips If you are making outdoor plans , or if you 're caught in severe weather while outside , you should have a plan to protect yourself and your family . Here are some lightning safety tips : -- If you can hear thunder , you 're close enough to be struck . Seek a sturdy shelter immediately . -- If you find yourself caught in a thunderstorm in an open area , do not allow yourself to be the tallest object . -- Avoid tall trees , towers , utility poles , water , and any metal objects . -- Stay away from windows and do n't use corded phones if inside during a thunderstorm . If you 're attending an organized outdoor event , you should still plan ahead for inclement weather . Here are some steps you and your family should take to prepare : -- Check the weather before heading out . -- Once you arrive at the event , familiarize yourself with the area and check with event organizers or look for signs that may instruct you where to seek shelter during bad weather . -- Designate a group meeting place for you and your family in case of an emergency . -- Use smartphone apps or a weather radio to monitor developments of severe weather , and know what county you 're in in case a warning is issued . If bad weather is heading your way , you should seek shelter as soon as possible . Although the heavy rains , wind , or hail associated with a severe or non-severe thunderstorm may not have reached you yet , lightning can occur within a several-mile radius of a storm .	National Weather Service : "  When thunder roars , go indoors ! " Even if you do n't see any rain yet , lightning can occur in a several-mile radius of a storm 20 people have been killed in lightning-related incidents so far this year
Washington  CNN  -- A prominent gay rights advocacy group says a key congressional Democrat will push for new rights for same-sex couples in the Senate 's immigration reform bill -- a move which could undermine the legislation 's bipartisan support . According to a spokesman for Immigration Equality , Vermont Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy intends to offer an amendment later this month allowing foreign-born individuals in committed same-sex relationships with Americans to apply for green cards . Currently , such rights apply to only to foreign-born men or women in heterosexual marriages with U.S. citizens . "  That 's our expectation , " said Steve Ralls , a spokesman for the group , which promotes equality in immigration laws for gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender individuals . "  After the meetings we 've had with Leahy and his staff , the message is pretty clear . " A spokeswoman for Leahy refused to confirm Ralls ' assertion . The senator is an outspoken proponent of expanded rights for same-sex couples , and proposed similar legislation in the past . Under the plan , according to Ralls , gays and lesbians requesting green cards for foreign-born partners would have to be married if their states currently recognize same-sex marriages . If their states do not recognize same-sex marriage , they would have to meet a series of requirements proving major emotional and financial commitments . The list of requirements could include jointly owned property , shared child custody , joint bank accounts , joint credit cards , proof of a commitment ceremony and photographs of shared vacations and holidays with extended family , among other things . Leahy , head of the Senate Judiciary Committee , will likely propose the change at some point after his panel starts considering amendments on May 9 , Ralls said . If Leahy moves forward with the amendment , it could destroy hopes for any significant GOP backing of the sweeping legislation . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , one of Republican architects of the 844-page bill , said Tuesday that adding such a provision would not be politically feasible in the ideologically polarized Congress . The bill "  was not intended to cover everybody in every situation , " Rubio told conservative radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt . "  This immigration bill is difficult enough as it is . ... If you inject something like this in the bill , it will die . The coalition behind it will fall apart . " Rubio , a potential presidential candidate and one of four Republicans in the Senate 's so-called "  Gang of Eight " that authored the bill , stressed that he would withdraw his own support . "  I hope we can avoid this , " he said . "  This is not the issue to engage this in , or you will threaten the entire product . " It is significantly easier for Leahy to add the amendment to the bill while it is being considered by his panel . Democrats hold a 10-8 majority on the Judiciary Committee , and can approve changes on a strict majority basis . Controversial amendments taken up by the full Senate will almost certainly be required to garner a 60-vote supermajority . Members of the Democratic caucus only control 55 seats in the 100-member chamber . Backers of the bill have been hoping to win as many as 70 votes in the Senate , in order to give the bill major momentum heading into the more skeptical , GOP-controlled House .	Sen. Leahy to propose measure to help same-sex couples get green cards , group says Measure threatens to undermine bipartisan support for immigration reform Leahy 's amendment could be introduced this month
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Jewish groups on Wednesday rejected as inadequate an apology by Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone for remarks in which he praised German Nazi leader Adolf Hitler . Bernie Ecclestone : "  Many people in my closest circle of friends are Jewish . " During an interview with The Times newspaper last week the billionaire spoke of the Nazi dictator 's ability to "  get things done . " But after a storm of criticism , Ecclestone issued a statement on Tuesday in which he said : "  I unreservedly apologize for the remarks I made regarding Hitler in a recent interview . I am extremely distressed and embarrassed that these remarks have been used as suggesting that I support Hitler or Saddam Hussein . I would never support such people . "  I should never have been so foolish as to have been drawn into discussing these people but the fault was entirely mine , which I deeply regret . " On Wednesday Jon Benjamin , Chief Executive of the Board of Deputies of British Jews , rejected the apology . "  Mr. Ecclestone 's comments were crass , ignorant and insensitive , " he said in a statement issued to CNN . "  There is no excuse for praising one of history 's most evil men for being good at being bad . " Tell us what you think of Ecclestone 's comments In his statement on Tuesday , the 78-year-old appeared to reignite the controversy by remarking : "  During the 1930s Germany was facing an economic crisis , but Hitler was able to rebuild the economy , building the autobahns and German industry . "  That was all I meant when I referred to him getting things done . "  I 'm an admirer of good leadership , of politicians who stand by their convictions and tell the voters the truth . I 'm not an admirer of dictators who rule by terror . " He told The Jewish Chronicle on Tuesday he regretted offending people who took his remarks "  the wrong way . " Ecclestone had earlier been described by the newspaper 's editor , Stephen Pollard , as "  either an idiot or morally repulsive . " Germany 's Central Council of Jews had urged motor racing teams to boycott Formula One over Ecclestone 's comments but cautiously welcomed the apology . However one of the group 's leaders pointed out that the F1 chief 's remarks about the man who presided over the deaths of six million Jews had caused great pain . "  If Ecclestone says he was an idiot , I will certainly not contradict him , " Dieter Graumann , vice president of the council , told Handesblatt newspaper . "  Apologizing is better than not apologizing . But the glorification of a mass murderer is not a trivial offense . " German media also reported that Guenther Oettinger , premier of the southern state of Baden-Wuerttemberg , had canceled a meeting with the Briton at this weekend 's German Grand Prix at Nurburgring because of his comments about Hitler . The F1 chief had told the German newspaper Bild : "  Many people in my closest circle of friends are Jewish . Anyone who knows me knows that I would never attack a minority . "	F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone apologizes for praising Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler Billionaire had spoken of Hitler 's ability to "  get things done " Jewish groups dismiss as inadequate Ecclestone 's apology
CNN  -- "  Sesame Street " may not be a real place , but tell that to some of the people Michael Davis met when researching and talking about his new book , "  Street Gang . " Bert , left , and Ernie have been mainstays of "  Sesame Street " since the beginning . "  I met a lot of people who I worked with in New York or got to know in New York -- transplants -- who said to me , ` When I first arrived here in New York , I had this strange desire to find Sesame Street , ' " he said . Well , to paraphrase the famous theme song , who would n't want to get to "  Sesame Street " ? For two generations , the fictional block of brownstones inhabited by curious children , friendly adults and some odd-looking Muppets has helped shape childhood education by offering exercises , games and life lessons all wrapped up in a television-friendly format . It 's a model that 's proved durable and influential , says Syracuse University pop culture professor Robert Thompson . "  If I were to make a list of the top 10 most significant American TV shows ... I 'd put ` Sesame Street ' on the list . The fact that it 's still on the air attests to its -LSB- significance -RSB- , " he said . See "  Sesame Street " in pictures " "  The idea they came up with was kind of radical : If you can sell kids sugared cereal and toys using Madison Avenue techniques , why could n't you use the same techniques for teaching counting , the alphabet and basic social skills ? And it works . " Indeed , as Davis notes in "  Street Gang "  Viking  , the genesis of "  Sesame Street " was when the 3-year-old daughter of a Carnegie foundation executive was fascinated by television , waking up to watch the broadcast day begin and memorizing commercial jingles . He talked about his daughter with a friend , producer Joan Ganz Cooney . In the liberal ferment of the mid - '60s , both wondered whether educational TV could go beyond the staid classroom shows of the era . Cooney became the driving force of "  Sesame Street . " She put together the plan , helped recruit talent , located financing and oversaw production . "  Sesame Street " became the foundation for the Children 's Television Workshop  now Sesame Workshop  , which created other educational shows such as "  The Electric Company " and "  3-2-1 Contact . " "  She is just such an impressive woman , " said Davis , adding that Cooney gave her blessing to his book project without any requirements but one : that he "  get it right . " "  She 's just one of those extraordinary public figures . " Cooney did n't hold much back in telling her story to Davis , and neither did others . From its debut on November 10 , 1969 , the show was a hit -- within a year , it was on the cover of Time magazine -- but it was not without its personality clashes . The original Gordon , Matt Robinson , was a producer uncomfortable in the spotlight . Northern Calloway , who played David , struggled with mental illness . The show 's primary songwriters , Joe Raposo and Jeff Moss , were constantly in competition ; Raposo "  fairly seethed with envy " when Moss ' "  Rubber Duckie " hit the Top 20 , Davis writes . The book provides balanced biographies of a number of principals , including producer Jon Stone , whom Davis calls "  the heart of the book . " "  I wanted people to say , ` Wow , this guy Jon Stone , he really was the Orson Welles of "  Sesame Street . " ' Without him , the show would n't have been what it became , " Davis said . But for all the backstage machinations that affect any creative enterprise , "  Sesame Street " stayed true to education , in all its forms . One show matter-of-factly included a breast-feeding Buffy Sainte-Marie ; others featured a boy with Down syndrome , Jason Kingsley . EW : Stars who dropped by "  Sesame Street " Jim Henson , who was famous as creator of the Muppets when "  Sesame Street " began , invented a world of  literally  colorful characters -- Oscar , Big Bird , the Cookie Monster , Bert and Ernie -- and , with his puppeteering crew , gave them soul . And when Mr. Hooper  Will Lee  died , the show dealt with his passing honestly . Over the years , the show has taken its knocks . Critics from the left have complained about its merchandising ; critics from the right disliked its avowed commitment to diversity . In the '90s , "  Barney " stole its thunder , and cable drained its audience . As "  Sesame Street " comes up on its 40th birthday , some critics wonder whether it 's still necessary . But for all that , says Thompson , the show remains important , both in its pioneering educational style and in its clever business model . And it takes its charges seriously , he points out . "  One thing I still like about ` Sesame Street ' is that it 's not artsy , " he said . For Davis ' part , doing the book -- which succeeded a TV Guide article he did on the show 's 35th anniversary -- gave him renewed respect for its creators ' achievements . And he 's found out through his Web site , http://www.streetgangbook.com/ , that "  Sesame Street " still has the magic to move children -- mothers of autistic children credit the show with helping the kids ' development -- and adults . "  Somebody said , ' I was OK when my mom explained to me there was no Santa Claus , ' " he recounts . " ` But I cried my eyes out the day I realized Kermit was a puppet . ' Is n't that great ? "	"  Street Gang " is a new book that chronicles the history of "  Sesame Street " Show was unique when it went on air in 1969 , using TV techniques for education Much behind-the-scenes activities , but show has stayed true to goals Author Michael Davis has heard countless stories about "  Street 's " benefits
Usually , airstrikes , rebels seizing control of oil fields and refineries , plus a severe refugee crisis are a recipe for market panic . That is the situation unfolding in Northern Iraq , but without a spike in prices , even though energy companies are retrenching . There 's been a growing list of small and medium sized explorers who have suspended operations : London listed Afren , Dublin based Petroceltic and Abu Dhabi National Energy Company , known as TAQA here in the UAE . Chevron , a major oil company , is trimming non-essential staff and others will likely do the same . Gulf Keystone , an early mover in the Kurdish Region , said the situation is not good , but after fortifying their facilities , production is holding steady at 25,000 barrels a day . What we have now , after the initial panic when ISIS made its move into Iraq , are two distinct camps : Explorers suspending operations and producers battening down the hatches and producing as best they can . According to the Kurdish Regional Government , supplies up north are still above 300,000 barrels a day . Tucked into the IEA 's latest monthly report is one of today 's harsher realities : ISIS has taken control of seven fields , which typically produce about 80 thousand barrels a day . Energy and security sources here in the region tell me that oil is starting to find its way onto the black market , offered at a heavy discount . Beyond the fighting , other complex problems still exist that could easily tilt the balance in Iraq . In Baiji , near the country 's center , 300,000 barrels of refining capacity is off-line after ISIS rebels fought for control , according to the Iraq Energy Institute 's Luay al-Khatteeb . Oil is being exported via pipeline from the Kurdish region through the Port of Ceyhan in Turkey . Tankers have sailed , but Baghdad is blocking sales with an on-going dispute over who actually controls that oil . Despite all that , Iraq continues to supply the market with an ample level of crude . According to the IEA 's monthly report , overall production is 3.1 million barrels a day , down slightly from the month before . Exports are up again to 2.44 million and that is what the market is concentrating on . But there is a price to pay for the violence in the north and political in-fighting in Baghdad . The country 's original target of expanding capacity to over 4 million barrels a day will be missed , according to al - Khatteeb . With this level of uncertainty , the international oil companies  IOCs  may tighten their purse strings , waiting to see if the U.S. intervention can help stabilize the country before committing more money for exploration and production . The big bounty for Iraq and the energy majors remains the oil rich south around Basra which , despite initial security threats against international oil workers , is pumping and exporting crude at near record levels . BP initially trimmed staff when ISIS began its march into Iraq , but at the end of July , CEO Bob Dudley went out of his way to assure investors production is back up to normal with plans for expansion . "  The Rumaila field is now the second largest producing field in the world at about 1.4 million barrels per day , " said Dudley . "  If you think about the map of Iraq , it is down in the bottom of the funnel , near the Kuwait border , in the desert , in an unpopulated area . " Lukoil has put $ 4 billion into the West Qurna 2 field in the south -- one of the world 's largest oil fields -- and despite initial delays is still producing 300,000 barrels a day without interruption . What we have learned in the past two months of fighting , is another harsh reality : Money talks . Iraq may have difficulty staying glued together as a country or even passing a petroleum law to govern revenue sharing , but securing production and distribution have been paramount . And that persistence earned the country $ 53 billion last month alone . REA D MORE : Iraq 's ` new reality ' shakes global oil markets READ MORE : Why does the U.S. intervene militarily in Iraq but not in Syria ?	Airstrikes , rebels seizing oil fields and a refugee crisis would normally spell market panic But in Iraq , which has dealing with all three issues , oil prices have remained steady The militants storming the country 's north have not taken the country 's oil-rich south And investment is still being pumped into the region , John Defterios writes
CNN  A U.S. court has ruled that the Palestinian Authority and Palestinian Liberation Organization must pay more than $ 650 million to American citizens and their loved ones for attacks in Israel in the early 2000s . This week 's decision , issued from the U.S. District Court in southern New York , could mean millions of dollars each to 40 people or their estates . Such a ruling may also open the door to similar lawsuits against foreign governments for their part in terrorism , like one against Saudi Arabia 's government tied to the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . That said , the decision is n't final . And even if it does hold up , there 's no guarantee the Palestinian Authority and Palestinian Liberation Organization will pay up . Both groups are "  deeply disappointed " by Monday 's ruling , which Palestinian Authority spokesman Mahmoud Khalifa said stemmed from "  baseless " charges and "  ignored the legal precedent set time and again by other U.S. courts ... that established U.S. courts are not the proper jurisdiction for such a hearing . " Khalifa expressed confidence that the PLO and Palestinian Authority will prevail in American courts during its coming appeal . Palestinian leaders are combating "  extremism and violence and maintain a strong commitment to nonviolent resistance and international legal , political and moral redress , " the spokesman added , claiming that this case does n't help in this regard . "  This case is just the latest attempt by hardline anti-peace factions in Israel to use and abuse the U.S. legal system to advance their narrow political agenda , " Khalifa said . "  The decision is a tragic disservice to the millions of Palestinians who have invested in the democratic process and the rule of law in order to seek justice and redress their grievances , and to the international community which has invested so much in financial and political capital in a two-state solution . " The U.S. case dates back to the Second Intifada , or armed uprising , in which Palestinians staged a series of deadly attacks inside Israel . According to figures from Israel 's internal security agency , known as the Shin Bet , some 488 Israelis died in suicide attacks between 2001 and 2004 . Americans got caught up in some of those attacks , including the dozens listed in the U.S. court case . A few were killed , more were burned or wounded by gunshots or shrapnel , while others suffered "  severe emotional , mental and economic harm , " according to a related complaint . One such American was Mark Sokolow . On 9/11 , the lawyer from New York escaped the World Trade Center before its twin towers collapsed . Then , four months later , he was walking through West Jerusalem when a bomb went off , killing one man and wounding more than 110 people . Sokolow afterward told CNN that he suffered mostly superficial injuries , though his wife 's condition was "  a little bit more serious . " "  I feel very fortunate that someone , God , is looking over us to make sure that we 're OK , " he said then . That and other attacks occurred when Yasser Arafat led the Palestinian Authority and as Israeli authorities clamped down on him and his allies . The violence abated when then-PA Prime MInister Mahmoud Abbas began to take over -- a move that became complete with Arafat 's death in 2004 . Abbas , who has preached nonviolence even as issues with Israel have persisted , has been President now for a decade . The U.S. case was tried in New York because the PLO has an office in New York City , which is home of the United Nations . Even if it did not appeal , the Palestinian Authority would appear hard-pressed to pay damages to the plaintiffs . Israel has played a part in those issues , like its decision to freeze the transfer of more than $ 127 million in tax revenues collected on behalf of the Palestinians in the wake of their bid to join the International Criminal Court , according to Israel 's Haaretz newspaper . Yet this week 's decisions is n't just about the Palestinians . Jerry S. Goldman , a lawyer for 9/11 families suing Saudi Arabia and others , thinks it may help in his clients ' case as well . "  If you cut off the funding , you cut off the terror , " Goldman said . "  And U.S. courts are showing that they can handle transnational terror litigation and make powerful individuals , institutions and governments who have materially supported terrorists ' pay . "	Palestinian Authority , PLO are ordered to pay over $ 650 million to dozens of Americans The decision is connected to attacks inside Israel in the early 2000s Official : Palestinians will appeal the ruling , which he says stems from "  baseless " charges
CNN  -- After the craziness of the winter weather , it 's time for some positive predictions , right ? Meteorologists are on the lookout for a weather pattern that could mean a milder hurricane season for the East Coast this summer . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Thursday that there 's about a 50 % chance of a weather phenomenon called El Nino developing this summer or fall . That 's not a guarantee , but conditions are favorable enough in the next six months to warrant an "  El Nino Watch . " An El Nino event occurs about once every three to seven years , said Kevin Trenberth , senior scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research . It involves the warming of the central and eastern Pacific Ocean , and results in major changes in the jet stream where storms track . As the ocean builds up heat in the western Pacific Ocean , some of the heat goes into the atmosphere through evaporation . The moistened atmosphere invigorates storms , Trenberth said , changing where hurricanes and typhoons occur . But those of you on the U.S. East Coast and Gulf Coast , rejoice : "  It means that the Atlantic hurricane season will be rather weak because it ca n't stand the competition , " Trenberth said . An El Nino event would likely mean more shear -- wind speeds that increase with height -- in the upper levels of the atmosphere during hurricane season . This wind shear would suppress the development of tropical systems . California would also benefit if El Nino conditions develop and continue into the winter . The state is suffering from one of the worst droughts in its history . An El Nino pattern in the winter time usually results in much wetter conditions for the West Coast . Because El Nino warms up the atmosphere as a whole , we may see a mini global warming phenomenon , Trenberth said . Places that shivered through a deep freeze this year may see above-average temperatures next winter , if the pattern continues , Trenberth said . But in other parts of the world , El Nino can be quite disruptive , depending on where you live . Monsoons in India and droughts in Australia may result , Trenberth said . Hawaii would be more likely to see a hurricane . Flooding in Peru and Ecuador are also associated with El Nino . Farmers there have switched from cotton to rice farming to adapt during such times , Trenberth said . In February , sea surface temperatures were below average in the eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean , but above average near the International Date Line , NOAA said . There were also strong low-level westerly winds reappearing over the central equatorial Pacific , which could help to hold onto the increased heat content in the central and east-central equatorial Pacific . Right now the El Nino Southern Oscillation is in its "  neutral " phase -- neither warm nor cool -- but models suggest that El Nino could develop . The last record-breaking El Nino event was in 1997 to 1998 . The pattern led to a relatively warm winter , but also a series of devastating weather events : Flooding in the Southeast and California , an ice storm in the northeast and tornadoes in Florida . "  Be careful what you wish for sometimes , " Trenberth said .	NOAA : 50 % of El Nino this summer or fall The pattern would mean warmer atmosphere California could get a relief from drought Record-breaking El Nino was 1997 to 1998
CNN  -- A small plane headed from New Jersey to suburban Atlanta crashed onto an interstate shortly after takeoff Tuesday , killing five people , authorities said . Two men , one woman , two children and a dog aboard the plane died in the crash in Morristown , New Jersey , just after 10 a.m. ET , said Robert Gretz , a senior air safety investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board . The plane , a six-seater Socata TBM700 , was headed from Teterboro , New Jersey , to DeKalb-Peachtree Airport in suburban Atlanta when it crashed onto Interstate 287 about 14 minutes into the flight , Gretz said . The plane was at about 17,500 feet when "  there was some discussion between the pilot and the controller of locations of icing conditions , " he said . He told reporters Monday night the conversation seemed "  routine " and was "  not a distress call . " Gretz said he did not know whether the conversation concerned a cloud that might contain ice ; actual icing on the airplane ; or whether the pilot was inquiring where ice might be or reporting it . "  I 've heard this thirdhand . ... That 's something I need to listen to the tapes to know , " he said . Gretz said he was not aware of any icing conditions on the ground at Teterboro that would have required the plane to be deiced . However , he stressed that the investigation is in its infancy and it is too soon to speculate what might have caused the crash . "  It 's too early to tell whether it was something mechanical or something the pilot did -- we just do n't know , " he said . Preliminary information is that the five were headed to Atlanta for a combination business-leisure trip , Gretz said . Authorities did not release the names of those who died , pending positive identification by the medical examiner and notification of relatives . But New York investment banking firm Greenhill & Co. reported that those on board were two of the firm 's managing directors , Jeffrey Buckalew , 45 , and Rakesh Chawla , 36 ; Buckalew 's wife , Corinne , and their two children , Jackson and Meriwether . Ages for the children were not given . "  The plane belonged to Mr. Buckalew , an experienced pilot whose passion was flying , " the company said in a statement . "  The firm is in deep mourning over the tragic and untimely death of two of its esteemed colleagues and members of Jeff 's family . " No one on the ground was injured , although a pickup truck narrowly missed the plane , Gretz said . The debris field from the crash was spread over about a half-mile , with part of a wing and the plane 's tail found in a tree in a residential area , he said . Witnesses reported the plane was in an "  uncontrolled spin " before it crashed . A Federal Aviation Administration radar facility in New York lost radio contact with the plane , and also lost it on radar , FAA spokesman Jim Peters said . The crash site was about 30 miles southwest of the Teterboro airport , Peters said . Gretz said Monday evening he was not sure how long after the conversation regarding icing that the plane dropped off radar , saying investigators will be determining that . The plane struck the southbound lanes of I-287 , continued through a wooded median and came to rest on the northbound lanes , New Jersey State Police Lt. Stephen Jones said . Most of the interstate was shut down after the crash , Jones said . One northbound lane and two southbound lanes were open as of Tuesday afternoon , but officials were "  still trying to recover both the pieces of the plane and the remains of the victims . " Gretz said Monday night the wreckage recovery was halted about 6 p.m. because of darkness and would resume after Tuesday 's morning rush hour , at 9:30 a.m. . The New Jersey Department of Transportation said motorists had two of three travel lanes in each direction available for Monday evening 's rush hour . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	An investment firm identifies those killed in the crash Before the crash , the pilot mentioned icing , NTSB investigator says The crash 's debris field stretches over a half-mile Crash shut down most of Interstate 287 in Morristown , New Jersey
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Judge Sonia Sotomayor years ago said she was a "  product of affirmative action " when she was admitted to prestigious universities , but defended the contributions she offered as a Hispanic woman to classroom and workplace diversity . "  I am the perfect affirmative action baby , " Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor said in the 1990s . The statements were part of newly released videos of speeches and panel discussions dating from the mid-1980s that the 54-year-old federal judge provided to the Senate Judiciary Committee , which will begin confirmation hearings July 13 . The remarks offer often-candid insights into the New York native 's views on the law , growing up poor in a Bronx housing project , juggling a career and a social life , and her 1980s divorce . In an early 1990s panel with two other female judges , Sotomayor talked about her educational background and how it helped her in her job as a federal trial judge in Manhattan . "  I am a product of affirmative action , " she said . "  I am the perfect affirmative action baby . I am Puerto Rican , born and raised in the south Bronx . My test scores were not comparable to my colleagues at Princeton and Yale . Not so far off so that I was n't able to succeed at those institutions . " She said that using "  traditional numbers " from test scores , "  it would have been highly questionable if I would have been accepted . " The female panel members politely objected to her characterizations of how she overcame such obstacles , pointing out she graduated from law school with honors and was on the prestigious law review . Sotomayor countered that those were signs test scores alone do not offer the full measure of a person 's capability . Test scores , she said , often can be the result of "  cultural biases . " In a 1986 interview with ABC News profiling young female professionals , Sotomayor said she constantly had to deal with subtle forms of discrimination , particularly when it came to public perceptions . "  I found in my experiences that it 's not that men are consciously discriminating against promoting women , but I do believe as people we have self-images about what 's good , " she said . "  What 's quote-unquote a ` good ' lawyer , doctor , or whatever the profession is . And if you 're a male who grew up professionally in a male-dominated profession then your image of what a good lawyer is is a male image . " Years later on the federal bench , Sotomayor said she encountered similar treatment from older white men particularly , who seemed to speak longer to her than other lawyers . She said the impression she got was that was because she was a woman and a minority . Sotomayor has been criticized by some conservatives for her remarks on diversity , and her 2001 comment that she "  would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " In the legal panel , she rejected suggestions that minorities should accept "  selection by merit alone . " She noted , "  It is critical that we promote diversity " by giving women and minorities more opportunities in the law and the judiciary . "  Since I have difficulty defining merit and what merit alone means -- and in any context , whether it 's judicial or otherwise -- I accept that different experiences in and of itself , bring merit to the system , " she said . "  I think it brings to the system more of a sense of fairness when these litigants see people like myself on the bench . " As a judge she offered a variety of thoughts on how a judge should act on the bench . "  I have to unhook myself from my emotional responses and try to stay within my unemotional objective persona , " she told a group of Hispanic lawyers in 2000 . She said in 1994 that such an attitude can be hard to maintain , when as a trial judge she had to deal with some defendants and their families . "  I watch those mothers cry and I ca n't help but feel their pain . Does that translate into a passion or compassion that affects my judgment ? No , but it makes it much more important for me to be careful when I exercise my judgment . " In another panel she noted that she sometimes spoke to some defendants and their families in Spanish in civil cases , to keep them informed of what she was doing . She said she made sure to translate what she was saying into English . In several events she said the life of a lawyer is rarely glamorous . In a 1986 interview she admitted her divorce was caused in part by her commitment to her career , and that her subsequent social life had suffered as a result . And as she grew into her 30s , she lamented her earlier expectations had to that point not been fully realized . "  I 'm very happy with where I am at this point in my life but I think my expectations were greater in ' 76 , " when she graduated from Princeton . "  I mean , I really expected to turn the world on fire . "	Remarks from an early 1990s panel with two other female judges Sotomayor talked about education , background , and how they helped her in her job Says her divorce was caused in part by her commitment to her career Minority judges bring "  to the system more of a sense of fairness , " said Sotomayor
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Looking for that special Christmas gift for the Judy Garland fan who has everything ? Consider giving them the U.S. rights to the legendary actress-singer 's television variety series . "  This would be a great Christmas gift for somebody , " said Darryl Payne , a music producer who bought the rights in 1998 from Sam Luft , Garland 's former husband . "  The Judy Garland Show , " which cost CBS $ 24 million in 1963 , is being auctioned this weekend with a starting bid of $ 1 million . The bidding , conducted online by The Royalty Exchange , is set to end Sunday afternoon . "  You get Judy Garland , " Payne said . "  She 's singing , she 's dancing . You get all the biggest stars of that era . " Then-rising star Barbra Streisand sang a memorable duet with Garland in one episode , before the singer filmed "  Funny Girl , " her breakout movie . The appearance earned Streisand her first Emmy nomination . Garland 's daughter Liza Minelli , then 17 , was a guest , along with many other entertainment legends : Tony Bennett , Lena Horne , Peggy Lee , Count Basie , Mickey Rooney , Ethel Merman , Bob Newhart , Donald O'Connor , Steve Allen , Jane Powell , Peter Lawford , Vic Damone and Jack Jones . While clips of the series have been licensed over the years , the episodes have not been shown on television since the series was canceled in March 1964 , Payne said . The buyer can sell DVDs or rebroadcast in the United States the 26 star-filled episodes hosted by Garland for a season on CBS starting in 1963 . The new owner could also license the series for streaming online or downloading , Payne said . The remastered digitized video also includes never-before-seen outtakes from the show , Payne said . Garland died of a drug overdose at age 47 , five years after the series was taken off the air . Dorothy 's dress from ` The Wizard of Oz ' finds new home	"  This would be a great Christmas gift for somebody , " seller Darryl Payne says Bidding for U.S. rights to "  The Judy Garland Show " starts at $ 1 million Barbra Streisand sang a memorable duet with Garland in one episode The buyer will be able to stream , rebroadcast or sell DVDs of the 26 star-filled episodes
CNN  -- The Federal Communications Commission on Tuesday approved "  high-level rules of the road " designed to ensure that internet providers grant everyone equal access to the Web . But the 3-2 vote immediately came under attack from both flanks , with internet-freedom advocates saying the new rules do n't go far enough and critics saying the government should stay out of online business altogether . In announcing the proposed rules this month , FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said they would require high-speed internet providers to treat all types of Web content equally . The rules are designed to , in effect , keep the companies that own the internet 's real-world infrastructure from slowing down some types of websites or apps -- say , those belonging to a competitor -- or speeding up others for high-paying clients . For average internet users , the vote affects whether government will guarantee they 'll continue to have access to all Web content , regardless of their internet provider 's wishes , and whether they 'll get that content as quickly as businesses or individuals able to pay more for it . The commission 's agenda said the vote addressed "  basic rules of the road to preserve the open internet as a platform for innovation , investment , competition and free expression . " Web freedom advocates argue the vote does n't do that . Commissioner Michael Copps , a Democrat , signed off on the rules but called them only a "  first step in the right direction . " "  In my book , today 's action could have , and should have , gone further , " he said . "  Going as far as I would have liked was , however , not in the cards . " For example , he said , the rules wo n't absolutely prevent broadband providers from "  pay for priority " -- giving faster service to those able to pay for it , or to one favored business over another . Instead , the regulations say those practices "  generally violate " nondiscrimination rules . The vote was along party lines , with the commission 's three Democrats voting to "  concur " with the rules and its two Republicans voting against them . Commissioner Robert McDowell , a Republican , called the vote a "  radical step " and said it puts the FCC "  on a collision course " with the courts , which he predicted will throw the rules out . "  The FCC is not Congress , " he said . "  We can not make laws . " Republicans have largely argued the government has no right to interfere with business practices online . McDowell said "  nothing is broken in the internet-access market that needs fixing . " President Barack Obama , in a written statement , called the rules an important part of his administration 's goal of advancing "  American innovation , economic growth and job creation . " "  Today 's decision will help preserve the free and open nature of the Internet while encouraging innovation , protecting consumer choice , and defending free speech , " Obama said . As a candidate , Obama pledged to support open-internet policies . Although the commission approved the rules , Congress could still act to amend or weaken them . Members of the House and Senate , from both sides of the aisle , have expressed concerns for different reasons . Internet proposal sets off political firestorm Lawmakers already are considering legislation that would , in effect , repeal the rules . And at least one is threatening to cut off funding to the FCC to implement the rules . The proposal also does n't set the same set of rules for mobile communications as it does for Web-based ones . So , the rules protecting information on a home computer might not keep the same data free on a mobile phone . Sen. Al Franken , a Minnesota Democrat and one of Congress ' most vocal net-neutrality advocates , calls the issue "  the most important free-speech issue of our time . " In a column Monday for The Huffington Post , Franken said some of the current proposal 's language could actually weaken protections . "  T  his Tuesday , when the FCC meets to discuss this badly flawed proposal , I 'll be watching , " he wrote . "  If they approve it as is , I 'll be outraged . And you should be , too . " Copps , however , said that "  if vigilantly and vigorously implemented by the commission -- and if upheld by the courts -- it could represent an important milestone in the ongoing struggle to safeguard the awesome opportunity-creating power of the open internet . " Genachowski , the FCC chairman argued that currently there are no rules governing internet freedom and that the regulations strike a balance between the two extremes of opinion . He also noted they include new rules for mobile that address some critics ' concerns . He called the policies "  high-level rules of the road " and called internet freedom an ongoing issue for the commission .	FCC approves open-internet "  neutrality " plan , with complaints from both sides Plan is designed to keep people who pay from getting better Web service than others Congress could still act to amend or weaken rules
CNN  -- The governor of New Mexico has until Friday to decide whether to pardon one of the West 's most infamous outlaws in the killing of a law enforcement officer . Gov. Bill Richardson received 809 responses on a special website dedicated to answering a generations-old question : Should Billy the Kid get a pardon in the killing of a sheriff ? Richardson , a Billy the Kid buff , is looking at an old promise by another governor , and not the Kid 's cold-blooded reputation , in deciding whether to issue a posthumous pardon , officials said . "  I think he will take the responses into account , particularly the learned responses , " said Richardson 's deputy chief of staff , Eric Witt . Some 430 people were in favor of the pardon while 379 were against it , Witt said Wednesday . The governor must make his decision by late Friday , when his term ends . Billy the Kid , who was born Henry McCarty but was also known as William H. Bonney and Henry Antrim , died at the hands of another sheriff , Pat Garrett , when he was only 21 . Some members of the Garrett family , including grandson Jarvis Patrick Garrett , oppose the pardon . Besides arguing that Billy the Kid was an incorrigible killer , they want to make sure Pat Garrett is absolved of any wrongdoing related to the killing and a Bonney jail escape . But Witt said the governor will not do anything that casts a cloud on Pat Garrett . "  We consider Pat Garrett a true hero of the West . " Some residents , including Gov.-elect Susana Martinez , said there are more pressing issues facing the state , but Witt said Wednesday that the pardon consideration "  has n't take away from our attention to them . " Albuquerque defense attorney Randi McGinn , who volunteered to handle the case for free , filed the petition for the pardon . "  A promise is a promise and should be enforced , " she wrote . Garrett killed Bonney on July 14 , 1881 , in Fort Sumner weeks after Bonney escaped from a jail . The sheriff , legend has it , was hiding in the dark and shot the Kid when he entered a room . Garrett was gunned down in 1908 at age 57 . Richardson will be deciding only the matter of a promise to Bonney made by territorial Gov. Lew Wallace , Witt said . "  We 're not offering a blanket pardon for everything he did . " Wallace -- who had also been a Union general in the Civil War and wrote the novel "  Ben-Hur " -- had promised to grant Bonney amnesty for the fatal shooting of Lincoln County Sheriff William Brady and other "  misdeeds " if he agreed to testify before a grand jury investigating another murder . Bonney cooperated , but the pardon did n't happen . According to Mark Lee Gardner and other historians , Bonney at one point wrote to Wallace , asking him to honor the deal . The Garretts argue Bonney decided to flee house arrest , making the pardon moot . He eventually was convicted in Brady 's death and was sentenced to death , the petition states . But he escaped from jail on April 28 , 1881 , killing two deputies . "  Still , regardless of Billy 's crimes , the motives of Richardson or the hollowness of posthumous justice , it all comes back to Wallace 's promise . A deal is a deal , and 129 years does n't change that . Billy is owed a pardon , " Gardner wrote earlier this year in the Los Angeles Times . The Garretts do n't buy that argument . "  If Billy the Kid was living amongst us now , would you issue a pardon for someone who made his living as a thief and , more egregiously , who killed four law enforcement officers and numerous others ? " the Garrett family wrote Richardson last fall . J.P. Garrett said there is no written proof that Wallace made the promise and noted that the charges were federal , which did not give the governor the right to make the offer . But McGinn said a written promise is not necessary and there is ample evidence and letters indicating it was made . And , she said , Bonney was convicted of state charges after federal ones were dismissed . Wallace 's great-grandson , William Wallace , also opposes the pardon for some of the same reasons . Like Garrett , Wallace said a pardon would possibly dishonor his ancestor . Witt says that Richardson does not challenge Wallace 's integrity . "  We are strictly concerned with the application of executive power , with any commitments made on behalf of the then-territory and now state of New Mexico , and with the equal application of the law , " Witt told CNN . Popular history has Bonney gunning down 21 men , but many historians say the number was closer to nine . According to other legends , Bonney did not die at Garrett 's hands and is not buried in Fort Sumner , New Mexico . He went to Texas and became known as "  Brushy Bill " Roberts , they say . Poppycock , the Garretts argue . They asked Richardson to sign a petition signed by 100 people that reads , "  Whereas we the undersigned accept and agree the traditional history of Sheriff Pat F. Garrett and Billy the Kid  William Bonney  , and believe that Billy the Kid died at Pat F. Garrett 's hand ; Therefore we oppose a postphumous  sic  pardon for Billy the Kid as Brushy Bill Roberts . " But McGinn said Bonney kept his bargain by testifying and should receive the pardon . The attorney said at least two killings attributed to Bonney were self-defense and five others could have been done by others . Evidence shows that "  it 's ambiguous here who were the bad guys and who were the good guys . " "  Governor Wallace did not keep his end of the deal , which was to pardon Mr. Bonney for all outstanding charges , including the pending indictment related to the death of Sheriff William Brady , " McGinn wrote last week . "  This injustice should be corrected . " "  Why would he  Bonney  surrender himself ... unless there was something in it for him ? " McGinn asked .	Gov. Bill Richardson is considering pardoning William Bonney in a sheriff 's death He is debating whether a promise made by an earlier governor should be honored Richardson is a Billy the Kid buff
Washington  CNN  -- A federal court panel in Washington Wednesday ruled in favor of South Carolina 's voter photo ID law , but said it can not go into effect until next year because there 's too little time to implement the new law for this November 's election . The three-judge panel said South Carolina 's law does not discriminate against racial minorities as the Justice Department and other opponents had argued . The ruling further clouds the issue , which has resulted in conflicting rulings on whether requiring voters to present an identification card bearing the person 's photograph is discriminatory . In "  pre-clearing key sections of the South Carolina statute , the judges compared the law with those of other states , including Texas , where a federal court panel rejected a photo ID requirement for voting , " wrote the opinion 's author , D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh . Latino voter registration efforts running out of time in Pennsylvania "  In sum , our comparison of South Carolina 's act to some other states ' voter ID laws ... strongly buttresses the conclusion that South Carolina 's law has neither a discriminatory effect nor a discriminatory purpose , " he wrote . Circuit judges John Bates and Colleen Kollar-Kotelly joined with concurring opinions . The judges said the new law would require voters to be informed of and educated about the law 's requirements , which would not be possible before the November 6 elections . Therefore , the panel rejected trying to implement the provisions for the upcoming balloting . The judges noted that about 95 % of South Carolina registered voters possess the approved photo IDs . That includes 96 % of whites and 92 % to 94 % of African-American voters . Despite the disparity , the court found that state election officials had included a "  sweeping reasonable impediment provision " that eliminates any disproportionate effect or material burden on voters . The judges took note of the requirement in the Texas law , which has been blocked in court , requiring many citizens to get a birth certificate that costs $ 22 . And in Texas , unlike South Carolina , many counties lack a place for voters to obtain qualifying photo identification cards . The court found no comparable issues in the South Carolina law . The Justice Department , although on the losing end of the ruling , issued a statement expressing satisfaction with much of the opinion . Judge blocks Pennsylvania voter ID law for November election "  The Department of Justice is pleased that the court has denied "  preclearance " of the South Carolina law for the 2012 elections , " said Justice Department civil rights spokeswoman Dena Iverson . "  With regard to future elections , the department welcomes the court 's agreement that South Carolina 's law required broad modifications in order to respond to the serious concerns raised by the attorney general that the law as written would exclude minority voters . " South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson declared victory in the case , calling the ruling "  a major victory for South Carolina and its election process . " "  It affirms our voter ID law is valid and constitutional under the Voting Rights Act , " he said . "  We will work diligently to implement this law for all future elections . " Holder , Michelle Obama weigh in on voting rights at DC dinner	NEW : Both sides praise the decision A judicial panel says South Carolina 's voter ID law does not discriminate However , it says the law can not go into effect until next year The judges say they compared South Carolina 's law to those in other states
From building-crushing hurricanes to killer sinkholes , Gulf Coast residents have seen a lot . But even these battle-tested veterans of the weather wars are marveling at torrential rains that washed out bridges and roads , sent chest-high water into homes and forced major military bases to shut down Wednesday . "  We 've seen flooding before , but never flooding that washes the back of a house away , " said CNN iReporter Matt Raybourn of Pensacola , Florida . "  There are no words for what we are seeing here . " The rushing waters reduced some streets to rubble , gouged huge gashes in others and left stretches of many others submerged , including parts U.S. 98 , the main east-west route along the coast . It was closed in several places between Fort Walton Beach and Panama City . Abandoned cars sat half-submerged along the highway . Along the coast , water pushed ashore by wind-driven waves and unusually high tides lapped at sand dunes as red flags warned swimmers to stay out of the water . There was one drowning death tied to the flooding , Florida officials said . The victim , a 67-year-old woman , drove or was swept into a drainage ditch Tuesday night , Escambia County spokeswoman Kathleen Castro said . In Alabama , waters rushed in so fast that residents climbed on top of furniture and waited on rooftops to be rescued , said Reggie Chitwood , deputy director of emergency management in Baldwin County . "  The waters rose at a historical level . ... People had to scramble , " Chitwood told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " In a neighborhood north of Pensacola , a creek overran its banks , inundating homes and forcing residents to retreat to their attics to await rescue , Escambia County spokesman Bill Pearson said . Rescuers were reaching the residents on state Fish and Wildlife boats and personal watercraft normally used to patrol the county 's beaches , he said . The National Guard was also on the way . Florida Gov. Rick Scott said that crews had rescued 300 people . ` People have lost everything ' "  It 's unbelievable the amount of flooding we 've had . We 've have roads torn up , water clear through homes . I went to one home where the foundation was gone . ... You saw cars just thrown down a road , pushed down upside down , " Scott told "  The Lead . " "  People have lost everything , and they did n't buy flood insurance because they did n't think they were in a flood area . " Scott declared a state of emergency and warned residents to expect more rain and flooding . As much as 18.9 inches of rain fell over 24 hours in Alabama and Florida , according to the National Weather Service . At Pensacola 's airport , an estimated 15.55 inches of rain fell on Tuesday -- the largest amount to fall in a single calendar day since officials started tracking rainfall in 1880 , the National Weather Service said . It was all the result of a slow-moving and massive storm system that sucked up moisture from the Gulf of Mexico for days before dumping it back onto land in a series of thunderstorms , said CNN meteorologist Jennifer Gray . Satellites captured an image of the water vapor held aloft by the storm tracing a huge sideways 'S ' shape across much of the country . As the storm crept up the eastern seaboard Wednesday afternoon , heavy rains caused flooding in the Washington area . In Baltimore , the edge of a street buckled in a landslide that sent cars tumbling into a ravine . No one was injured , the city 's transportation department said . In Perdido Key , Florida , iReporter Steve Olensky described the storm as a "  hurricane and tornado all in one . " "  It was blowing and blowing , the rain was coming . It was just incredible , " said Olensky , whose 22-foot boat vanished in the storm . "  We 've been through  hurricanes  Ivan and Katrina , and we 've never seen anything like this . " There 's one major difference between this week 's storms and a hurricane , Pensacola resident Cindi Bonner told CNN . "  You have time to prepare for a hurricane , " she said . "  This was not something that anyone had prepared for . " Damage to bridges , disruption to military bases Many roads in the city of Gulf Shores , Alabama , were "  totally flooded , " the city said on Twitter . At least three heavily used bridges in Escambia County , Florida , had been badly damaged or destroyed , said Pearson , the county spokesman . Naval Air Station Pensacola , Eglin Air Force Base and Hurlburt Field , another Air Force installation , were closed to all but essential personnel , the installations said on their Twitter and Facebook accounts . In nearby Baldwin County , Alabama , the Fish River reached historic flooding levels , according to the National Weather Service . Most government offices in the Florida Panhandle were closed Wednesday , as were many schools . Pearson said emergency officials were urging businesses to stay closed as well and were asking motorists to stay off the roads . Tides up to 2 feet higher than normal were causing minor coastal flooding and dangerous rip currents , the National Weather Service said . CNN iReporter Randy Hamilton said the scene felt like the aftermath of a hurricane with "  abandoned and flooded cars just littering the streets . " "  Debris from trees everywhere . Standing water all around , gray skies , and wind gusts that make you fear something will blow down on you , " he said . Arkansas tornado was EF-4 The storms were part of the same system that has spawned tornadoes and other severe storms since Sunday , claiming at least 36 lives in Oklahoma , Iowa , Arkansas , Mississippi , Alabama , Tennessee and now Florida . Tens of thousands remained without power in the South , where suspected tornadoes tore through homes and businesses late Monday . Officials revealed new details Wednesday about the powerful tornado that struck the Arkansas towns of Mayflower and Vilonia . The twister was rated an EF-4 on the Enhanced Fujita Tornado Damage scale , with an estimated peak wind speed between 180 and 190 mph , the National Weather Service said . It was on the ground for 41.3 miles on Sunday and was responsible for 15 deaths , officials said . In addition to the Florida flooding death , police in Athens , Georgia , said a driver was killed Wednesday when storm winds toppled a tree onto a car . Authorities in Mississippi confirmed another death from storms that struck Monday . At least 38 people have been killed since Sunday in storm-related deaths in Mississippi , Alabama , Tennessee , Arkansas , Oklahoma , Iowa , Florida and Georgia , according to a CNN tally of state reports . The storm could bring heavy rains and possibly thunderstorms to Jacksonville , Florida ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; Virginia Beach , Virginia ; Raleigh , North Carolina ; and Atlanta , the National Weather Service said . Heavy rain will be the norm . Flooding could be a concern in the New York City area on Thursday . Forecasters say rainfall could total up to four inches , with heavier amounts in some areas .	Storms caused 38 deaths since Sunday ; 67-year-old woman killed in Florida Tornado that struck Mayflower and Vilonia , Arkansas , Sunday was an EF-4 Alabama official : Residents scrambled to rooftops as water rushed in National Weather Service : The rainfall at Pensacola 's airport set a record
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan announced Tuesday it is banning all shipments of cattle raised in the Fukushima Prefecture amid fears that the meat may have been contaminated from radiation at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi plant . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano made the announcement . Last week , a Japanese health official downplayed the dangers after cesium contaminated meat from Fukushima cows was delivered to Japanese markets and probably ingested . "  If we were to eat the meat everyday , then it would probably be dangerous , " Goshi Hosono , state minister in charge of consumer affairs and food-safety , said at a news conference on July 12 . "  But if it is consumed only in small portions , I do n't think it would have any long-lasting effects on the human body . " When the Fukushima Prefectural Government investigated the farm that was the source of the meat , it found cesium in cattle feed such as hay , with radiation levels as much as 57 times higher than the ceiling set by the Japanese government . Up until now , cattle in Fukushima were only subject to a screening test , to inspect for radioactive particles adhering to the skin , and farmers were ordered to self-report how it the cattle feed was being stocked . Yutaka Kashimura , Fukushima Prefecture 's officer in charge of the livestock division , told CNN that the farmer may have given the cows hay that had been exposed to soil containing high levels of radiation . The farm is situated about 30 kilometers  18.6 miles  from the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant . Four months after Japan 's devastating earthquake and tsunami on March 11 , operators at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant are still grappling with the crisis the disaster unleashed but say they are making slow progress . The March 11 quake led to meltdowns at Fukushima Daiichi 's three operating reactors when the tsunami knocked out their coolant systems , causing the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Nicolas Ito contributed to this report .	Health officials downplayed the danger last week Officials find cows at a farm had been fed contaminated hay Workers are still battling to stabilize the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant
Glenn Beck may not want to vote for Hillary Clinton , but he is convinced that she will win the presidency in 2016 . Beck , the conservative radio and television host , used part of his radio show on Tuesday to talk about the prospect of Clinton running for president and why , if she does , she "  will be the next president of the United States . " "  She is going to win , " Beck said , matter-of-factly , because Clinton will convince voters that she is the candidate that can take the United States back to "  the golden years " of Bill Clinton 's administration . Beck said , "  Here 's what Hillary is going to do . -LSB- She will say -RSB- ` Do you remember when America was good ? Do you remember when we had jobs and we were building towards a brighter future , and things were really happening ? Clinton administration , we had it under control . Things were good , and they were n't great , we 're going to do better . We 're going to replant our flag in the traditional things that you understand . ' " Labor 's Trumka : Hillary Clinton is ` very , very qualified to be president ' Beck also knocked Republicans , telling viewers that the party will be unable to combat this message . "  We can talk about Ronald Reagan all we want , -LSB- but -RSB- nobody remembers Ronald Reagan . It was too long ago , " Beck said . "  The Clinton years are the golden years . " Howard Dean : I hope Hillary Clinton becomes president Beck added : "  While we -LSB- Republicans -RSB- are talking about technicalities and the past , they are going to be talking about a past that was brightly remembered and they will talk about the America we will become . She will win . " Democrat Jim Webb has doubts about Clinton 's record Hillary Clinton has yet to say whether she will run for president in 2016 , but she has admitted that she is thinking about it . Clinton has crisscrossed the country on a book tour this summer and stoked the presidential flames throughout most of the tour . Republicans have kept their focus on Clinton , and they 've argued that if the former secretary of state runs , she will become President Barack Obama 's third term , not Bill Clinton 's . Even some close to Clinton have quietly expressed concern that one of the most effective critiques could be that her presidency , should she run and be elected , would be nothing more than President Barack Obama 's third term . One Clinton friend and former aide told CNN in August that the best way to go after Clinton is to use this against her : "  If you like Obama , you will love Hillary . " Romney : Clinton wo n't be able to distance herself from Obama Rand Paul : Hillary Clinton would ` have been fired ' working for husband	Glenn Beck , conservative media host , thinks Hillary Clinton "  will be the next president " "  She is going to win , " Beck said with confidence He argued Clinton can convince Americans she will take the country back to Bill Clinton 's administration Republicans are too focused on Reagan , Beck said , and will be unable to overcome Clinton 's message
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A disgraced South Korean scientist -- who gained fame in 2004 when he claimed to have cloned human embryonic stem cells -- on Monday was convicted of embezzling money and illegally buying human eggs , state media reported . The Seoul Central District Court sentenced Hwang Woo-suk , 56 , to a two-year prison term , suspended for three years , the Yonhap news agency reported . The scientist in 2006 admitted faking his findings , after questions of impropriety had emerged . Reports of his studies had attracted worldwide attention and enthusiasm from researchers and patients excited about their potential for treating diseases such as cancer , diabetes and Alzheimer 's disease . In 2006 , prosecutors said Hwang masterminded the process of creating false studies on stem-cell technology . They also backed up his assertion that assistant researcher Kim Sun-jong deceived him with fake data that became part of the research . Prosecutors said Kim smuggled in-vitro fertilized stem cells into Hwang 's lab to make it look as though the scientist was successful in creating stem cells through cloning . Hwang was charged with accepting 2 billion won  $ 2.1 million at the time of charges  in private donations based on falsified research , prosecutors said . They also accused him of embezzling about 800 million won  $ 856,000 at the time of charges  in private and government research funds . Hwang apologized publicly in January 2006 after a panel of scientists from Seoul National University found he had not derived human stem cells from eggs , as he claimed . "  It is true that the research papers had fabricated data , and I will take full responsibility . I acknowledge this and apologize , " he said at the time . He acknowledged that much of the data and photographs published in the U.S.-based journal Science in 2004 and 2005 had been fabricated . The university panel 's report said Hwang did produce the world 's first cloned dog , Snuppy .	Hwang claim in 2004 to have cloned human embryonic stem cells In 2006 , the scientist admitted faking his findings He get two-year prison sentence , Yonhap reports Reports of his studies had attracted worldwide attention
Situated where the Philippines meets the Pacific Ocean , Guiuan had the look and feel of a tropical paradise -- replete with surf camps , resorts and pristine white beaches . Its location on Samar Island 's southeastern tip , in many ways , had been Guiuan 's greatest blessing . And now ? It could be seen as its greatest curse . When Super Typhoon Haiyan came ashore early Friday -- bringing sustained winds of 315 kph  195 mph  and gusts as strong as 380 kph  235 mph  -- it did so in Guiuan . Buildings collapsed , palm trees snapped , shelters ceased to be . And with devastation came desperate needs for , as one Guiuan put it , "  food , tents , everything . " As he noted : "  Everything is gone . " Guiuan was cut off from outside communication and many basic necessities until recently , when a C-130 military cargo plane flew over the ravaged area and landed at its small airport . The aircraft 's cargo bay was packed with supplies and Filipino troops . Once there , where should they start to help ? That 's hard to say , admits Guiuan Mayor Christopher Gonzales , given the scale of what 's happened . Almost all of his community 's 50,000 people are now homeless , thanks to Haiyan . "  If you want to look at our municipality , " Gonzales said , "  it 's total damage ; 100 % damage . " The troops do n't waste any time , quickly unloading drinking water and bags of rice , as residents watch from a safe distance . Some troops stay to participate in search-and-rescue operations in a place where the death toll is still far from settled . Within 20 minutes , the C-130 is back buzzing again . Its new load includes some people hurt by the storm , some with spinal injuries . Other more able-bodied people have found seats , hoping to get far from the misery that is likely to forever be associated with a place that many had considered paradise .	Super Typhoon Haiyan came ashore in Guiuan in the eastern Philippines Days later , the community is largely cut off and in need of basic necessities "  It 's total damage , 100 % damage , " community 's mayor says A military plane brings in rice and water , transports out injured
CNN  -- Police say the motorcyclist raced through traffic at reckless speeds in San Antonio , Texas , then posted a video to Facebook last week titled "  Catch Me If You Can . " It turns out , they could . Investigators searching for a stolen motorcycle found the man they suspect of being the reckless rider -- Alberto Rodriguez , 27 -- when he ran out the back door of the house , San Antonio Police Sgt. Javier Salazar said Monday . "  It was a coincidence , " he said . Detectives also found the stolen motorcycle , police said in a statement posted on the department 's Facebook page . "  Rodriguez faces his currently outstanding felony warrants , a misdemeanor assault warrant ,  and  possibly charges in connection with the stolen motorcycle , " police said . The video was posted to the police Facebook page under Rodriguez 's name , CNN affiliate KSAT reported . It shows a motorcyclist dangerously cutting through rush hour traffic in San Antonio at speeds of more than 100 mph , according to authorities . His helmet camera recorded every hair-raising moment as he squeezed between cars and trucks . Last week , authorities announced that they believed Rodriguez was the motorcyclist . "  Really all it would have taken was a split second for him to impact the lives of several people , possibly killing someone just by his very actions , " Salazar told CNN affiliate KSAT last week . It was not immediately clear whether Rodriguez has retained legal representation . Canadian wanted in YouTube 186-mph motorcycle ride surrenders CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Police say they caught the motorcyclist who posted "  catch me if you can " video Alberto Rodriguez was wanted on several charges , police say The video shows a motorcyclist weaving through traffic at breakneck speeds
Chicago  CNN  -- A Chicago jury found William Balfour , Jennifer Hudson 's former brother-in-law , guilty Friday on three counts of first-degree murder and four other counts related to the 2008 slayings of the entertainer 's mother , brother and 7-year-old nephew . He will be sentenced to life without parole ; Illinois has no death penalty . Hudson , who was in the courtroom with her sister Julia and fiance , David Otunga , broke down in tears as she heard the verdict . Otunga said , "  Yes , " and put his arm around her . Hours later , the two Hudson sisters released a statement thanking God , the prosecution team , "  the best police department " and "  people all over the world " for their support . "  It is our prayer that the Lord will forgive Mr. Balfour of these heinous acts and bring his heart into repentance someday , " the sisters said in the statement , which was posted to Jennifer Hudson 's website and linked to via Twitter . In addition to murder , Balfour was found guilty of aggravated kidnapping , home invasion , residential burglary and possession of a stolen vehicle . A public defender for Balfour said his legal team would file a motion for a new trial on June 8 and then file a notice of appeal . "  I do feel there were very strong issues of law in this case that need to be looked at by an appellate court , " Amy Thompson told reporters outside the courthouse . "  So we do have some hope . " CNN Legal Analyst Sunny Hostin expressed surprise at the verdict . "  This was n't a slam-dunk case , " she said , citing a lack of forensic evidence . The case went to the jury Thursday , after heated closing arguments Wednesday set a tense tone . In the middle of the afternoon on Friday , the jurors sent Judge Charles Burns notes saying they were split and asking to see testimony about cell phone records showing that Balfour 's phone was near the site of the killings at the time they took place . The split was then nine to three in favor of conviction , said juror Jacinta Gholston , who works for a Chicago-based chocolate company . "  There were three of us who just needed to see the picture a little clearer , " she told reporters after the verdict . The records proved key . An hour later , jurors told the judge they had reached a verdict . "  Once we got those holes filled , we were able to come to a unanimous decision , " Gholston said . Juror Paula Halcomb , a math teacher in the suburbs southwest of Chicago , also cited the cell phone records as persuasive . "  We realized that he could not be in two places at one time , " she said . Hudson 's testimony played no role in the jury 's decision . "  She did n't really say anything , " Halcomb said . Hudson , who was called as the prosecution 's first of more than 80 witnesses , broke down in tears several times on the stand as she recalled her family . "  None of us wanted her to marry him , " Hudson said of her sister 's decision to marry Balfour . "  We did not like how he treated her . "  Where he was , I tried not to be , " she said . "  This was n't a case about Jennifer Hudson , " Gholston said of the entertainer , who attended the trial each day . "  For us , her celebrity had nothing to do with it . " Jury foreman Robert Smith , 42 , who works for Chicago Public Schools , said the decision was an easy one for him . "  I was pretty much certain from the beginning , " he said of Balfour 's guilt . "  To me , everything connected . " Asked what he would tell Hudson , he said , "  Honest , I do n't really have anything to say to her . But I just hope that she can kind of put this behind her and just get on with the rest of her life . " Cook County State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez said the singer was "  was very emotional about the verdict , as you can well imagine , and so was her sister and the rest of the family -- emotional but relieved . " Defense lawyer Thompson had argued that police had homed in on Balfour rather than conducting a full investigation . "  In their mind , this was n't a whodunnit , " she said . No DNA evidence pointed to Balfour , said Thompson , who also questioned police work in the case , describing a set of keys that she said surfaced on an evidence list a month after the slayings . "  Those keys show how desperate the state was . They resorted to this . ... My client is an innocent man , " she said . But prosecutors argued that physical and circumstantial evidence linked Balfour to the killings and described as "  absurd " defense claims that police may have planted evidence or been part of a conspiracy to frame Balfour . Prosecutor Jim McKay told jurors that there was a "  tsunami of circumstantial evidence . " "  The circumstantial facts of this case are drowning this guy in guilt , " he said . Cook County prosecutor Jennifer Bagby said in her closing argument that Balfour had threatened to kill the family of Julia Hudson . "  If you leave me , I 'll kill you . I 'll kill your family first . You 'll be the last to die , " he had said , according to Bagby . "  He went in that house for one reason , and one reason only , to carry out that threat , " Bagby told jurors . Balfour was accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother , Darnell Donerson , 57 , and the singer 's brother , Jason Hudson , 29 , in their Chicago home in October 2008 . The body of Hudson 's nephew , Julian King , was found three days later in an abandoned vehicle . Prosecutors portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who murdered the three in a rage at the thought that his wife had a boyfriend . In her closing argument , Bagby said Balfour shot Hudson 's mother as she tried to defend herself with a broom . "  He fired that gun at her over and over and over , " Bagby said . McKay called Balfour "  a true coward . " "  He shoots a 57-year-old grandmother in the back . He shoots a 29-year-old man in his sleep . He shoots a 7-year-old twice in the head , " McKay told jurors . "  The family , the community , the city , the country demand justice . " In the trial , 83 witnesses testified over 11 days . The crimes took place a year after Hudson , who rose to fame as a contestant on "  American Idol , " won an Oscar for her role in the movie "  Dreamgirls . " In a recent interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Hudson reflected on the life of her mother . "  My mother was a very wise and strong person . I feel like she raised us well , and she prepared me well , and so that 's what I live by , " she said . Her career has continued to blossom and remains varied since her relatives ' deaths . Recent milestones include penning a memoir detailing her struggles with her weight ; being cast as Nelson Mandela 's ex-wife , Winnie , in an upcoming movie ; releasing a new album ; and singing a well-received tribute to Whitney Houston at the Grammy Awards in February . CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this report .	NEW : Hudson and her sister ask the Lord to forgive Balfour and for him to repent Balfour , found guilty on all counts , will be sentenced to life without parole CNN Legal Analyst Sunny Hostin : "  This was n't a slam-dunk case . " The defense says it will appeal
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A dozen old family photos were strewn across the table as Gary Neal picked them up one by one . Gary Neal lost his son Harrison to a prescription drug overdose at age 17 . The attorney from Tulsa , Oklahoma , reminisced about his teenage son , Harrison , who died two years ago at the age of 17 after fatally mixing over-the-counter cold medication and someone else 's prescription painkillers . "  There 's nothing worse as a parent than to see your kid on a gurney being rolled out of your house ... and placed in a hearse , " Neal , 61 , lamented . "  There 's nothing worse than that . " Hoping to get the word out that in the wrong hands , prescription drugs can be deadly , Neal joined forces this year with the New York-based Partnership for a Drug-Free America . "  We have 20 percent of our teenagers , one in five , who have admitted to abusing a prescription medication , " said Steve Pasierb , president of the organization . "  We know that is based on their attitudes and beliefs that this is safer . " Pasierb 's group , along with drug maker Abbott , launched an anti-drug campaign this summer called Not in My House . Health Minute : Watch more on one father 's quest to raise awareness " The Internet-based educational campaign is aimed at educating not just teens but their parents about the dangers of prescription medications . "  This is unlike any drug issue we 've ever dealt with , " Pasierb explained . "  Supply can be controlled in our own house . We 're not talking about Afghanistan or Colombia . We 're talking about your house and my house . " Neal learned that his son started experimenting with drugs such as marijuana when he was 15 . "  It was one of those things I was n't happy about , but I did n't think it was the end of the world . " Neal restricted Harrison 's after-school activities , but he said that when the behavior continued , he ordered his son to submit to home and professional drug tests . He also enrolled Harrison in an outpatient drug treatment program the summer before his death . Neal suspected that the problems were n't behind them , but he was unaware that the teen was abusing prescription drugs . "  I do n't think he knew that his abuse of these prescription drugs would be deadly , " Neal added . That 's part of the problem being addressed by Pasierb 's group . "  It 's this belief that they 've found something safe . ` Grandma uses it . I can take a couple from her bottle , ' " Pasierb explained . "  When they 're not used with a prescription and the way they are intended , prescription drugs can be every bit as dangerous , every bit as addictive , every bit as deadly as illegal street drugs . " What 's more , Pasierb said , "  Over the past eight to 10 years , adolescent substance abuse , teen drinking and teen smoking have all been in a steady decline . The only thing that has been resistant to that progress has been prescription drug abuse . " Pasierb put part of the blame on parents . The drugs of choice when they were young tended to be illegal ones : marijuana , heroin , cocaine . "  This idea of purposely abusing prescription drugs did n't go on when they were teenagers themselves , " he said . Part of the Not in My House campaign appeals directly to parents to take action starting with their own medicine cabinets . "  When we get them the message , a light bulb goes off and they are immediately mobilized , " Pasierb said . "  They go home , they clean out their medicine cabinet ... and they talk with their kids . " Specifically , the Not in My House campaign recommended that parents take an inventory of prescription medications at home , counting pills left in the bottle or package after every use . Medications should be stored in a safe place that is not readily accessible to everyone in the house . Finally , leftover or expired prescription pills should be disposed of properly . Experts cautioned not to flush medications down the toilet where they could harm the water supply but to place drugs in a an opaque container with something unpleasant mixed in , such as cat litter . The bottle should be sealed and placed in the trash . With the second anniversary of Harrison Neal 's death approaching , his father still has a lot of questions and doubts . "  Could I have done it better ? Could I have done it different ? Would the results have been different ? You never know the answers to those questions because you never get a second chance . "  I 've lamented his death every second since he died and will live with it the rest of my life . "	One in five teens has admitted to abusing a prescription medication Anti-drug campaign aims to educate teens and their parents of danger "  Not in My House " recommends parents take an inventory of meds
CNN  If Azealia Banks is asked to leave the United States , that will probably be OK with her . "  I hate everything about this country , " the rapper told Playboy interviewer Rob Tannenbaum . "  Like , I hate fat white Americans . All the people who are crunched into the middle of America , the real fat and meat of America , are these racist conservative white people who live on their farms . Those little teenage girls who work at Kmart and have a racist grandma -- that 's really America . " Those comments were preceded by remarks about race and racism , topics she frequently addresses on her no-holds-barred Twitter feed . "  It 's always about race . Lorde can run her mouth and talk sh*t about all these other b *** hes , but y' all are n't saying she 's angry . If I have something to say , I get pushed into the corner , " she said . "  Really , the generational effects of Jim Crow and poverty linger on . As long as I have my money , I 'm getting the f**k out of here and I 'm gon na leave y' all to your own devices . " Her comments were n't limited to issues . Banks also lashed out at fellow artists Pharrell , Kendrick Lamar and Kanye West . "  In American society , the game is to be a nonthreatening black person , " she said . "  That 's why you have Pharrell or Kendrick Lamar saying , ` How can we expect people to respect us if we do n't respect ourselves ? ' He 's playing that nonthreatening black man sh*t , and that gets all the white soccer moms going , ` We love him . ' "  Even Kanye West plays a little bit of that game , " she added . She did approve of Jay Z , noting that "  has n't played any of those games . " The interview appears in Playboy 's April issue .	Azealia Banks sounds off on "  fat white Americans , " "  racist conservative white people " Banks : "  The generational effects of Jim Crow and poverty linger on " The rapper gives an interview in the April issue of Playboy
CNN  -- Formula One 's governing body is taking the unusual step of rewriting its own rulebook in the middle of the season in an attempt to end the tire crisis threatening to undermine the sport . The FIA has acted quickly by deciding to amend two rules which ban race drivers testing and prevent tires being changed during the season . The drivers and teams had called for urgent action after a series of dramatic tire blow-outs compromised driver safety at the British Grand Prix Sunday . Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton , who lost the race lead when his left-rear tire unravelled on lap eight , the Ferraris of Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso , Toro Rosso 's Jean-Eric Vergne , McLaren 's Sergio Perez and Sauber 's Esteban Gutierrez were all affected by tires failures . In response to the chaotic scenes at Silverstone , the FIA has proposed that race drivers take part in a tire development test at the British circuit on July 17-19 . The test had originally been set aside for the teams to trial their young drivers , who are now set to miss out on a rare opportunity to drive an F1 car . "  Our priority is to ensure safety for all in Formula One and we believe the incidents at Silverstone represent a genuine safety concern for the drivers , " said FIA President Jean Todt . "  We have thus taken the decision to alter the Young Driver Test in a bid to solve the problems we saw at the British Grand Prix . I believe it is fitting to carry out this work at the circuit upon which the issues were manifested . " The FIA 's World Motorsport Council now has to give the green light to the rule changes , but that is expected to be a formality . F1 's sole tire supplier Pirelli is due to announce its response to the chaos at the British GP later on Tuesday . The Italian manufacturer said at Silverstone it had been looking forward to focusing on the racing after being reprimanded at an FIA hearing for organizing a three-day tire test with Mercedes in May -- but instead Pirelli has found itself once again the center of unwanted attention . Mercedes -- who were also reprimanded by the FIA for using race drivers Hamilton and Nico Rosberg and a 2013 car at the controversial Barcelona tire test -- have decided to sit out the Silverstone test for the sake of harmony within the sport . The German team 's "  secret " test still riles their rivals -- especially as they have since won races in Monaco and Britain -- but the shocking tire explosions at the British GP have underlined the need for Pirelli to find a legitimate solution to the tire failures . Pirelli had wanted to introduce a new tire construction at the Canadian Grand Prix in June but failed to get all the teams to agree to the plan at a meeting in Monaco . A spate of worryingly delaminations -- where the tire layers separate -- earlier in the season had led to concerns the tires were not safe . When Pirelli took over from Bridgestone as F1 's official tire supplier in 2011 , the rubber was deliberately designed to be less durable so that teams would do more pit stops and the racing would be more unpredictable . But subsequent changes to the construction of the 2013 tire , based on the same principles , have now provoked not just unpredictability but chaos on the track .	Formula One to change rules on in-season testing and tire changes Teams to run tire tests at Silverstone on July 17-19 FIA president Jean Todt says driver safety must be the priority Six tire blow-outs at the British Grand Prix have inflated safety concerns
CNN  -- I was born in Tallahassee , Florida , in 1954 , the year of the landmark school desegregation case , Brown v. Board of Education . The struggle for integration has shaped my life from the very beginning . When my father , an art professor at Florida A&M University , sought to pursue his doctorate in art education at Florida State University , the state of Florida chose to pay his transportation to Penn State rather than open its doors to an African-American graduate student . In 1957 , he completed his degree at Penn State , and in 1958 became the first African-American professor at Bridgewater State College , now Bridgewater State University , in Massachusetts , where I grew up . My parents were part of the great migration , moving to the North to escape segregation . They achieved their goal . My three siblings and I attended predominantly white public schools in our small Massachusetts town without protest or high court drama , and graduated well-prepared for the colleges we all attended . Forty-four years later , in 2002 , my husband and I left Massachusetts and returned to the South -- initiating our family 's reverse migration . Eventually our sons , and even my parents , moved to Atlanta , too . They returned to a region very different than the one they remembered . Fifty years after the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , their choice of housing and their freedom of movement are unencumbered by race . But 60 years after racial segregation was outlawed in schools , public education is again segregating along racial lines . And not just in the South , but across the United States . Schools are more segregated today than in the 1980s , according to a new report released by researchers at UCLA 's Civil Rights Project , "  Brown at 60 : Great Progress , a Long Retreat and Uncertain Future . " This is the result of continued patterns of residential segregation , and a series of Supreme Court decisions that have quietly undermined the implementation of Brown through a shift away from court-ordered busing and other mandated desegregation strategies . As school districts move back to "  neighborhood school " policies , white students will likely have less school contact with people of color than their parents had . Particularly for young white children , interaction with people of color is likely to be a virtual reality rather than an actual one , with media images  often negative ones  most clearly shaping their attitudes and perceived knowledge of communities of color . For students of color , the return to segregation means the increased likelihood of attending a school with limited resources . Most highly segregated black and Latino schools have high percentages of poor children . At most highly segregated white schools , middle-class students are in the majority . The negative educational impact of attending high-poverty schools is well-documented . Whether a student comes from a poor or middle-income family , academic achievement is likely to decline if the student attends a high-poverty school . Conversely , academic performance is likely to improve if the student attends a middle-class school , even if his or her own family is poor . The learning conditions which are taken for granted in middle-class suburban schools are too often absent in impoverished classrooms . It is not surprising that the outcomes associated with high-poverty schools across the country are bleak : lower test scores , higher dropout rates , fewer course offerings and low levels of college attendance . If we remember that the original impetus for the Brown lawsuit was not simply a symbolic fight for the acknowledgment of the equality of all children , but a struggle for equal access to publicly funded educational resources , we can see that the struggle continues . So , what must we do ? In particular , white children will need to be in schools that are intentional about helping them understand social justice issues like prejudice , discrimination and racism , empowering them to think critically about the stereotypes to which they are exposed in the culture . Such tools are needed to help them acquire the social skills necessary to function effectively in a diverse world , and are essential for continued progress in a society still struggling to disentangle the racism woven into the fabric of its founding . The hopeful news is that there are educators around the country working hard to create anti-racist classrooms and learning environments even when their classrooms are predominantly white . Children of color in under-resourced , racially isolated schools also need these same tools . But they will also require powerful advocates to insure that they have committed and well-trained teachers , a challenging curriculum and the educational resources needed to inspire their own striving for excellence . Providing these resources equitably is a daunting task , one that has never been accomplished in the history of education in the United States . Yet we fail to do it at our own peril . In 2014 , the question we all must ask is : How do we build strong school communities where every student , regardless of race , is supported to achieve his or her personal best , and teach the skills needed to live in healthy , democratic society ? When we can answer that question , the promise of Brown v. Board of Education will be fulfilled .	The 60th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education is May 17 , 2014 The Supreme Court case desegregated public schools Public schools are again segregating along racial lines Spelman College president : We fail to address school segregation at "  our own peril "
CNN  -- It 's an illuminating idea which its creators hope will help drive up energy efficiency and bring down buildings ' carbon emissions . Mixing the idea of Google 's Street View with multi-spectral thermal camera technology , Massachusetts-based startup Essess is building a giant database mapping residential and commercial properties in the U.S. . The project is the idea of Sanjay Sarma , professor of mechanical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  who wanted to create a way of identifying and remedying inefficiencies in buildings . Essess currently has a fleet of five cars mounted with thermal cameras that take a matter of seconds to assess an individual building . The brighter the colors , the greater the "  heat leak . " Company CEO , Storm Duncan says they are capturing around two to three million buildings per month at the moment . "  The purpose of the approach is to provide a snapshot of the energy efficiency . It answers about 20-30 % of the problems of your home . " Duncan said . "  I consider it a fabulous way to start a broader dialogue about the more comprehensive  energy  profile , " he added . Essess have also developed computer programs that generate energy reports highlighting specific areas of concern and calculating their cost -- financially and environmentally . The beauty of the reporting system  see gallery  is its simplicity , says Duncan , with consumers immediately getting a sense of how efficient their homes really are . The database will also create what he calls "  an eco-system around building efficiency " becoming the cornerstone of a competitive hub where homeowners can link up with specialists who can remedy problems . Buildings consume around 40 % of the U.S. 's total energy requirements annually , according to the Department of Energy , with over one third of that power going to waste . The company is evolving a business model which Duncan hopes will mean customers wo n't pay a cent to view information about their home . Instead , audits will potentially become part of the service provided by real estate databases like Zillow and Trulia , Duncan says . Essess hope to have covered 10 % of the U.S. 's 125 million properties by the end of the year . Thermal imaging surveys are nothing new , but widespread access to them is says Stewart Little , CEO of British thermal imaging company , IRT . "  Back in the 1980s the cameras cost about Â # 250,000  $ 400,000  . Now they cost around Â # 5,000  $ 8,000  . So the technology 's moved on lots and lowered the barrier to entry for companies to go and do it . " IRT have surveyed around 200,000 UK homes since they were founded in 2002 , and also offer customers quantified thermal images showing the financial and carbon costs of energy leaks . It 's a strategy that 's proved highly successful in motivating people to insulate their homes , Little says . The UK 's Energy Saving Trust says online surveys and energy monitors can also help homeowners track their energy usage . They estimate that savings could save up to $ 380 a year by improving insulation . "  The challenge is to do something about it , " says Rob Bell , a energy consultant and former business development with the Energy Saving Trust . "  With gas and electricity prices only looking like they are going in one direction , the amount you can save is also upwards as well , " he added . "  The headline figures around how much you can save could be the catalyst to get you from being aware to doing something about it . "	U.S. startup hoping to improve energy efficiency by capturing thermal images of millions of homes Drive-by thermal imaging provides a snapshot of a building 's energy weak spots Essess has imaged three million out of 125 million properties in the U.S. so far
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 29 people were killed and more than 120 others wounded in a dozen car bomb explosions in Baghdad and Kirkuk on Wednesday , police said . In Baghdad , 10 car bombs exploded in the predominately Shiite neighborhoods , killing 24 people and wounding 110 others Wednesday evening . The 10 car bombs exploded within two hours in the Baghdad communities of Kadhimiyah , Sadr City , Saidiya , Mashtal , Baghdad al-Jadida , Al-Husseiniyah and Zafraniyah . Two car bombs exploded in the oil-rich and ethnically mixed city of Kirkuk , about 240 kilometers  149 miles  north of Baghdad . The blasts killed five people and wounded 10 others Wednesday morning , police said . These attacks came amid growing tensions between Sunnis and Shiites , especially after an incident in Hawija in Kirkuk province , where Iraqi security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . A clash between security forces and gunmen last month killed at least 50 people and wounded more than 85 others . Sunnis , who comprise a minority of Iraqis , had clout during the Saddam Hussein era but have been politically marginalized since his overthrow . Shiites , who make up a majority of Iraqis , now dominate the government . Since December , tens of thousands of demonstrators have taken to the streets of predominately Sunni provinces -- including Anbar , Nineveh , Salaheddin and Diyala -- demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what they call second-class treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community . Such turnouts include protests at al-Atisam Square in Hawija . More people died violently in Iraq in April than in any other month since June 2008 , the United Nations said . A total of 712 people died and 1,633 more sustained injuries "  in acts of terrorism and acts of violence , " the UN Assistance Mission for Iraq said . Civilians made up most of the fatalities , 595 in total . They were also the vast majority of injured , numbering 1,438 . Baghdad saw the most deaths with 697 fatalities . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Ten car bombs in Baghdad explode within two hours , killing 24 people Two car bombs in Kirkuk in northern Iraq kill five people April is deadliest month since June 2008 , United Nations says Tensions are roiling between Sunnis and Shiites
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A former kingpin for a Colombian drug cartel pleaded guilty Tuesday in U.S. District Court to charges of drug trafficking , obstruction of justice by murder and racketeering , federal officials said . Authorities say Montoya , known as "  Don Diego , " was the head of the Norte del Valle drug cartel . Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez had faced 15 criminal charges , said Montoya 's Miami attorney , Bill Clay . "  As is often the case in plea agreements , there are concessions and benefits a defendant gets , " Clay told CNN . "  There are benefits that are very valuable to Montoya . Twelve counts will be dismissed at the time of sentencing . " Montoya 's plea covered two federal cases . In one , prosecuted by the U.S. attorney 's office in Miami , Montoya admitted to one count of conspiracy to import more than 5 kilograms  11 pounds  of cocaine into the United States and one count of obstruction of justice by murder , federal officials said . In the second case , prosecuted in the District of Columbia , Montoya pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to engage racketeering . That case was transferred to Miami for the plea . Sentencing is set for October 21 , Clay said . By statute , Montoya could be sentenced to life in prison , but he will not , the attorney said . He said he believes prosecutors will ask for a 45-year sentence . Federal officials lauded the plea agreement Tuesday . "  This notorious leader of the extremely violent Norte Valle Cartel is where he belongs : behind bars for murder , drug trafficking and racketeering , " acting Drug Enforcement Agency Administrator Michele M. Leonhart said in a news release . Montoya , 48 , had a $ 5 million reward on his head before his capture in Colombia in September 2007 and extradition to the United States 15 months later . He had been on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list since 2004 . Authorities say Montoya , known as "  Don Diego , " was the head of the Norte Valle drug cartel . The FBI called the cartel "  the most powerful and violent drug trafficking organization in Colombia . " The Justice Department said Tuesday that , "  based upon FBI estimates , at its peak the Norte Valle Cartel was responsible for 60 percent of the cocaine exported from Colombia to the United States . ...  B  etween 1990 and 2004 , the Norte Valle Cartel exported more than 1.2 million pounds , or 500 metric tons , of cocaine worth more than $ 10 billion from Colombia to the United States . " Even though he did not have to , Montoya chose to make a statement to Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga , the Colombian 's attorney said . "  He said to the judge he wanted to express remorse to his family and to the families of the victims of his criminal conduct , " Clay said . Montoya is the fourth member of his family to be convicted as part of the Florida case , officials said Tuesday . A brother pleaded guilty in January to one count of conspiracy to import more than 5 kilograms of cocaine into the United States and one count of obstruction of justice by murder . He was sentenced to 30 years in prison . In November 2005 , officials said , another brother and a cousin each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to import more than 5 kilograms of cocaine into the United States . Each received a sentence of more than 20 years .	Former kingpin for Colombian drug cartel pleads guilty in U.S. District Court Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez had $ 5 million reward on his head before his capture FBI calls cartel "  most powerful and violent drug trafficking organization in Colombia "
CNN  -- Stratfor , a global intelligence company , has been hacked but it was unclear Monday whether the breach and apparent release of credit card information was the work of the activist hacking group Anonymous . A posting on the website Pastebin said that Stratfor subscriber data , including information on 4,000 credit cards and the company 's "  private client " list , had been released . The posting cited AntiSec , a Web-based collaboration with the activist hacking groups Anonymous and LulzSec . U.S.-based Stratfor , which provides independent analysis of international affairs and security threats and describes itself as a publisher of geopolitical analysis , sent an e-mail Sunday to subscribers . "  On December 24th an unauthorized party disclosed personally identifiable information and related credit card data of some of our members , " it said . "  We have reason to believe that your personal and credit card data could have been included in the information that was illegally obtained and disclosed . " Allen Barr of Austin , Texas , told CNN he was victimized by the misuse of his private information that was hacked from the website before it was posted on websites on the 24th . A week ago , unauthorized charges totaling $ 700 were billed to his Visa debit card , he said . The total was charged in increments to a number of charities over the course of about 30 minutes , he said . But the company quickly identified the transactions as suspicious and called Barr 's house , he said . In short order , he had canceled the card , but not before his credit union checking account had been debited , he said . Rectifying that required half a day spent filing police reports and affidavits , he said . "  Two days later , they said that they would credit back my funds , pending completion of the investigation , " he added . Stratfor said the claim that the data included the firm 's "  private clients " was wrong . "  Contrary to this assertion the disclosure was merely a list of some of the members that have purchased our publications and does not comprise a list of individuals or entities that have a relationship with Stratfor beyond their purchase of our subscription-based publications , " CEO George Friedman said in an e-mail to members . The firm provides intelligence reports to subscribers . A recent e-mail discussed political prospects for Iraq . The information-sharing website Pastebin posted a news release it said was from Anonymous that said the group had nothing to do with the cyberattack on Stratfor . "  Stratfor is an open-source intelligence agency , publishing daily reports on data collected from the open Internet , " the posting said . "  Hackers claiming to be Anonymous have distorted this truth in order to further their hidden agenda , and some Anons have taken the bait . " "  The leaked client list represents subscribers to a daily publication which is the primary service of Stratfor , " it continued . "  Stratfor analysts are widely considered to be extremely unbiased . Anonymous does not attack media sources . " Stratfor 's Friedman said the company is working closely with law enforcement . "  Stratfor 's relationship with its members and , in particular , the confidentiality of their subscriber information , are very important to Stratfor and me , " he wrote on the firm 's Facebook page . "  We have reason to believe that the names of our corporate subscribers have been posted on other web sites , " the Austin , Texas , company said . "  We are diligently investigating the extent to which subscriber information may have been obtained . " Asked about the hacking , Pentagon spokesman George Little said Sunday that "  Initial indications suggest that there has been no impact " to the Department of Defense grid . Stratfor 's website was not functioning Monday . A banner read , "  Site is currently undergoing maintenance . Please check back soon . " Weekend online postings regarding the Stratfor situation mentioned Army Pfc. Bradley Manning , who served as an intelligence analyst in Iraq . He faces 22 charges related to the leak of nearly 750,000 U.S. military and State Department documents . Most of them ended up on the WikiLeaks website . "  While the rich and powerful are enjoying themselves with all their bourgeois gifts and lavish meals , our comrade Bradley Manning is not having that great of a time in federal custody , " said a Pastebin posting . "  Instead of being heralded as a fighter for free information and government transparency , he is criminalized , marginalized , and incarcerated , threatened with life imprisonment . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	The Austin , Texas , company Stratfor is targeted Hackers said they released credit card info , client list Conflicting information on whether activist group Anonymous involved
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When a woman dates a much older man , bystanders often speculate that she has only the most superficial of motives . French actress Ludivine Sagnier stars in veteran New Wave filmmaker Claude Chabrol 's "  The Girl Cut in Two . " In "  The Girl Cut in Two , " veteran French filmmaker Claude Chabrol tells the story of one young woman for whom just the opposite is true . It stars French starlet Ludivine Sagnier as a young woman who rejects the amorous advances of a flashy , wealthy man her age , in favor of a sleazy affair with a fickle , 60 year-old father figure . Sagnier 's desire to take on the role was also motivated by the allure of a much older man : Chabrol . "  The idea of working with Claude Chabrol was the main attraction at the beginning , " she told CNN . "  He is a great French director , one of the pioneers of the French New Wave . " "  The guy has so much experience . I felt like I was a journalist , always asking things , " continues Sagnier . "  He 's very old ... he 's been through many , many things . This was his 66th movie , or something like that . " Sagnier describes her character , Gabrielle de Neige , a charming , 20-something television weather girl , as "  very naive . " "  She falls in a trap like a poor little lamb and she gets eaten by wolves . "  The thing is , she does n't have a dad , so she lacks affection , and sometimes that lack of affection can drive you to make mistakes . "  I 'd say I 'm stronger than that , " says 29 year-old Sagnier , who is perhaps best-known for her provocative portrayal of a highly-sexualized teenager opposite Charlotte Rampling in Francois Ozon 's 2003 drama , "  Swimming Pool . " Sagnier who is often compared with screen sirens like Brigitte Bardot and Catherine Deneuve , drew international acclaim for a series of films in 2002 and 2003 , but has recently has been taking smaller roles . Many of the qualities that attracted Sagnier to Chabrol are similar to those that draw her on-screen alter-ego Gabrielle to writer Charles Saint-Denis  Francois Berleand  -- Charles ' knowledge of life , literature and his ability to treat her like a little girl , not as an equal . Sagnier says of working with Chabrol : "  It was like opening a cinema book , because when you work with him he talks to you about Hitchcock , he talks to you about Kubrick . "  He met everyone , so he 's full of anecdotes , so you want to know more . " Chabrol began his career in 1956 , earning his stripes alongside fellow New Wave directors Jean-Luc Godard and Francois Truffaut . He became famous in the late 1960s for suspense thrillers such as "  La Femme Infidele "  1969  and "  Le Boucher "  1971  . He has continued working prolifically in film and television ever since . Chabrol co-wrote the screenplay for the heartbreak drama , in which Sagnier character is consistently disappointed in love and let down by the men around her , with his step-daughter , Cecile Maistre , who also served as assistant director on the film . At the end of "  The Girl Cut In Two , " Sagnier appears on stage as a magician 's assistant , smiling in the spotlight as she hears applause rise from the audience , the attention perhaps curing her depression over lovers lost . She lies in a box , appearing to be cut in half , the trick functioning as an almost literal embodiment of the film 's title -- but clearly there 's more to it than meets the eye . "  She cuts into two men first of all , and she 's also cut in two different sides of her personality , " said Sagnier . "  She has a part of shade and a part of lightness . " Sagnier 's fate since her collaboration with Chabrol has , thankfully , been a decidedly rosier affair : Since finishing "  The Girl Cut in Two , " she has starred in Jean-Francois Richet 's , "  Public Enemy No. 1 , " which received more nominations than any other film at the 2009 Cesar Awards , France 's equivalent of the Oscars . The indefatigable Chabrol has recently wrapped up yet another film : "  Bellamy " starring Gerard Depardieu . "  The Girl Cut In Two " is released in the UK on 22 May 2009	French starlet Ludivine Sagnier stars in "  The Girl Cut In Two " It tells the story of a young woman who embarks on an affair with an older man It was directed by prolific French New Wave veteran Claude Chabrol Sagnier on Chabrol : "  He is a great French director , one of the pioneers "
Editor 's note : The following story , based on testimony in Phillip Garrido 's trial for a 1976 kidnapping , contains some sexually explicit material . Phillip Garrido is show in an early mug shot taken in connection with the 1976 rape and abduction case . CNN  -- Fifteen years before the girl was held captive in the shed , there was the woman in the warehouse -- and at least one other woman who escaped capture . Phillip Garrido , who with his wife is charged in the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , had been convicted of kidnapping before . When he stalked , kidnapped and raped Katie Callaway Hall on November 22 , 1976 , he fulfilled an overpowering sexual fantasy that he had methodically planned for weeks , according to court records obtained by CNN . He told police it was his second kidnapping attempt of the day . Those facts came to light in Garrido 's 1977 trial , in which he was convicted and sentenced to 50 years for kidnapping and rape . In her testimony , Hall said Garrido asked for a ride in her car , then bound and handcuffed her before taking her to a small warehouse in Reno , Nevada , where he repeatedly raped her for 5 1/2 hours . It was not an act of impulse . "  He told me he had been renting it -LSB- the small warehouse -RSB- for a couple weeks , preparing it , " Hall testified . Watch how Garrido prepared for and explained the kidnapping " It is CNN policy to withhold the identity of alleged victims of sexual assault . But in this case , Hall recounted her ordeal last week in an interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " saying it changed her life forever . "  I had to tell everyone I met what had happened to me -- because I did n't feel like myself . It was as if I had to explain why I was n't ` normal , ' " she said . Watch Hall describe her ordeal " She was not his first victim that day . The trial transcript reveals that Garrido told authorities that one hour before Hall 's kidnapping , he tried to kidnap another woman , who wrestled away and escaped . And , police in Antioch disclosed last week that Garrido was charged with raping a 14-year-old in 1972 , but the charges were dropped because the victim refused to testify . Watch details of the 1972 case " In the case involving Hall , CNN reviewed the 1977 trial documents , which include Garrido 's psychiatric evaluation and the testimony of Hall and Garrido . The documents reveal a pattern of behavior that Garrido is accused of repeating in the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , who was recently found after being kept in a shed for 18 years . The 32-year-old documents also detail Garrido 's self-described struggle with drugs and his efforts to control his sexual obsessions . Can sex offenders be cured ? " Garrido and his wife , Nancy , have pleaded not guilty to charges involving Dugard 's abduction , but police say he admitted kidnapping her in his initial interview . Police say Garrido and his wife kidnapped Dugard outside her home in South Lake Tahoe , California , and took her to an elaborate compound hidden in the backyard of their Antioch , California , home more than 160 miles away . Tucked behind overgrown trees and a fence were tents , outbuildings and a soundproof shed where Dugard lived with the two daughters she had with her captor . Out of sight Garrido took great pains to make sure nobody could find the camp , not even the parole officer who visited twice a month at times , police said . Hall , too , was taken directly to a carefully prepped small warehouse after her kidnapping . As they drove from South Lake Tahoe , California , where she was abducted , to Reno , she tried to persuade Garrido to rape her in the bushes . "  I asked him , could n't we just pull over and get it over with , " she testified . But Garrido was determined . "  You might as well get that our of your mind ; you are going with me , you have got no choice , " Hall testified Garrido told her , according to court transcripts . "  I have it all planned . " He had set up the mini-warehouse in Reno exactly as he wanted , and worked to ensure nobody would inquire about it . He asked a man who lived in a storage unit 30 feet away to call him should any unknown vehicles show up . The mini-warehouse was meticulously furnished . On the other side of an unassuming metal , garage-style door , the walls were covered in long , heavy rugs hanging from the ceiling . Thick opaque plastic sheets were scattered throughout , creating a maze-like atmosphere that prohibited anyone from seeing all the way through , Hall testified . Staging the attacks In the back , Garrido created a space set up like a stage . At the center was a mattress covered with an old , red satin , hole-ridden sheet and a fur blanket , Hall testified . Illuminating the bed were red , yellow and blue stage lights , with a stack of pornographic magazines and a projector alongside it . His intent , a prosecution psychologist said , could n't have been clearer based on the methodical planning . From the moment she got to the mini-warehouse , Hall said it was clear to her Garrido was a man on a mission . "  He knew what he was doing , " she testified . " -LSB- He -RSB- knew exactly how he was going to do it . " She testified that it was there that he raped her for 5 1/2 hours . As he drank wine and she smoked a small bit of hashish , Hall said she kept track of the time by listening to a radio , which regularly announced the time . Hall did n't know that she was n't originally part of the plan , although Garrido alluded to the fact he had n't targeted her , saying it was n't intentional that she was taken . "  Could have been anybody , " Hall recalled him saying , adding he told her it was her fault because she was attractive . He did n't say that his original plan had gone awry one hour earlier . Victim managed to escape Despite his planning , there was one thing Garrido had n't accounted for -- that one of his intended victims would fight back . One hour before Hall was kidnapped in her own vehicle , Garrido asked a different woman in South Lake Tahoe , California , for a ride . Like Hall , she obliged . But when he tried to handcuff her , he only secured one hand . "  She jumped out of the vehicle , struggling with him , " prosecutors told the judge during a private conversation during the trial . When he unlocked the one handcuff , she escaped by jumping out of the moving car and running up the street . That kidnapping attempt came to light in a conversation between the prosecutor , defense attorney and judge in the case , according to the trial transcript . Despite prosecutors ' wishes , the details of the first kidnapping attempt were kept from the jury , after a judge ruled they were n't necessary to prove Garrido 's intent to kidnap . The court documents also discussed Garrido 's use of marijuana , cocaine and LSD , which Garrido said was so heavy it fueled his sexual desires and sometimes pushed him to a point he could no longer control them . He said he responded to the urges by masturbating in drive-in movie theaters , restaurants , bathrooms , bars and while watching partially clothed or naked women in their homes . An interest in young girls Though police have recently said they never expected Garrido would have kidnapped someone as young as Dugard based on his record , Garrido 's own words during his trial showed young girls did grab his attention . Watch how Garrido slipped through the cracks " He admitted masturbating in his car while watching small girls outside their school . Sometimes , he said , he would open the car door , get out and pull down his pants . His own explanation of his sexual fantasies hinted at an obsession with sexual bondage and captivity . "  There has been a type of bondage pictures , " he said , when asked if certain images heightened his arousal . "  Women in handcuffs , chained . " On the night he took Hall captive and bound her with a leather strap in her car , he said he took four hits of LSD , a drug that he said he used daily for at least four years , sometimes taking up to 10 hits at a time . He said when he used the drug it acted as a sexual stimulant . "  I had this fantasy that was driving me to do this inside of me , " Garrido testified . "  Something that was making me want to do it without -- no way to stop . " Garrido said the urges would strike and continue to build until he was "  overcome " with sexual cravings . Hall was curious , too , even during her kidnapping , what would make Garrido do this to her . So she asked him . "  He said that he did n't get off on pain , " Hall recalled during her testimony . "  It was just a fantasy he had to live out . "	Trial transcripts show Phillip Garrido tried to kidnap woman before Katie Hall in 1976 Garrido methodically prepared places to bring kidnapped Hall Kidnap suspect spoke in trial about his drug-fueled , uncontrollable sexual urges "  You are going with me , you have got no choice , " Hall recalls Garrido saying
CNN  -- Two Southwest Airlines flights from Orange County , California , to Phoenix were the subject of security scares Tuesday night , and authorities are investigating whether the incidents are linked . Both planes were eventually cleared after officials determined a threat did not exist . Southwest Airlines flight 811 was headed to Phoenix 's Sky Harbor International Airport from John Wayne Airport when officials removed passengers and brought in a bomb squad and canine units to search the plane , said Laura Eimiller , FBI spokeswoman in the agency 's Los Angeles office said . "  No threats of any kind " were found , said Orange County Sheriff 's Lt. Joe Balicki . In the second incident , Southwest flight 1184 was taken to an isolated area at Sky Harbor after it flew in from John Wayne Airport after authorities received a "  non-specific threat , " said Ashley Dillon , the spokeswoman for the airline in Dallas . Passengers and their bags were re-screened . and authorities did not find anything , Dillon said . "  We take any kind of threat seriously , " she said .	Both planes are eventually cleared One flight was searched at John Wayne Airport The other at Phoenix 's Sky Harbor
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Presenting mooncakes to relatives and business associates may be an integral part of China 's Mid-Autumn Festival celebrations , but a new law aims to dampen the spirit of mooncake giving -- at least among government officials . As announced by the Communist Party 's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection , and reported by the state-run Xinhua news agency , the Chinese government has announced that officials will no longer be able to use public money to send mooncakes as gifts during the festival . This year 's Mid-Autumn Festival falls on September 19 . The new restriction is being presented as part of President Xi Jinping 's campaign against corruption and official largesse . "  Superior departments and officials should seize on the trend of these luxurious celebrations and be courageous enough to spot and rectify decadent behavior in a timely manner while setting an example themselves , " the party circular read . The traditional pastry eaten during the Mid-Autumn Festival is normally filled with salted duck egg yolk and lotus seed paste . The egg yolk inside symbolizes the moon -- each piece can contain up to 1,000 calories . Mainland China and Hong Kong are particularly devoted to mooncakes . Come the fifteenth day of the eighth month of the lunar calendar , many bakeries set up special mooncake counters just to service customers seeking the pastries . "  Ninety percent of people who buy mooncakes give them to others , " says Karlson Wong , head of sales and marketing at Kee Wah Bakery , one of Hong Kong 's oldest bakeries . "  It 's an opportunity to show respect and build relationships . " Mooncake graft A traditional time for family members to gather , the Mid-Autumn Festival has a unique gift-giving culture . Although gifts and "  lucky " envelopes filled with cash are exchanged during Chinese New Year , these must typically be accompanied by personal visits to people 's homes . Not so for the Mid-Autumn Festival . Gifts can be sent by mail , opening up a whole new world of opportunity to pay respect to many people in a wide network all at once . In recent years , mooncake giving has exploded in mainland China . Boxes worth upward of RMB 2,000  $ 318  are snapped up by businesspeople eager to bet their business relations on a cake . Expensive mooncake packages have been known to include high-grade tea leaves , bottles of alcohol or hidden envelopes of cash or coupons for luxury goods , riding the fine line between gifting and bribing . Last year , mainland authorities began enforcing a rule on gift packages , disallowing all non-mooncake items from packs labeled "  mooncake . " This year 's law is meant to deliver an even stronger blow against Big Mooncake .	Chinese officials are no longer able to use public money to send mooncakes as gifts The new restriction is part of a campaign against corruption Mooncakes are pastries filled with egg yolk and lotus seed paste Expensive mooncake gifts have become important in Chinese business culture
CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri urged people in Saudi Arabia to follow the example set by popular revolutions in Egypt , Libya and Tunisia and rise up . "  Why do n't you rise up , for you are the sons of the strong and proud tribes that look down upon death in order to lift up humiliation and oppression ? Are you afraid of the forces of the Saudi regime and its security and army ? " al-Zawahiri said in a video posted Thursday on jihadist forums , according to the SITE Intelligence Group . It 's the latest video message from al-Zawahiri , who took over as leader of the terror network after Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces . In recent days , al-Zawahiri has made a similar call on the people of Yemen , saying the government was a puppet of the United States . In the 6-minute , 19-second video , al-Zawahiri called on the people of Saudi Arabia to overthrow their rulers , saying they committed criminal and un-Islamic activities , said SITE , an organization that tracks the online activity of terror groups . Al-Zawahiri questioned how people could watch the Arab Spring revolutions and do nothing . In the video , he said Saudi Arabia 's rulers should be ousted for , among other things , opening the country to American forces and jailing militants . "  The Family of Saud might be able to kill tens , hundreds , or thousands from amongst you , but if hundreds of thousands come out , then they will be shocked and will end up , Allah permitting , in the state that their brethren ended up in amongst the ousted tyrants , " he said , according to SITE 's translation . Al-Zawahiri was al Qaeda 's No. 2 leader under bin Laden . He took over leadership in June 2011 following bin Laden 's death , according to statements posted on jihadist websites . One of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists , al-Zawahiri has played a defining role in al Qaeda . He was indicted for his alleged role in the August 7 , 1998 , bombings of the United States Embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , that killed 224 civilians and wounded more than 5,000 others , according to the National Counterterrorism Center , part of the U.S. federal government . The FBI is offering a $ 25 million reward for information leading to his capture , the same amount as the reward for bin Laden . Al-Zawahiri 's wife and three children were killed in December 2001 in a U.S. attack on the family 's residence in Afghanistan . Al-Zawahiri is believed to be hiding somewhere in Pakistan 's tribal region that borders Afghanistan . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Ayman al-Zawahiri appears on a video posted on jihadist forums , an intelligence group says The al Qaeda leader urges Saudis to rise up against the country 's rulers al-Zawahiri says the rulers are criminals for opening the country to U.S. troops The video statement was posted online , the SITE Intelligence Group says
ELBERTON , Georgia  CNN  -- In a parking lot in suburban Atlanta , customers mill in the summer heat , waiting for freezer bags full of beef , pork , chicken and other meats . Tim Young raises cattle , pigs , chicken , turkeys and more on his "  beyond organic " farm . The draw that pulled them away from their grocery store and to the tailgate of a packed freezer truck ? The meat is from animals raised naturally on a small family farm just two hours away . "  By supporting local farmers , we are essentially voting to support the local economy , " said Anthony Chan , a member of a group that gets its meat monthly from Nature 's Harmony Farm in Elberton , Georgia . Nature 's Harmony is a member of a growing local-food movement , often referred to as Community-Supported Agriculture . Watch video of Nature 's Harmony " The CSAs , as they 're called , are a model in which consumers pay for their food in advance and receive it directly from the farmer . Working much like a magazine subscription , customers pay for a period of usually at least six months and receive packages either at the farm or at established delivery locations like the one in Lawrenceville , Georgia . Although thousands of farms have sprung up over the past two decades selling fruits and vegetables using the system , experts say there are probably only a few dozen that , like the Georgia farm , offer meat . Farmers Tim and Liz Young raise cattle , pigs , chickens , turkeys and lambs on their 76-acre farm in northeast Georgia , near the South Carolina state line . The couple describes their farming technique as "  beyond organic , " saying they use no artificial fertilizers , growth hormones or antibiotics and do n't keep their animals penned up . Life on their property -- where cattle and sheep graze in open fields and chickens follow along to clean up after them -- looks much like the classic image of a family farm . But the couple say they consider themselves healers to both their customers and , according to their Web site , a food system that "  had become a machine with little regard for food safety , food taste and animal welfare . " "  People are becoming very disconnected from the food system , " Liz Young said . "  Buying from a local CSA or just shopping at a local farm , you can see where it 's coming from . You can talk to the farmers and figure out how the animals or the produce is raised . " The couple has 50 subscribers , plus a waiting list , and say 2,000 people receive a newsletter on the farm 's activities . Members of the nation 's handful of meat CSAs , and the thousands of others , offer a list of reasons . The food is healthier and tastes better , they say . They like supporting their local economy . Eliminating cross-country delivery is better for the environment , as are the sustainable farming techniques the farmers tend to use . "  Being part of a CSA means that I know the first names of the people who are raising the meat I eat , " said Andrew Johnson of Kansas City , Missouri , a member of the Parker Farms meat CSA in Richmond , Missouri . "  Whereas , with the meat I buy from the grocery store , I do n't know where it came from or who raised it . " Others say they appreciate that animals from the usually small family farms do n't spend their lives in processing plants , conditions that advocates call inhumane . Because CSA members deal with the farmers directly , they are able to visit the farms and see exactly how their food is produced . The transparency , they say , creates an incentive for farmers to raise their animals as naturally as possible . "  If we have any questions about how it is being grown , we can simply visit the farm ourselves , " said Kristen Johnson , Andrew 's wife . Robert P. King , a professor of applied economics at the University of Minnesota , said that although community-supported agriculture "  provides a good opportunity for farms that want to use sustainable practices to actually do well in the marketplace , " it 's nowhere close to challenging conventional agriculture 's domination of the food market . King said geographic availability can be limiting to CSAs . Generally , they require a rural area suitable for farming near an urban area that provide enough customers to make it work . And then , King said , there 's the cost . Operating on a smaller scale and avoiding mega-farm practices designed to cut costs and improve yields almost always mean higher prices . A six-month Nature 's Harmony membership ranges from $ 360 , or $ 40 a month , for a poultry-only delivery to $ 840 , or $ 140 a month , for 20 pounds of a variety of meats . "  Is it as cheap as the lowest-price chicken in the grocery store ? Absolutely not , " Tim Young said . "  But with our prices and the prices of any sustainable farmer , you 've got everything baked in : the cost to the environment , the cost to the health care system , the cost of producing that animal -LSB- in a humane way -RSB- . " Johnson said that any difference in prices at the Missouri farm , which charges a $ 1,150 annual fee , are worth it . "  I do n't think it is significant , but if it does end up costing a bit more , it is still important to us to make this a priority , " he said . "  There are other expenses I am willing to give up rather than give up a safe , trusted food source . " The Youngs hope more people will get the chance to choose . "  There 's a big , burgeoning demand out there for local meat , for local food , for organic foods and we 'd like to see more famers step up to fill that demand , " Tim Young said . "  We 're trying to do that but we can never meet the demand that 's out there . "  We 'd love to see more farmers try to do what we 're doing . " CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Community-supported farms allow members to buy locally Thousands of CSAs offer fruits and vegetables , but few sell meat Members say they like health and environmental bonuses to buying local Cost , location can limit community-supported farming , expert says
CNN  -- Songwriter and record producer Jerry Leiber , who penned hits for Elvis Presley , Ben E. King and the Coasters , died in a Los Angeles hospital Monday . He was 78 . Leiber paired with Mike Stoller in 1950 , when both were 17 years old , to form one of the most prolific songwriting teams of the day . Their hits were jukebox staples through the 1950s and 1960s . "  He was my friend , my buddy , my writing partner for 61 years , " Stoller said . "  He had a way with words . There was nobody better . I 'm going to miss him . " Elvis took their song "  Hound Dog " to the top of the charts in 1956 . The tune was No. 19 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of "  The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time , " which came out in 2004 . The team also wrote "  Stand by Me " for Ben E. King , "  Kansas City , " which was made famous by Wilbert Harrison , "  On Broadway , " top singles for the Drifters and George Benson , and a string of hits for the Coasters , including "  Young Blood , " "  Searchin ' , " and "  Yakety Yak . " Dozens of other artists from country to blues to R&B and rock recorded their songs . Leiber , along with Stoller , was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1985 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 . iReport : Leiber and Stoller interviewed in 2010 "  Leiber and Stoller advanced rock and roll to new heights of wit and musical sophistication , " says their Rock Hall biography . "  They were particularly influential during rock and roll 's first decade . " Leiber , the son of Jewish immigrants from Poland , was born in 1933 and grew up in Baltimore . He is survived by his three sons -- Jed , Oliver , and Jake -- and two granddaughters , Chloe and Daphne .	Jerry Leiber wrote some of the top hit songs in the '50s and '60s He was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1985 He joined the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame two years later Leiber met his songwriting partner , Mike Stoller , in 1950
CNN  Joni Mitchell thinks she 's experienced being a black man . One of the most influential singer-songwriters of the late 20th century , Mitchell , 71 , mentioned her crossover experiences in New York magazine interview about wresting her legacy from the biographers who do n't understand her , the recording industry that 's tried to limit her and the sexist movie stars and singers who have decried her fashion sense . The Canadian wisp of a singer feels she shares an affinity with black men . "  When I see black men sitting , I have a tendency to go -- like I nod like I 'm a brother , " she told New York magazine . "  I really feel an affinity because I have experienced being a black guy on several occasions . " She claimed it started with comments by her dentist . "  One day he said , ` Oh , you 've got the worst bite I 've ever seen . You have teeth like a Negro male . ' " It got her thinking about casual racism , and that inspired her to play with the cover of her 1977 album , "  Don Juan 's Reckless Daughter . " The cover features a young child , Mitchell as herself and someone who looks like a black man . "  That 's me . The black guy in the front . " What ? Mitchell said that , inspired by someone walking down Hollywood Boulevard , she dressed up -- in blackface -- like the man for a Halloween party . It caused such a ruckus , the singer said . Later , she says , she was annoyed by the photographer shooting her album cover , so she decided to throw him for a loop . "  It was a great revenge . That was all to get his a ** . To freak him out . I had to keep him on the defensive . "	Joni Mitchell told New York magazine she 's experienced being a black man The renowned singer-songwriter says she appeared as a black man on an album cover
Palma de Mallorca , Spain  CNN  -- It was expected to be a court date like no other , with Spaniards riveted to a financial corruption case that involves members of the royal family . But on Saturday , when Princess Cristina arrived at the courthouse here just before 10 a.m. , she offered them little . "  Buenos dias , " she told reporters . "  Buenos dias . " With that , she entered the building for a proceeding that was closed to the public in a courtroom where a photograph of her father , King Juan Carlos , hangs on a wall . As head of state , his photograph hangs at many courts . Outside , several hundred anti-monarchy and pro-republic demonstrators chanted noisily . An audio recording was made of her testimony , but it is intended for internal court use only . Upon leaving about seven hours later , she offered the news media little more than she had given upon arrival . "  Hasta luego , " she said . "  Gracias . " Her appearance marked the first time a direct member of Spain 's royal family was to testify in court while facing preliminary charges for a crime , according to Spain 's royal household . Her husband , Inaki Urdgangarin , faces preliminary charges in the same matter and testified a year ago . The case centers on his nonprofit Noos foundation , which received millions of dollars in government contracts to stage sports and tourism events . Princess maintained her innocence , lawyers said Judge Jose Castro is investigating whether part of that money may have been diverted for private use by the princess , who is 48 , and her husband , 46 . Through their legal teams , both deny any wrongdoing , and in court on Saturday , the princess maintained her innocence , lawyers who were present at the proceedings said . The closed-door testimony for the princess was held at a local court here in the Balearic Islands . The courthouse is near the Marivent Palace , the royal family 's summer residence on Mallorca , one of Europe 's top tourist destinations . Judge Castro last April leveled preliminary charges against the princess in this case , but they were dropped in May after prosecutors appealed to a provincial court , citing insufficient evidence . But Castro continued his investigation and last month issued a 227-page order , again bringing preliminary charges against the princess , for alleged tax fraud and money laundering through a separate company , Aizoon , in which she had a 50 % stake , with her husband holding the rest . "  They used that company to pocket the public money and also to pay the lowest possible tax or simply cheat the Treasury , " said Eduardo Inda , investigations editor at El Mundo newspaper who co-authored a book , "  Urdangarin , " about the alleged financial improprieties . "  In that company , Princess Cristina is the one who signs the annual reports , " Inda said . When the new preliminary charges were filed in January , Cristina 's top lawyer , veteran politician and defense attorney Miquel Roca , told reporters they would appeal . But a week later , there was a sudden change of position , and it was announced that the princess would testify . Roca appeared with his client at the courthouse on Saturday . The about-face was not due to pressure from the royal household , but instead was a personal decision by the princess , who persuaded her defense team on the issue , said an official familiar with discussions within the royal household , who spoke on condition of anonymity . "  It was her decision to testify , simply because she has nothing to hide , and she 's convinced the preliminary charges could be dropped , and it 's better to testify than let the idea of cowardice be out there , " the official said . The preliminary charges eventually could be dropped , but a filing of indictments would set a trial in motion . One of various corruption scandals during the economic crisis The case is one of various financial corruption scandals affecting the royal family and major political parties and a leading union , during the economic crisis , when many Spaniards have lost jobs or had to tighten their financial belts . Princess Cristina 's testimony comes as a new report by the European Commission shows that 95 % of Spaniards say that corruption is widespread in the nation . The royal household two years ago excluded Princess Cristina and her husband from representing Spain at official functions , like one in Madrid this week , when the King , Queen Sofia , Crown Prince Felipe and his wife , Princess Letizia , welcomed the foreign diplomatic corps . But some Spaniards say the princess is still getting special treatment . "  It 's great they 're finally bringing preliminary charges , " said student Mariana Moragrega , outside the royal palace in Madrid , on Friday . "  But considering she 's the King 's daughter , she 'll be very protected , and wo n't go to jail . " Spanish media reports said the judge is not expected to immediately issue a decision on whether to proceed with the case or to drop the charges against the princess . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report	Princess Cristina of Spain appears Saturday in a private proceeding "  Buenos dias , " she says upon entering ; "  Hasta luego , " she says upon departure Cristina and husband are accused in corruption case The princess maintained her innocence , lawyers at the hearing tell CNN
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africans sang and prayed late Thursday outside the hospital where Nelson Mandela is being treated , singing "  Viva Mandela ! " after news the anti-apartheid icon 's condition had stabilized . Colorfully dressed women danced in front of the Pretoria hospital where candles burned , the South African Press Association reported . Hundreds of people from the African National Congress Youth League and Women 's League sang struggle songs , danced , and marched up and down the street in front of the hospital , according to the state-run South African Broadcasting Corp. . "  There is no other like him , " they sang . Zuma : Mandela 's condition improves Mandela 's condition improved , President Jacob Zuma said Thursday , as the eyes of the nation remained fixed on his progress . Zuma spoke after visiting Mandela in the hospital and said the medical team told him the former president "  remains critical but is now stable . " "  I canceled my visit to Mozambique today so that I can see him and confer with the doctors . He is much better today than he was when I saw him last night , " Zuma said . Mandela , 94 , considered the founding father of South Africa 's modern democracy , has been undergoing treatment at the Pretoria hospital since June 8 for a recurring lung infection . His oldest daughter said earlier that although her father is critically ill , he opens his eyes and responds to touch . "  I reiterate that Tata is very critical , that anything is imminent , " Makaziwe Mandela told SABC . "  But I want to emphasize again that it 's only God who knows when the time to go is . And so we will wait . " "  Tata " is the word for father in the language of Mandela 's Xhosa tribe . "  He 's ... still reactive to touch . We will live with that hope until the final end comes , " she said . The stream of family visits continued , with the former president 's granddaughter Ndileka Mandela and grandson Mandla Mandela the latest to come to the hospital , the South African Press Association said . Concerned about rumors Another grandson , Nkosi Mandela , issued a statement criticizing what he called "  hurtful " and "  mischievous rumors " about his grandfather 's condition . "  Our government has been keeping all of us informed in this regard , and there is no reason to doubt the accuracy of the information they provide to the public , " he said . "  At the end of the day , my grandfather 's fate , like that of everyone else , lies with God and our ancestors , " he added . "  However , many of us will continue to pray and hope for his recovery . " An official briefed on Mandela 's condition said he was on life support late Wednesday . Government spokesman Mac Maharaj declined to comment on the report , citing doctor-patient confidentiality . Zuma 's statement also warned against a rash of misleading reports about Mandela 's condition . The ANC is organizing prayer sessions around the country "  where all South Africans can come together , hold hands and pray for Madiba , his family and medical team , " it said in a statement Thursday . In South Africa , Mandela is most commonly referred to as Madiba , the name of the Thembu clan to which he belongs . It is a term of endearment and respect . ` We need you ! ' As the nation remained on edge , South Africans found solace in candlelight vigils . Police barricaded the street leading to the hospital 's main entrance as crowds posted messages and left tributes at the hospital wall . "  We need you ! " one sign read . "  We love you tata , get well soon ! " said another . Police also cordoned off the street outside Mandela 's Johannesburg home Thursday , the South African Press Association reported . About 30 journalists who were gathered outside were asked to move to the end of the street , but well-wishers were allowed to leave flowers and tributes by the house . ' A hero for the world ' Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . He was elected the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . Even as he has faded from the spotlight , he remains popular and is considered a hero of democracy worldwide . He turns 95 next month . U.S. President Barack Obama , who is on a tour of the continent this week that includes South Africa , said his thoughts are with the nation 's citizens . "  He is a personal hero , but I 'm not unique in that regard , " Obama told CNN Chief White House correspondent Jessica Yellin in Dakar , Senegal , the first stop of his African tour . "  I think he 's a hero for the world , and if/when he passes , we know his legacy will linger on throughout the ages . " First lady Michelle Obama said Mandela "  is very much in our thoughts and prayers right now . " Speaking to middle-school students in Dakar , she urged the children to "  honor his legacy by leaving a proud legacy of your own . " "  If President Mandela could hold tight to his vision for his country 's future during the 27 years he spent in prison , then surely you all can hold tight to your hopes for your own future , " she said . "  If President Mandela could endure being confined to a tiny cell , being forced to perform back-breaking labor , being separated from the people he loved most in the world , then surely all of us , we can keep showing up and doing our best -- showing up for school each day , studying as hard as you possibly can . " Obama 's schedule does not include a visit with the anti-apartheid icon.The president 's trip to South Africa this weekend includes a stop on Robben Island , where Mandela spent a majority of his prison term . After South Africa , Obama plans to head to Tanzania , his last stop before returning to Washington . CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and contributed from Atlanta , and Robyn Curnow from Pretoria , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Brent Swails , Josh Levs , Samira Said , Nana Karikari-apau and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : South Africans sing , dance , and pray outside the hospital "  He is much better today than he was when I saw him last night , " Zuma says Mandela 's daughter : "  He 's ... still reactive to touch . We will live with that hope " Mandela 's grandson criticizes "  hurtful " and "  mischievous rumors "
CNN  -- A Connecticut State Police dive team was searching a lake in Bristol , Connecticut , Monday for an item linked to the case of former NFL player Aaron Hernandez , who is charged with murder in Massachusetts , a law enforcement source told CNN . Hernandez , though he lives in the Boston area , is a Bristol native . The lake is about a mile from his uncle 's Bristol home , which police have searched several times while investigating last month 's shooting death of Odin Lloyd . Law enforcement sources declined to say what was being sought in the lake . Authorities have accused Hernandez , a 23-year-old former New England Patriots player , of orchestrating the shooting death of Lloyd , the 27-year-old boyfriend of Hernandez 's fiancÃ © e 's sister . The former standout NFL tight end has pleaded not guilty to murder . He is being held without opportunity for bail . Authorities have said Hernandez and two other men picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment in the early morning of June 17 . Surveillance cameras showed the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough , Massachusetts , home . Lloyd 's body was found in the North Attleborough industrial park later that day . The Patriots released Hernandez , who had been one of their top offensive players , shortly after his arrest but before he was charged in court with murder . Authorities have said they 've yet to find the gun they believe was used in the shooting : a Glock .45 . The other men who were allegedly in the car with Hernandez around the time of Lloyd 's death are behind bars as well . One of them , Ernest Wallace , has been charged with accessory after the fact to murder and has pleaded not guilty . The other , Carlos Ortiz , has pleaded not guilty to a weapons charge . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Lake is mile from Connecticut home of Hernandez 's uncle Hernandez , a former NFL player , is charged with murder in Massachusetts Hernandez charged in death of man who dated the sister of Hernandez 's fiancÃ © e.
Concepcion , Chile  CNN  -- The death toll in Chile was revised downward Thursday as authorities reviewed discrepancies in the reported number of dead in the Maule region . Deputy Interior Minister Patricio Rosende said the casualty count in Maule , originally reported at 587 , included more than 200 people who are missing but not confirmed dead . Therefore , the official nationwide death toll is lower than the 802 figure given by emergency authorities . In an attempt to reduce confusion , Rosende read aloud the names of 279 Chileans who had been killed and identified by Thursday evening . He said he would update that official number regularly . This new tally does not account for hundreds of unidentified victims . With disasters of this magnitude , "  the number of dead change daily , " Rosende said . "  It takes months sometimes to compile the information because one of the biggest problems in the affected areas is the lack of precision and uncertainty at the scene . " Rosende also announced that President Michelle Bachelet has called for three days of national mourning , beginning Sunday . He called Chileans to fly the country 's flag outside their homes as a sign of solidarity for the earthquake 's victims . Bachelet toured devastated parts of central and southern Chile on Thursday , five days after the 8.8-magnitude earthquake . Bachelet first visited the battered seaport of Talcahuano , where a quake-induced tsunami roared through many parts of the city . See scenes of devastation Wearing a blue windbreaker and surrounded by military , local dignitaries and TV cameras , Bachelet walked for several blocks before stopping to make a lengthy statement . "  This is the time for action , " Bachelet said upon her return to the capital Thursday afternoon , where she met with leaders of the Catholic Church . The church has been a partner in providing help in the quake 's aftermath . The top priority remained the needs of those affected , followed by reconstruction efforts , the president said . "  Despite the adversity , despite the challenges , Chile will come out on top , " she said . Monsignor Alejandro Goic shared a note from Pope Benedict XVI expressing sadness for the tragedy and supporting the Chilean people . "  This is the time for unity , " Goic said . Talcahuano , the nearby city of Concepcion and other parts of the region were the hardest-hit areas and the scene of days of looting and lawlessness . Many residents , including the mayor of Concepcion , complained that federal aid was slow in arriving . Some aid still had not arrived Thursday . "  Today we have not received one measure of water from the National Emergency Office , understanding that there are some difficulties , " said Eduardo Soto , mayor of Rancagua in central Chile . Bachelet dispatched more than 13,000 soldiers and other military personnel to restore order in the area . Food and water started to arrive late Tuesday in Concepcion , and officials said they distributed 3,500 aid packages on Wednesday . She later toured Talca , another devastated area . Watch rescue efforts under way President-elect Sebastian Pinera does not take office until March 11 , but he named six officials Thursday to head up recovery efforts . "  Our government will not be a government of the earthquake , " Pinera said in a speech in which he named the six individuals . "  Our government will be a government of reconstruction . " In other developments , the Chilean Davis Cup tennis team will open competition in Coquimbo , Chile , against Israel on Saturday , not on Friday . Team officials and players said they would be playing in honor of the quake 's victims and that they hope to bring the country happiness . "  It will be difficult , but we will do our best for our country , " said player Fernando Gonzalez . Also Thursday , a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit northern Chile , the opposite part of the country devastated by last week 's quake . No immediate reports of damage or injuries have been made . A telethon , dubbed "  Chile Helps Chile " by organizers , was slated for Friday to raise funds for quake victims . Bachelet 's visits to the hard-hit areas came a few hours after new tremors rocked parts of Chile early Thursday . A 4.9-magnitude aftershock struck near the already devastated Maule region about 1:30 a.m. Thursday , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . It came hours after a 6.1-magnitude aftershock struck near Valparaiso , raising fears that already vulnerable buildings could topple . More than 120 aftershocks of 5.0 magnitude or greater have hit Chile since Saturday 's earthquake , USGS geophysicist Don Blakeman said . Concepcion is less than 10 miles inland from Talcahuano , but the two towns suffered very different fates . In Concepcion , fatalities and injuries resulted largely from buildings that had collapsed . Ninety-two people died in Concepcion , police commander Eliecer Solar Rojas told reporters Thursday morning . In coastal Talcahuano , the damage was caused by a tsunami that roared into town about an hour after the quake . When the waters receded , they left large boats stranded inland . In one spot , four shrimping vessels were stacked on top of each other . Much of the port city looked as if a bomb had exploded in it , with buildings reduced to rubble . Full coverage of Chile 's earthquake The greatest number of deaths occurred in the Maule region , where disaster also visited two cities in different ways . In the central city of Talca , an ancient municipality , the earthquake wiped out many older adobe structures , crushing hundreds of residents . Thursday 's early morning aftershock struck about 40 miles north of Talca . In the seaside town of Constitucion , survivors tried to hold on to the little that remained . Saturday 's earthquake had flattened rows and rows of homes , leaving a path of destruction that led to the sea . Many residents had left , but Sofia Monsalve Gutierrez and Emilio Gutierrez stayed near the concrete slab that used to be their home . On Wednesday , they were searching for their 4-year-old son . They had not seen him since he ran from their home and jumped into a boat during the massive earthquake . "  If you know my son , please keep pictures of him . I do n't have any pictures left of him . It 's very important to me , " the mother said . CNN 's Sara Sidner , David Ariosto and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	NEW : Casualty count in Maule includes people who are missing but not confirmed dead Chile 's president-elect names six officials to head up recovery efforts President Michelle Bachelet visits hard-hit areas amid complaints over slow aid More than 120 aftershocks rock region after last week 's 8.8-magnitude quake
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A few dozen Iranians threw shoes at posters of U.S. President George W. Bush in Tehran Friday morning , a demonstration of support for an Iraqi journalist jailed for throwing his shoes at President Bush two weeks ago in Baghdad . A woman throws a training shoe at a caricature poster of President George W. Bush in Tehran on December 26 . Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Corps sponsored the shoe-throwing events near Tehran University and the U.S. Embassy . About 70 people stopped to toss their shoes as they walked to Friday prayer meetings on the main campus of Tehran University , according to a journalist on the scene . Iraqi reporter Muntadhir Al-Zaidi faces trial next week for the December 14 incident in which he threw both of his shoes at Bush , who was standing next to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki at a Green Zone news conference . Several high-ranking Iranian clerics , members of parliament and other politicians have made statements in support of al-Zaidi , claiming he represented the true feelings of the Iraqi people towards President Bush . Iranian President Ahmadinejad 's spokesman , Ali Akbar Javanfekr said Friday it was "  a natural reaction to the crimes committed by the United States , " Fars News Agency reported . "  Since the Iraqi journalist acted bravely and on the basis of his Islamic faith , the Iranian people and media naturally support him , " Javanfekr said . Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Corps called al-Zaidi "  a brave journalist who , by throwing his shoe at the Great Satan , had committed a heroic act . "	Journalist who threw his shoes at President Bush wins Iranian fans Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Corps sponsored Tehran shoe-throwing events Shoe-throwing is a traditional insult in Arab culture
CNN  -- Mercedes are preparing for a "  true test " in Sunday 's Monaco Grand Prix after Nico Rosberg catapulted the Silver Arrows to the fastest time in practice , with teammate Lewis Hamilton a close second . The German driver , who was raised in Monte Carlo , set the pace around the city 's tight and twisting streets with a leading lap of one minute 14.769 seconds on Thursday . "  It was a very productive day for us , " said Rosberg , who has taken pole position for Mercedes at the last two races in Bahrain and Spain but failed to translate that into podium finishes due to the team 's struggles with tire degradation . "  It seems that we are quick again on one lap but we 've been working hard again to make improvement to our race pace . "  It will be interesting to see where we are compared to the others over the weekend as it 's not really representative today . " Mercedes arrived in the principality as favorites because the street circuit -- the shortest and slowest on the Formula One calendar -- plays to the strengths of their 2013 car . F1 interactive : Discover the secrets of Monaco 's circuit Qualifying is crucial in Monaco , where there are few overtaking opportunities , and Mercedes will be seeking to win a fourth successive pole position in Saturday 's qualifying . Michael Schumacher also took pole in Monaco last season , in a Mercedes car not vastly different to this season 's charger , which will also give Rosberg and Hamilton confidence that they can repeat his feat . The slower circuit should also be advantageous to Mercedes because it is n't as abrasive on the tires . Tire wear , especially on the rear , has been the team 's Achilles heel this season on race days . Rosberg and Hamilton completed 97 laps during Thursday 's second practice session in Monaco -- more than any other team -- in an attempt to test their pace and tire performance during long stints on the circuit . "  I 'm pleased with what we have achieved here in Monaco , " said Hamilton , who won in the principality in 2008 on his way to winning the world championship for McLaren . "  I need to improve my one-lap pace . The car is almost there , the pace looks good but we 'll work on those areas which can be improved before the weekend . " One-stop strategy There were predictions in Monaco that some teams might try to stop just once during the race -- which would be a marked contrast to the five-stop strategy the majority of teams had to use last time out in Spain because of Pirelli 's rapidly degrading tires . Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn agreed there are some important decisions to be made if the team can capitalize on their potential pace and win their first race of 2013 . "  The true test will come on Sunday , " he said . "  It 's a pleasing start but now we have to make the right decisions for Saturday and Sunday . " Double world champion Fernando Alonso kept the Mercedes pair in his sights , though his Ferrari was just under half a second slower than Rosberg 's leading time . The Spaniard took some avoiding action to escape a hairy moment in second practice when he came into Rascasse corner to be confronted with Nico Hulkenberg 's Sauber on a slower lap . Alonso , winner of the last race in Spain , said he had come to Monte Carlo with even more motivation to be the first driver this season to triumph in successive races -- and also make a bit of history . "  I could be the first man to win for three different teams and for sure that is a huge motivation to do it , " said Alonso , who won in Monaco for Renault in 2006 and McLaren the following year . "  Of course we want to win the championship , but Monaco is a special race , let 's say the most important race of the championship . "  Because everyone in the world has heard something about Monaco Grand Prix , Indy 500 and Le Mans , the three races that everyone knows about even if they are not motorsport fans . " World champions Red Bull admitted they were still looking for answers after their first run around Monaco 's legendary circuit . Mark Webber , a two-time Monaco winner including last year , set the fifth fastest time with triple world champion Sebastian Vettel recording the ninth quickest lap . When asked if Red Bull could match the pace of the Mercedes , Webber responded : "  If we could , we would have done it today . "  One minute and 14.7 seconds round here is not hanging around but let 's see how things go . You will never come to Monte Carlo and have the perfect day . "  I think traditionally we 're never too electric here on Thursdays . " Unlucky for Lotus Vettel missed time on track in second practice while his Red Bull team worked on his car , which the German later said had a problem with its KERS device -- a kinetic energy recovery system which adds a boost of power . "  It is not completely ideal but that is Friday -- or in this case Thursday , " he said , referring to Monaco traditionally having practice a day earlier than the other races , which gives teams more time to prepare for qualifying . "  We had a KERS problem this afternoon , so I did n't use that . The guys know what the problem was with that , " Vettel added . "  My run on super-soft tires was very poor , so we need to understand why . " Lotus will need to patch up Romain Grosjean 's car ahead of qualifying . The Swiss driver was the only man to fall foul of Monaco 's narrow streets as he crunched the front of his car into the barriers at the Sainte Devote corner . His teammate Kimi Raikkonen , who is second in the championship four points behind Vettel , was sixth fastest in practice .	Nico Rosberg sets the quickest time for Mercedes in practice for Monaco Grand Prix Mercedes boss Ross Brawn warns Sunday 's race is the real test for his team Fernando Alonso can become first driver to win in Monaco GP for three teams Red Bull lament practice pace but remain confident
CNN  -- Students and teachers from a Maryland private school who were quarantined in China because of swine flu concerns have been released , the mother of one of the students told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Chinese health authorities prepare to take temperatures of passengers on a plane from Germany this week . "  I 've heard both from my daughter and from one of the teacher chaperones . They are quite excited , " said Alesia Peterson , whose 15-year-old daughter Erica is one of the 21 students on the trip . "  They had their temperatures taken . They were all normal . So they were allowed to leave . They boarded a bus which was filled with flowers and gifts and they 're heading on to their next destination . " The Chinese government quarantined the students from Barrie School and their three teacher chaperones at their hotel because a passenger on their plane to China was suspected of having swine flu , said Vicky Temple , the director of communications for the school . Mike Kennedy , the head of Barrie School , said U.S. consular officials have since told the school that the plane passenger does not have swine flu , or H1N1 . Kennedy said the students were kept in their hotel rooms -- on two floors of a four-star hotel in Kaili , part of Guizhou province in southern China -- since about noon Monday . The students are scheduled to return to the United States on Sunday . "  They 've missed the lion 's share of the itinerary , " Kennedy said Thursday . "  It 's very frustrating , " he said , but added , "  I understand , and I 'd like to say that the Chinese officials have been as kind and friendly to our kids and chaperones as they can be . " China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported that the Guizhou Province 's health bureau announced earlier this week that it had discovered two dozen Americans who had been within four rows of the suspected swine flu , or H1N1 , case on the plane . The plane had departed from San Francisco , California , on Friday . While in quarantine , some of the students had roommates , others did not , said Peterson , who told CNN she got information from the teacher chaperones . The kids were allowed to have their doors open and speak across the hall . They were also allowed to use the phones and had e-mail access . Chinese authorities delivered three meals a day in baskets . To try to stay entertained , some kids used those as makeshift bowling balls . Asked whether she was upset about what happened to her daughter 's trip , Peterson responded , "  I 'd have to say they 're visitors in a foreign country . And as such , we have to adhere to whatever the rules of the foreign country are . " She added , "  I actually had just some concerns as a parent would have . But I have absolute confidence with the teacher chaperones that were there and had been monitoring and keeping us informed the whole time . " Peterson has offered her daughter a future trip overseas to help make up for this one . "  I think we might have to wait a few years . If she would like to go back to China , I would love for her to do so . " State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said in an afternoon briefing that he was aware of the report but said he did n't have details on the circumstances or what the U.S. officials might be doing about it . CNN 's Brian Todd and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	NEW : Group from Maryland private school allowed to resume trip , mother says NEW : Chinese authorities find everyone in group healthy , woman tells CNN Students , teachers had been on plane with passenger suspected of swine flu While in quarantine at hotel , students used food baskets as bowling balls
CNN  -- Former Penn State football coach Jerry Sandusky 's wife , Dottie , told CNN that she is angry about accusations of child sexual abuse occurring in her home , calling them "  absolutely untrue . " "  No child who ever visited our home was ever forced to stay in our basement and fed there , " she said . "  We would never do anything to hurt them . " Her husband faces more than 50 charges surrounding a child sex abuse scandal that allegedly spanned more than 15 years . "  We do n't know why these young men have made these false accusations , but we want everyone to know they are untrue , " she added . An alleged victim testified that he made overnight visits to Sandusky 's home as a boy and stayed in a basement bedroom . While there , he described a pattern of sexual assaults over a period of several years , according to the grand jury report . "  The victim testified that on at least one occasion he screamed for help , knowing that Sandusky 's wife was upstairs , but no one ever came to help him , " the report states . Responding to the allegations , Dottie Sandusky said she was "  shocked and dismayed " by the alleged victim 's testimony , calling his accusations false . "  I continue to believe in Jerry 's innocence and all the good things he has done , " she added . The former defensive coordinator posted $ 250,000 bail and left jail on Thursday , one day after he was arrested on 12 new counts of abuse involving two new alleged victims , raising the total number of victims to 10 . Sandusky was then driven in a three-vehicle motorcade from the jail to his State College , Pennsylvania , home . Authorities say he is currently under house arrest and must wear an electronic monitoring device . He 'll also be restricted from contacting the alleged victims , possible witnesses , and must be supervised during any interactions with minors . "  As in many of the other cases identified to date , the contact with Sandusky allegedly fit a pattern of ` grooming ' victims , " said Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly . "  Beginning with outings to football games and gifts ; they later included physical contact that escalated to sexual assaults . " A grand jury report made public last month detailed 40 charges of rape and molestation against the former coach in a child sex abuse scandal that , at the time , involved eight alleged victims . The lawyer for a 29-year-old man who is suing the school , Sandusky and Second Mile criticized Dottie Sandusky 's statement . "  It really is a sad , clear demonstration of how sick she is because of how sick he is , " said Jeff Anderson , who represents an accuser identified as "  John Doe A. " The Sanduskys both "  in their own way deny what we all know to be and what has been revealed daily . " Anderson 's client was not cited in the initial grand jury report . The plaintiff , who Anderson said was 10 years old when he first met Sandusky , alleged the former coach sexually abused him dozens of times over several years during the 1990s , the lawyer said . "  The idea that 11 men  10 from grand jury reports plus ` John Doe A '  who have nothing to do with each other have fabricated this many stories of abuse is beyond rational , " said Anderson 's co-counsel , Marci Hamilton . "  Victims rarely make up being sexually assaulted and abused . " "  John Doe A " is cooperating with authorities , his lawyers said . Sandusky , who maintains his innocence , will face a preliminary hearing at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday , where his alleged victims are set to testify . It is expected to be the first time the former coach will face them in court . The new accusers -- identified by authorities as Victim 9 and Victim 10 -- are believed to have encountered Sandusky at The Second Mile charity , a nonprofit organization he founded for underprivileged children . Victim 9 was between 11 and 12 years old when he first met the former coach in 2004 . Sandusky allegedly gave the boy gifts and money , and took him to university football games , according to the grand jury report . Sandusky allegedly met Victim 10 , then about age 10 , in 1997 after a counselor recommended the boy attend the charity "  because of difficulties in his home life . " That witness said Sandusky performed oral sex on him and indecently touched him in an outdoor pool on campus . Penn State , meanwhile , said Thursday it has created the Center for the Protection of Children for "  the study , research , prevention and treatment of child abuse . " A portion of the funding will come from football bowl game revenues . "  We are opting to put our expertise and research power to work confronting the problem of abuse , " said Penn State President Rodney Erickson in a statement . The university recently partnered with the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape and the National Sexual Violence Resource Center with a commitment of $ 1.5 million . CNN 's Kathleen Johnston , Laura Dolan , Ross Levitt and Susan Candiotti , and journalist Sara Ganim contributed to this report	NEW : Penn State provides details on Center for the Protection of Children The wife of Jerry Sandusky calls the accusations against her husband "  absolutely untrue " Attorney for one alleged victim calls Dottie Sandusky 's statement "  sad " He faces 12 new counts related to a child sex scandal
CNN  -- South African golfer Branden Grace claimed the first European Tour success of his career on Sunday after holding off Jamie Elson by one shot to win the Joburg Open . The 23-year-old Grace , who came through qualifying school last year to secure his tour card , posted a level par 72 for a 72-hole total of 270  -18  . And that proved just enough to keep Elson at bay , after the Englishman replicated his opening round 63 to come agonizingly close to ending his European Tour drought . New heart gives golfer new hope It was a solid , if unspectacular , display from Grace , who held a three-stroke lead overnight . In the end , a round consisting of 16 pars , with just one birdie and one bogey , proved enough for the Pretoria player , despite Elson 's valiant effort to snatch victory . "  It 's a dream come true , " Grace told the European Tour website . "  It 's nice to win in front of a home crowd and I would n't exchange it for anything else . "  It was pretty tough out there today , I played really nicely and I hit the ball superbly . But my putter was cold -- I just could n't get the speed of the greens -- and fortunately it was still enough to win . " Six players shared third place , with Scotland 's David Drysdale  67  carding the best round of that group . Former U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen carded a disappointing one-over 73 to finish seven shots off the winner .	Branden Grace cards a final-round par 72 to win Joburg Open by one stroke South African finishes on 18 under par to claim his first European Tour win England 's Jamie Elson fires a nine-under-par 63 to finish in second place
CNN  As threats in the Middle East grow , there 's a pressing need in the region , Egypt 's President said Sunday . "  The need for a unified Arab force is growing and becoming more pressing every day , " President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi said in a televised address , noting that Jordan and the United Arab Emirates have offered to send troops as Egypt steps up its efforts to battle ISIS in neighboring Libya . "  The challenges in the region , and facing our countries , are huge challenges , and ... we can overcome those challenges once we are together , " el-Sisi said . El-Sisi 's comment comes after a series of Egyptian airstrikes targeting ISIS in Libya in retaliation for the slaughter of 21 Egyptian Christians by the jihadist group . On Sunday , he said the Egyptian army is n't an aggressor angling to invade foreign territory . "  Your armed forces only protect the people of Egypt , and we coordinate with our Arab brothers , " el-Sisi said . Who 's doing what in the coalition battle against ISIS ?	The need for a unified Arab force is growing daily , President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says Jordan and the United Arab Emirates have offered military assistance to Egypt , he says Egypt recently launched a series airstrikes against ISIS in Libya
CNN  -- Did you hear that a barge leaked 31,500 gallons of crude oil into the Mississippi River over the weekend ? When the tanker collided with a tugboat , the resulting spill caused 65 miles of the river to be shut down for two days as New Orleans Port traffic ground to a halt and drinking water intakes were closed . Or did you hear about the radiation leak at a New Mexico nuclear waste storage site ? The Waste Isolation Pilot Plant stores plutonium-contaminated waste from Los Alamos National Laboratory and other government nuclear sites . The storage site has been closed since the Valentine 's Day leak , but just this week , officials reported that more airborne radiation has been detected in southeastern New Mexico . Both incidents come at a dangerous time , where American oil and energy companies are getting increasingly wide discretion and the Environmental Protection Agency has been hollowed out , losing its authority and resources to protect public safety . In Louisiana and New Mexico , officials insist there is no public health threat , but such assertions are suspicious when our government at all levels is more interested in protecting the power of the military and energy industries than the public interest . A month after coal-processing chemicals leaked from an energy company 's storage tank into West Virginia 's main water supply , officials say the water is safe to drink . But residents are still wary . West Virginians report that just showering in their water causes headaches and rashes . In the staunchly anti-government , anti-EPA state , people wish there had been more government oversight and regulation to prevent the leak . Which should make us all incredibly skeptical of expanding domestic dirty energy projects in the United States . For instance , the Keystone XL pipeline . Forget the inflated claims about how many jobs the pipeline will create or even its environmental implications . Just think for a second about the fact that an existing stretch of the Keystone pipeline leaked 12 times in its first year of operation . Forbes energy analyst James Conca , commenting on the second pipeline spill in a week in 2013 involving Canadian crude oil , wrote , "  It 's crazy to think the Keystone XL pipeline wo n't leak . " That is a terrible risk to bear for a pipeline that many experts believe will simply pump a lot of Canadian crude oil over United States soil in order to be processed and sold internationally and which will actually increase the domestic price of oil in America , according to a study by Cornell University and a report by Bloomberg news . Keystone denies that the oil will end up being exported -- despite many reports that its refined product will . Recently a judge in Nebraska ruled that legislation there allowing the governor to approve the Keystone XL route violates the state constitution â $ " a victory for opponents of the pipeline . Days later , the State Department 's inspector general determined that the federal government had not violated its own conflict-of-interest policies in selecting a company that stands to benefit from the Keystone expansion as the to prepare a report analyzing the pipeline project â $ " a victory for Keystone XL proponents . Meanwhile , the ultimate decision about the Keystone XL pipeline is expected to be made by President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry in the coming months . I 'm not saying we should turn off all the wells and nuclear facilities in America tomorrow . Given our massive consumption of energy , that 's unreasonable . But is it too much to ask that in the wake of disaster after disaster , we restore regular levels of funding to the EPA so that our government can properly monitor risks to public safety and health ? Already hobbled by the Bush administration , the EPA 's budget has declined every year for the past four years . "  The jurisdiction is wide here and it 's hard enough to do the job of environmental protection when working with the Department of Energy and the military , even when you have a well funded agency , " said Michelle DePass , former EPA assistant administrator in the Office of International Affairs and a dean at The New School . "  And this is another case , like the West Texas plant fire  in Smith County last year  and the BP oil spill where industry will refuse to acknowledge that the worst case scenario can happen -- until it does , " she said . In addition to strengthening EPA oversight , we must seriously invest in green energy and new fuel technologies . Once upon a time , this was a nonpartisan issue -- with Republicans and Democrats alike not only voicing concerns about climate change but also wanting our nation to get ahead in the inevitable global green energy industry . Green energy not only reduces the risks of such devastating spills and leaks but -- an important bonus -- according to studies , green energy production actually creates more jobs than fossil fuel energy production . And yet China is leading the globe in establishing green energy sources and manufacturing solar panels for export . The United States appears to be lagging behind on every count -- except maybe when it comes to oil spills . The problem with dirty energy disasters is that we do n't hear about them unless they 're big -- on the scale of the BP Gulf oil leak or the Exxon Valdez . The other , "  smaller " stories pop up quickly , but fade from national attention . And yet for people along the Mississippi River or in southeastern New Mexico or throughout West Virginia , the disaster does n't go away . And as long as we keep our heads buried in the tar sands and refuse to step up and fully regulate dirty energy industries while investing in safe , green energy , the disasters will only spread . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : Many environmental disasters -- radiation leaks , oil spills -- are n't reported widely Kohn : It 's a bad time : EPA stripped of authority , energy corporations get wide latitude Kohn : It 's time to pursue green energy , stop fossil fuel projects , regulate dirty industries
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban will permit a program of polio vaccination in the volatile Afghanistan-Pakistan border area , their spokesman told CNN in an e-mail Tuesday , after consistent pressure over the issue . The statement comes a day after Afghan President Hamid Karzai called on the Taliban and other insurgents to allow the vaccination teams to help save children from a lifetime of paralysis . It marks the Taliban 's latest move to garner respectability amid attempts to get peace talks under way in the region . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said insurgents had been instructed to let the vaccinations take place provided aid workers do not use government facilities . "  The polio vaccinators must not use government resources , including vehicles and soldiers , and they should use their own resources so that they impartially execute their program , " Mujahid said . He added the Taliban have always backed vaccinations . The statement to CNN came the same day that the presidential palace appealed to the Taliban to let the vital program take place unhindered . "  Despite all the past efforts to vaccinate millions against polio , there are still children suffering from the disease on both sides of the Durand Line , " Karzai said . The Durand Line is the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan . The statement from the palace added : "  The president appeals to religious scholars , mullahs and community leaders and elders to cooperate with the immunization teams by persuading the opposition to allow vaccinators to administer polio drops to children against the permanent paralysis . " According to World Health Organization , there are four countries in which the transmission of polio has never been stopped : Afghanistan , India , Nigeria and Pakistan . They face a range of challenges , such as insecurity , weak health systems and poor sanitation . Polio could spread from these "  endemic " countries to infect children in other countries with less-than-adequate vaccination , the organization says . Reports from the Afghan Ministry of Public Health show a threefold rise in the number of polio cases in 2011 compared with that of 2010 . A ministry report that covered 2011 showed 80 cases in Afghanistan , 62 of which were in the south of the country , the government statement said .	Taliban spokesman : "  The polio vaccinators must not use government resources " The spokesman says the Taliban have always supported vaccinations Polio remains a problem in both Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan
CNN  -- Cargill Meat Solutions Corp. has announced for the second time in less than six weeks a voluntary recall of ground turkey products after tests found they were contaminated with a strain of salmonella bacteria that can prove fatal . "  That 's one of the challenges and frustrations about trying to get one 's arms around a naturally and randomly occurring bacterium that exists throughout the environment , " said Mike Martin , director of communications for the company in Wichita , Kansas . "  It is frustrating but it strengthens our resolve to also do more to find additional methods and measures that are going to further reduce the potential for pathogens that can cause food-borne illnesses . " The latest recall , of 185,000 pounds of ground turkey meat , was announced Sunday for products produced August 23 and 24 , and 30 and 31 from the company 's establishment in Springdale , Arkansas . No illnesses have been linked to the current recall . The previous recall was one of the largest in history , affecting 36 million pounds of ground turkey meat produced at the plant between February 20 and August 2 . In all , 2 million pounds of the tainted meat were recovered and buried in a landfill . Federal health authorities said the August recall was associated with an outbreak of multi-drug-resistant Salmonella Heidelberg , which killed one person and sickened 111 others in 31 states . After the outbreak was discovered , the company suspended production of ground turkey products at the processing facility for eight days and instituted stricter production processes , Martin said . In the wake of the August recall , antibacterial washes were added and "  the most aggressive sampling and monitoring program in the industry " was put into place , Martin said . But federal health officials took a sample on August 24 and found the same Heidelberg variant of the bacteria , one that is resistant to a number of antibiotics . A second sample taken on August 30 came back with a presumptive match , he said . "  We know it came in with the birds , " he said . "  We 're looking at the entire supply chain back to , obviously , bird farms . " He added , "  We understand that people expect their food to be safe when they purchase it , and we are going to do everything we can to ensure that 's the case . " But the ubiquity of the bacteria means there could be similar recalls in the future , he said . The U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service recommends meat be cooked to an inner temperature of 165 degrees Fahrenheit  74 Celsius  , a temperature that kills bacteria . Infection with the bacteria can cause people to develop diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps 12 to 72 hours after infection . The sickness usually lasts four to seven days , and most people recover without treatment . But , in some cases , it can cause severe diarrhea and require hospitalization . If the infection spreads from the intestines to the bloodstream and then elsewhere in the body , the bacteria can prove fatal , according to public health experts .	Cargill Meat Solutions Corp. recalls 185,000 pounds of ground turkey meat products Last month , the company recalled 36 million pounds of ground turkey products The same strain of bacteria is responsible for both recalls
CNN  -- Veteran infielder Miguel Tejada -- a former American League MVP -- has run afoul of Major League Baseball over the issue of prohibited drugs . Commissioner Bud Selig 's office announced Saturday that the Kansas City Royals player has been suspended 105 games , without pay , for violating the league 's drug prevention and treatment program . Tejada tested positive for an amphetamine , the league said in a press release . His suspension takes effect immediately . Fast Facts : Performance Enhancing Drugs in sports Tejada told ESPNDeportes.com -- according to that website , which is tied to ESPN -- that the positive test stems from his use of Adderall , which he took for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or ADHD . He claimed Major League Baseball had given him permission to use the drug , but that permission expired April 15 . "  I admit I committed an error , but I want people to understand one thing : I was not taking any drugs to have an advantage on the field , " Tejada said . A native of the Dominican Republic , Tejada broke into the big league with the Oakland A 's . He emerged as one of baseball 's most dynamic and productive shortstops and hitters , even taking home the American League MVP honors in 2002 . But as he 's bounced around the big leagues since then -- including stops in Baltimore , Houston and San Francisco , before landing with Kansas City before this season -- Tejada also has been dogged by performance-enhancing drug questions . In 2009 , he was charged with making false statements to Congress during testimony four years earlier . Days later , he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge and was sentenced to one year of unsupervised probation . Saturday 's suspension comes in the wake of a large group of suspensions affecting players such as Alex Rodriguez and Ryan Braun tied to performance-enhancing drugs out of Biogenesis , a now shuttered south Florida clinic . The commissioner 's office Saturday gave no indication that Tejada 's suspension was related to those cases . A-Rod : ` I 'm fighting for my life ' CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : Tejada tells ESPNDeportes.com he took Adderall to treat his ADHD Commissioner 's office suspends Miguel Tejada , now with Kansas City Office says that the infielder violated the league 's drug policy Tejada pleaded guilty to lying to Congress about performance-enhancing drugs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan , accused of stealing a necklace , spent five hours in custody before posting a $ 75,000 bond Friday evening after a judge sentenced her to 120 days in jail for violating her drunk driving probation . Her release from Los Angeles County 's Lynwood Correctional Facility capped a long day that included a victory for the actress when a judge reduced the felony grand theft charge to a misdemeanor . Lohan will remain free on bond while her lawyer appeals the jail sentence for the probation violation , but she must immediately start serving 480 hours of community service , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner said . The community service , includes 360 hours at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center , which Judge Sautner suggested might cause Lohan to behave better after seeing "  how truly needy women and women who have fallen on real hard times have to live . " She must complete another 120 hours of community service at the Los Angeles County morgue . The judge ruled Friday that the necklace theft case against Lohan will go forward to trial , but the felony charge was reduced to a misdemeanor . "  I 'm going to give her an opportunity , " Sautner said . Sautner did not buy the defense argument that Lohan accidentally walked out of a Venice , California , jewelry store wearing a necklace that later appeared around her neck in photographs taken five days later . "  If in fact it was an accident , she could have called the store back , " Sautner said . People.com : Judge scolds Lohan Defense attorney Shawn Holley argued that Lohan was busy and scattered when she was at the store and absent-mindedly walked out with the necklace . "  It 's undisputed that Ms. Lohan walked out of the store with the necklace on , " Holley said . The prosecution must show she had "  specific intent to permanently deprive the store of that necklace . " While Holley conceded that Lohan "  did not rush to return the necklace , " but it just "  makes her not a very considerate or courteous person . " "  The fact that she may not have been a courteous or considerate person does n't make her a thief , " Holley said . "  I see the intent here and the level of brazenness to say ` Let me see what I can get away with here , ' " Sautner said . A police detective testified that Lohan 's assistant handed the necklace to a police officer after learning through a website posting that police had obtained a search warrant hours earlier to search for it in her home . Prosecutor Danette Meyers argued that "  it does n't take a rocket scientist " to realize Lohan returned the necklace to police because she knew her home was about to be searched . Lohan 's trial date was set for June 3 , but she must return to court for a hearing May 11 , the judge said . A misdemeanor could still result in up to a year in prison for Lohan . Before delivering the good news to Lohan about the reduction of the charge , the judge addressed her much-publicized misbehavior . "  She thumbs her nose at the court , " Sautner said , referring to an incident with another judge last year . "  She walks into court with ' F U ' on her fingernails . I do n't know what that means unless it has ' I am ' before it . " The jeweler who accused Lohan of stealing the gold and diamond necklace testified Friday that she had not gotten any money from selling the security camera video of the actress in her store . Kamofie and Company owner Sofia Kamen was the second witness called by the prosecution in the preliminary hearing . Holley used the the store 's licensing of the video , for a reported $ 40,000 , to question Kamen 's motives in accusing Lohan of theft . All of the money from the video licensing went to publicist Christopher Spencer , who Kamen said she fired last month because he was negotiating deals for the store that she was not interested in , she testified . Kamen said that she realized the necklace was missing 10 minutes after the actress left the store last January . She was n't closely watching Lohan , even though there was another incident four days earlier in which the actress almost walked out wearing a diamond earring . "  We thought it was an accident , " Kamen said . "  We were n't thinking that she would take it . " The first prosecution witness was Tinelli Comsooksri , a store employee who was working the day of the earring incident . "  She was covering the earring that she still left on with her hair , " Comsooksri said . She stopped Lohan as she was walking out , Comsooksri said . As prosecutor Meyers held the infamous necklace , now known as "  People 's Exhibit 2 , " Kamen testified that it was priced at $ 2,500 although it cost the store only $ 850 . She explained that retail jewelers routinely triple the wholesale price . The value of the necklace was a crucial issue for Lohan for the felony grand theft charge to be reduced to a misdemeanor . Shoplifting offenses are charged as petty theft if the property taken is valued at less than $ 950 . Lohan has been in court nine times in the past year , mostly for hearings related to probation violations for her 2007 drunk driving case . She did a short stint in jail last year , but she also checked into substance abuse rehab twice under court order .	NEW : Lohan leaves jail after 5 hours in custody Friday evening She posted a $ 75,000 bond while she appeals the jail sentence The judge sentences Lohan to 120 days in jail for a probation violation Lohan 's theft charge is reduced from a felony to a misdemeanor
CNN  -- John Mensah proved the match-winner for Ghana as they beat Botswana 1-0 at the Africa Cup of Nations but his side had to fight hard for their victory after the defender was sent off . Mensah struck the only goal of the game on 25 minutes but will now miss Ghana 's next match with Mali after he was shown a straight red card for a professional foul . Ghana 's ten-men clung onto to three points to go top of Group D , while they were later joined by Mail who beat Guinea 1-0 thanks to Bakaye Traore 's goal . Mensah , who plays for French club Lyon , bundled a corner into the net with his knee after a flick on from Asamoah Gyan , who is on loan at Al-Ain in the United Arab Emirates from English club Sunderland . African ambition : Tiny nations host football feast Gyan had a chance to double Ghana 's lead soon after but he blazed over the crossbar before Botswana squandered their best chance when John Boye cleared Moemedi Moatlhaping 's header . Mensah was dismissed in the 67th minute , bringing down Jerome Ramatlhokwane as the striker raced clear on goal , but Botswana could n't force an equalizer . "  We controlled the game until the red card for Mensah , " Ghana coach Goran Stevanovic was reported as saying by the AFP news agency . "  We created some chances but they closed down the game with 10 men behind the ball . "  All the same , it was very important that we won our first game of a tournament that has already produced some surprises . " Botswana coach Stanley Tshosane defended his team 's defensive tactics . "  I 'm not happy with the result but with the performance especially in the second half , " said Tshosane . "  We were cautious at the beginning because we have never played Ghana before at this level and so we preferred to study how they play . " Mali are also on three points after they saw off Guinea in the Gabonese capital of Franceville . The only goal of the match was scored when Bakaye Traore 's long range strike deflected off a defender to loop over Guinea 's goalkeeper Naby Yattara on the half hour mark .	Ghana beat Botswana 1-0 in Africa Cup of Nations Group D match John Mensah scores the winner for Ghana but then gets sent off Ten-men hang on for victory as Ghana take control of Group D Mali beat Guinea 1-0 in other Group D game thanks to Bakaye Traore goal
North Korea issued a statement on its official state news agency on Saturday denouncing Sony Pictures Entertainment 's release of the movie "  The Interview . " It called President Barack Obama the "  chief culprit " who forced the production company to "  indiscriminately distribute " the picture . The statement attributed to the National Defense Commission also denounced the United States for blaming North Korea for a hacking attack on the moviemaker earlier this month . "  If the U.S. is to persistently insist that the hacking attack was made by the DPRK , the U.S. should produce evidence without fail , though belatedly , " the statement publish by KCNA said . In the screwball comedy , a tabloid journalist , who is granted an interview with the communist dictatorship 's leader , is asked to assassinate him . But when he arrives , a fictional version of dictator Kim Jong Un , played by actor Randall Park , charms him . In the end , the journalist confronts the fictional Kim over abuses in the country , and kills the leader , when the two do battle . Sony Pictures IT systems were hacked by a group calling itself "  Guardians of Peace " or GoP , which complained about the pending release of the movie . The FBI has blamed North Korea for that cyberattack . Threats were also issued that there would be 9/11 style attacks on theaters that showed the film . The movie was not released as scheduled , and Sony Pictures later said film distributors had decided not to show the movie for security reasons . President Obama expressed disappointment over the move , saying free speech had not been upheld . Sony then arranged for direct distribution online via its own services , YouTube and through independent cinemas .	A statement called President Obama the "  chief culprit " who forced distribution of the picture North Korea 's defense commission denounced the U.S. for blaming a hack on the country In the screwball comedy , a tabloid journalist is asked to assassinate Kim Jong-un In the end , the leader dies doing battle with the journalist
London  CNN  The BBC producer allegedly struck by Jeremy Clarkson will not press charges against the "  Top Gear " host , his lawyer said Friday . Clarkson , who hosted one of the most-watched television shows in the world , was dropped by the BBC Wednesday after an internal investigation by the British broadcaster found he had subjected producer Oisin Tymon "  to an unprovoked physical and verbal attack . " Tymon went to a hospital emergency department to receive treatment for a split lip following the March 4 incident at a hotel in North Yorkshire , it said . North Yorkshire police said they had asked the BBC for a copy of the report and would assess whether further police action needed to be taken . "  No one who was present at the hotel during the incident came forward to report an offense to the police . Nonetheless , we have a duty to investigate where we believe an offense might have been committed , and that is what we have been doing with this case , " police said in a statement Thursday . "  As is usual in these circumstances , we have made contact with Mr Tymon through his lawyers , to ask him to speak to us so we can ascertain how he wishes to pursue this matter . " Tymon issued a statement through his lawyer Friday saying he had informed police he did not want to press charges . "  The events of the last few weeks have been extremely unpleasant for everyone involved . The matter has taken a great toll on Oisin , his family and his friends , " lawyer Paul Daniels said . "  Quite simply , Mr Tymon just wishes to return now to the job at the BBC he loves , as soon as possible . Further , the BBC have , in his view , taken action with a view to addressing the issues at hand . "  Mr Tymon agrees with the BBC 's stated view that all parties should now be allowed to move on , so far as possible . " Tymon had earlier said he was grateful to the BBC for their "  thorough and swift investigation into this very regrettable incident . " "  I 've worked on Top Gear for almost a decade , a program I love . Over that time Jeremy and I had a positive and successful working relationship , making some landmark projects together . He is a unique talent and I am well aware that many will be sorry his involvement in the show should end in this way , " he said . Clarkson was suspended on March 10 after what the BBC initially described as the "  fracas " with Tymon . Ken MacQuarrie , who conducted the internal investigation into the incident , said Tymon had been struck "  resulting in swelling and bleeding to his lip . " The physical attack was halted after about 30 seconds by the intervention of a witness , MacQuarrie said , but Clarkson continued to use "  derogatory and abusive language " for a sustained period of time . MacQuarrie said Clarkson made a number of attempts to apologize over subsequent days and had reported the incident to BBC management . Announcing Wednesday that Clarkson 's contract would not be renewed , BBC Director General Tony Hall said a "  line had been crossed . " "  A member of staff -- who is a completely innocent party -- took himself to Accident and Emergency after a physical altercation accompanied by sustained and prolonged verbal abuse of an extreme nature . For me a line has been crossed , " he said . "  I know how popular the program is and I also know that this decision will divide opinion . " In 2013 , Guinness World Records named "  Top Gear " the world 's most widely watched factual program , with an estimated 350 million global viewers . The show -- fronted by Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond -- is sold to 214 territories worldwide . Local versions have been made in the United States , China , Russia , Australia and South Korea . After his suspension by the BBC , Clarkson changed his Twitter profile to "  I am probably a presenter on the BBC2 motoring show , Top Gear . " On Wednesday , the wording became past tense : "  I used to be a presenter on the BBC2 motoring show , Top Gear . " Co-host Richard Hammond tweeted : "  Gutted at such a sad end to an era . We 're all three of us idiots in our different ways but it 's been an incredible ride together . " On Friday James May also tweeted , saying : "  I 've written some blues lyrics : Oh I woke up this morning , And ... #Still Unemployed . " Fans had earlier expressed outrage at the BBC decision to suspend Clarkson . An online petition to have Clarkson reinstated has been signed by more than a million people . Fewer than 10,000 people signed a counterpetition calling for him to be fired . Last week , a fan dressed as the "  Stig " -- the anonymous racing car test-driver who was once a regular feature of the show -- drove to the BBC 's London headquarters in an armored tank to present the "  Bring Back Clarkson " petition . Clarkson later thanked his supporters in a tweet shared more than 22,000 times . While Clarkson 's abrasive style has proven popular with viewers , his on - and off-air comments have earned him a reputation as a politically incorrect maverick who often walks a fine line between humor and offense . Last year , he apologized profusely after being accused of mumbling the n-word in a clip that was n't aired . "  I 'd actually used the word I was trying to obscure . I was mortified by this , horrified . It is a word I loathe , " Clarkson said in video statement posted online . He 's been accused on other occasions of racism , including characterizing Mexicans as "  lazy and feckless " and using the word "  slope " over footage of an Asian man crossing a bridge during a "  Top Gear " special in Myanmar . Producer Andy Wilman later apologized , calling it a "  light-hearted word play joke , " and saying that the team was not aware that it was offensive to Asians . Last week , Clarkson launched into an expletive-filled rant at a charity auction in north London , verbally attacking his BBC bosses . A CNN reporter who was at the event said Clarkson swore often as he talked about his suspension from the show , saying the BBC had "  f**ked themselves " and had ruined a great show . Clarkson later brushed off the incident , saying the rant was meant "  in jest " and was designed to increase bids for the prize being auctioned -- one last lap of the "  Top Gear " race track .	Producer Oisin Tymon will not press charges against Jeremy Clarkson , his lawyer says An internal BBC investigation found Clarkson had struck Tymon in an "  unprovoked attack " The BBC dropped Clarkson as "  Top Gear " host Wednesday and police asked for the report
CNN  -- A fresh round of clues arrived this week from two Republican lawmakers who are regularly asked about their desire to pursue their party 's nomination in 2016 . While each cited different reasons , both Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas say they 're now more interested in running . Rubio says the current Senate gridlock is limiting his ability to advocate for the kind of policies he sees as critical for moving America forward and that the White House might be a better place for that . "  I 'll have to make a decision in 2016 either way , because I 'm up for re-election in the Senate . And for me it 's not going to be about the position , it 's going to be about where can I best advocate for a 21st century reform agenda that allows us to usher in another American century , " Rubio told CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  The decision I have to make is can I best do that as a senator , or can I best do that as running and hopefully winning a presidency , " he said . "  And that 's a question I 'll have more clarity on after this mid-term , because I can promise you this : the one place where I will not be able to do that from is a Senate that is still run by -LSB- Majority Leader -RSB- Harry Reid that allows no votes on anything of substance or importance . " Cruz , however , says that in addition to midterm election outcomes , events outside of Washington are playing into his decision . In an interview with ABC News , Cruz again denounced President Barack Obama 's foreign policy and said he thinks voters want the United States to play a more prominent role in world affairs . "  The American people in 2014 and also November 2016 are going to be looking for leaders who want to work to restore America 's leadership in the world , " Cruz said . One factor Cruz said is impacting his decision to seek higher office : the debate in the Republican Party on how deeply the United States should be enmeshed in global crises . "  It increases my interest in doing everything I can to change the direction we 're on , " Cruz said . On some issues , Paul and Christie sound a lot alike CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell contributed to this report .	Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz both say they 're now more interested in running for President Rubio says the current Senate gridlock is limiting his ability Cruz says foreign policy is playing into his decision
CNN  -- America loves its outlaws , but few of us actually dare to live the lifestyle . Veteran LIFE photographer Bill Ray got about as close as anyone , riding along with a notorious biker gang . In 1965 , the Hells Angels were little known outside the American West . Ray spent several weeks in Southern California , photographing and traveling with the San Bernardino chapter of a gang that would soon become notorious for its hedonistic , lawless swagger . See more of Bill Ray 's Hells Angels photos at LIFE.com The Hells Angels are now a worldwide phenomenon -- incorporated , licensed and branded . But the gang Ray traveled with , two years before the Summer of Love and four years before the deadly violence at a Rolling Stones concert at Altamont speedway made them infamous , truly lived on the fringes of society . In a culture where the Beach Boys and the Beatles fought a squeaky-clean battle for the hearts and minds of America , the Hells Angels were , in the words of Hunter S. Thompson , a "  burst of dirty thunder " that shocked folks wherever they went . It was a time when the roar of stripped-down Harleys and the sight of long-haired bikers on the freeway -- or riding into a sleepy town -- was still new , alien , and for the average law-abiding citizen , more than a little frightening . Forty-five years after the story and photos were rejected by a LIFE managing editor , they still have some of that shock value , a reminder that outlaws still have a secret sweet spot in the American psyche .	LIFE photographer Bill Ray rode along with the Hells Angels in 1965 The story and photos were rejected by a LIFE managing editor Now they 're being published
CNN  Lindsey Vonn is back on a podium . True , Vonn has barely been away from one . Just ask Tiger Woods , who lost a tooth when a camera hit him in the face while cheering Vonn onto the podium in Italy last month . But Tuesday 's podium was special . It marked the ski superstar 's first medal at a World Championships in four years . The 30-year-old came to this year 's World Championships , in Beaver Creek , Colorado , having just set the all-time record for wins on the regular , season-long women 's World Cup circuit . And she maintained some of that momentum to finish third in Tuesday 's super-G , her opening event , behind Slovenia 's Tina Maze and victorious Austrian Anna Fenninger . Fenninger won with a time of 1:10.29 in windy conditions , becoming the first woman to win back-to-back Olympic and world super-G titles . Before Fenninger 's run , Vonn had temporarily led the field with 1:10.44 . Not that Vonn celebrated her return to a major podium too wildly . "  I thought I skied pretty well , " said the bronze medalist . "  I 'm happy with the result . I just wish the weather was a little bit better . " Golfer Woods , undaunted by his dental disaster last month , once again turned up to support Vonn . His girlfriend last won a world medal in 2011 -- downhill silver in Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Germany -- and previously won both the super-G and downhill world titles in 2009 . She also took Olympic downhill gold and super-G bronze at the Vancouver 2010 Games . However , Vonn missed Sochi 2014 through injury . She crashed and tore ligaments racing in the super-G at the 2013 Worlds , then re-injured her knee in a training accident later that year . "  Sometimes good skiing is enough to overcome the weather , " she added following this year 's third-place finish . "  Sometimes it 's not . Today , it was n't enough . "  But I have to say , Anna Fenninger skied exceptionally well . She definitely deserved to win the gold medal today . " Vonn remains the favorite for Friday 's downhill . Meanwhile , 37-year-old compatriot Bode Miller is set to race in Wednesday 's men 's super-G , despite only having completed training runs since undergoing back surgery three months ago .	Anna Fenninger wins super-G world title with Lindsey Vonn third Vonn wins first world medal since downhill silver four years ago Tiger Woods watching again , one month after losing a tooth spectating in Italy Bode Miller set to make his comeback in Wednesday 's men 's super-G
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The death toll in China 's outbreak of hand-foot-mouth disease has risen to 42 children , with the capital Beijing reporting its first case Wednesday , state media said . Parents sit with children being treated for the virus in Fuyang , China , last month . The child died on the way to a hospital Sunday , health authorities told the Xinhua news agency . Another child died of the virus at a Beijing hospital , but that death was counted in the child 's home province of Hebei , which neighbors Beijing , the news agency said . So far , the virus has sickened 24,934 children on the Chinese mainland , authorities said . All 42 people who died have been children . The deaths are blamed on enterovirus 71 , or EV-71 , one of the most common causes of hand-foot-mouth disease  HFMD  . The official count of infections has increased dramatically in recent days since an order issued late last week by the Ministry of Health mandating that all cases be reported . HFMD is not related to foot-and-mouth disease , which affects farm animals . HFMD can be caused by a number of intestinal viruses , of which EV-71 and Coxsackie A16 are among the most common . In mild cases , EV-71 causes cold-like symptoms , diarrhea , and sores on the hands , feet and mouth . Severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio-like paralysis and death . There is no treatment for severe EV-71 infections nor does a vaccine exist . Adults with well-developed immune systems can usually fend off the virus , but children are particularly vulnerable to it , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Public health officials expect the number of cases to peak this summer , since the disease thrives in warm weather . The virus is a concern for Chinese officials as the nation prepares to host the Summer Olympic Games starting August 8 . Taiwan had a large outbreak of HFMD in 1998 with 78 deaths , and smaller outbreaks in 2000 and 2001 , according to the CDC . China is also coping with the devastation left by a magnitude-7 .9 earthquake that struck Monday , killing thousands and leaving even more people trapped in debris or simply listed as missing .	Hand-foot-mouth disease has sickened 24,934 children in China ; 42 have died Illness is caused by virus ; not related to foot-and-mouth disease in animals There is no vaccine and no treatment for severe cases , which can cause paralysis Adults with healthy immune systems can usually resist the disease
The family of ISIS hostage and U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig released a YouTube video Saturday asking his captors to show mercy and free him . Referring to him as Abdul-Rahman -- a first name his family says he took , having converted to Islam while being held hostage -- father Ed Kassig said : "  We implore his captors to show mercy and use their power to let our son go . " Peter Kassig , 26 , first went to the Middle East as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker , feeling compelled to help victims of war . His mother , Paula , addressed her son in the video : "  We are so very proud of you and the work you have done to bring humanitarian aid to the Syrian people , " she said . "  Most of all , know that we love you , and our hearts ache for you to be granted your freedom so we can hug you again and then set you free to continue the life you have chosen , the life of service to those in greatest need , " she added . The couple noted they were releasing the video on the same day of Islam 's Eid al-Adah or the Festival of Sacrifice , when Muslims slaughter lambs , goats , sheep and cattle and distribute the meat to the poor and their families . The holiday coincides with the end of the hajj pilgrimage and commemorates Allah 's sparing Abraham from sacrificing his son Ishmael . A native of Indiana , Peter Kassig founded Special Emergency Response and Assistance , a nongovernmental organization aiding Syrians fleeing the civil war there . Since 2012 , he delivered food and medical supplies within and outside Syria and provided trauma care and training , his family said . But on October 1 , 2013 , he was "  detained " on his way to Deir Ezzor in eastern Syria while performing a project for SERA , his family said . Peter Kassig 's life was threatened Friday in an ISIS video that showed the apparent beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning . In a statement Friday , Kassig 's parents , Ed and Paula Kassig of Indianapolis , confirmed that their son was being held hostage by ISIS but provided no other details on his abduction . They had maintained silence about his capture since he was taken hostage in 2013 . "  The Kassig family extends our concern for the family of Alan Henning , " Kassig 's parents said . "  We ask everyone around the world to pray for the Henning family , for our son , and for the release of all innocent people being held hostage in the Middle East and around the globe . " Joined the Army in 2006 Kassig 's journey began when he joined the U.S. Army Rangers in 2006 and deployed to Iraq in 2007 . He was honorably discharged for medical reasons after a brief tour and returned to the United States to study political science and train for 1,500-meter races . But something was n't right . "  I was going to school with kids who look the same , were the same age as me , but we were n't the same , " he said . "  I wanted more of a challenge , a sense of purpose . " Portraits of conflict : Can an image stop the bloodshed ? In 2010 , Kassig took time off and began his certification as an emergency medical technician . In the two years that followed , he fell in love , got married and quickly divorced . Devastated and heartbroken , he went back to school , but he could n't shake his depression . "  I needed a game-changer , " he said . He decided he would head to Beirut , follow the situation in Syria and try to help . So , on his spring break this year he packed his medical kit and flew into the Lebanese capital . The next two weeks were filled with eye-opening misadventures as Kassig began to scratch the surface of the complexities of the Syrian conflict and the Middle East as a whole . Founded a humanitarian aid organization "  I had learned enough to know that I did n't know anything , " he said . After finishing the semester back in the United States , he returned to Lebanon , only this time with a plan . "  The way I saw it , I did n't have a choice . This is what I was put here to do . I guess I am just a hopeless romantic , and I am an idealist , and I believe in hopeless causes . " Kassig then founded SERA , and in summer 2013 he moved its base of operations to Gaziantep , Turkey . Kassig 's family said SERA was dedicated to providing first-response humanitarian aid for refugees fleeing the widening civil war in Syria . "  I am not a doctor . I am not a nurse , " he said in the 2012 interview . "  But I am a guy who can clean up bandages , help clean up patients , swap out bandages , help run IVs , make people 's quality of life a little bit better . This is something for me that has meaning , that has purpose . " Converted to Islam Kassig 's family said he converted to Islam while being held hostage and now goes by Abdul-Rahman . The family said they understand , "  from speaking to former hostages , that Kassig 's faith has provided him comfort during his long captivity . " While working in hospitals , some of those Kassig helped treat were rebel fighters , all who vowed they would return to the battlefield as soon as they could . Others were the innocent victims of a spiraling conflict . One patient , 24-year-old Louliya , said she and her three children were run over by a military jeep as they tried to escape the Syrian military siege of their village . Her spinal cord was crushed , leaving her unable to move from the neck down . She was smuggled across the border to Lebanon for surgery . She smiled bravely but was unable to stop the tears from rolling down her face . "  All I want is to be able to hold my children in my arms again , " she said softly , trying but failing to imitate the cradling of a child . Despite dangers , doctors honor oath in a secret Syrian field hospital He bonded with doctors , patients Kassig said his direct exposure to what was something of an alien conflict and culture before transformed his perspective . "  There is this mentality from where I come from back home that I have a little bit of a problem with , " he said . "  I do n't want to get on a political soap box , but at the same time we have to think about why as a country we choose to help certain people and not others . "  We have to think about why we just chalk up the Middle East -LSB- as -RSB- this complex enigma that we will never understand because they are so different from us . But at the end of the day , they are really not . It 's just about whether or not you 're willing to go out on a limb and understand something , " he said . "  Peter can tell the American people who we are , " said Marwan , a Syrian nurse he worked with . "  We are not what the regime says we are -- terrorists and al Qaeda . Peter knows we are good people , who love joking and laughter . We just want to live . " Kassig was struck by the resilience of the Syrians he met , by their ability to smile and somehow joke even in the darkest of circumstances . "  This is real , and it 's scary stuff , and it 's sad what is happening to people here , " he said . "  People back home need to know about it , they need to know . Sometimes you got ta take a stand , you got ta draw a line somewhere . " When outrage is n't enough Your take : Intervene or not ?	Ed and Paula Kassig urge ISIS to release their son Peter Kassig changed his first name to Abdul-Rahman when converting to Islam "  We implore his captors to show mercy , " his father says on videotaped message "  Most of all , know that we love you , " his mother says to son
CNN  -- Some cried and others cheered in emotional scenes as pro-democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi addressed thousands of Burmese migrants Wednesday on the outskirts of the Thai capital Bangkok . It 's the first time the Myanmar opposition leader has been outside the country , also known as Burma , in more than two decades after a long period of detention by the ruling military junta . Burmese migrant workers dream of return home Several thousand people gathered to hear her speak , many of whom had spent years living in exile to escape poverty and the country 's oppressive regime . From a balcony high above the crowd , Suu Kyi said that the onus was on the government of Myanmar and Burmese people everywhere to build a new country to encourage their return . "  Everybody has a responsibility . They too -LSB- Burmese workers -RSB- have a responsibility and we too have a responsibility to create the kind of country to which all our people can return , whenever they wish too . " The peaceful freedom fighter Suu Kyi addressed the inequalities experienced by Burmese migrants in Thailand , who rights workers say are treated as cheap labor and second class citizens . "  The laws of this land which do provide protection for workers are not always observed by everybody concerned . This is due to two things , " Suu Kyi said . "  One , of course , we need to educate our workers as to their rights , by what kind of legal means there are for defending their rights because whatever we negotiate with our host government we want to do it in a harmonious way . Of course we will also be asking for help and support from the local authorities , " she said . Onlookers waved flags and photos of the pro-democracy campaigner and her father General Aung San , a revolutionary who was assassinated six months before Myanmar 's independence from British rule . Some climbed onto rooftops for clearer view of Suu Kyi , whose National League of Democracy party won a number of seats in Parliament in April in the country 's first free and fair vote in decades . Before her arrival , Burmese migrants spoke of their desire for jobs within the country which has been ruled by a military junta since a bloodless coup in 1962 . "  I want to hear good news from her . I want to hear about the independence of Burma and democracy and that there are jobs available , " said San Nyo , a Burmese migrant from Daw who has been living in Thailand for three years . Another , Myint Swe , a vendor who has lived in Thailand with his wife and three children for 12 years , told CNN : "  I love Suu Kyi . This is a very happy moment . I want her to say we can come home and have jobs . " "  It is tough living in Thailand . We get a lot of pressure from Thai police and passport control , " he added . Within the last two years , Myanmar 's leadership has eased repressive controls on the country , allowing opposition parties to take part in the most recent elections . Suu Kyi 's visit to Bangkok comes ahead of a longer trip to Europe next month during which she will make a series of key addresses , including the acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize that she was prevented from collecting in 1991 because she was in detention . CNN 's Pamela Boykoff contributed to this report .	Aung San Suu Kyi addresses crowds outside a Burmese migrants ' center in Thailand Myanmar opposition leader is on her first trip outside the country in more than 20 years Onlookers climbed onto rooftops ahead of her speech in Mahachai , southwest of Bangkok Suu Kyi told them she would try her best to look after migrant workers ' rights
CNN  -- It 's sacrilege to some Apple fanboys . It 's also something none of Apple 's competitors have been able to claim since that "  magical " day in early 2010 . But when Microsoft unveiled the Surface tablet  actually a pair of them  Monday , the software company clearly had one ultimate goal : to make a tablet that 's better than the iPad . By most standards , Apple has crushed its tablet rivals that have tried to compete feature-for-feature . No single tablet running Google 's Android system has gotten much traction  save the smaller , cheaper Kindle Fire from Amazon  and BlackBerry maker RIM 's Playbook hit the market with a thud . And Microsoft 's past attempts at building Apple-like gadgets -- witness the iPod-copying Zune -- have failed . Unlike some hasty competitors , Microsoft took its time getting into the tablet game . Earlier this year , the company rolled out the Windows 8 operating system , software that is optimized for mobile and that manufacturers such as Samsung and Asus are already building tablets around . But Microsoft clearly wanted to control at least one version of the hardware , a move it has largely shied away from during its history . And Microsoft seems determined to get this one right . So , the question remains -- will this be the tablet that finally gives Apple a run for its money ? Details about the Surface are sketchy -- no price or release date were announced , and info about apps is scant . But there are at least five features CEO Steve Ballmer and friends showed off Monday that might make the Surface better than the iPad . Keyboard A frustration for many users of the iPad and other touchscreen devices is the keyboard . While it 's possible to get somewhat proficient at tapping spots on a flat screen , most acknowledge it 's impossible to get e-mail and other documents written as quickly as with physical keys . Sure , there are third-party keyboards you can buy to add onto the iPad , but they can be clunky . The Surface keyboard will be part of its Touch Cover , which is connected with magnets and flips open . There will be a version with pressure-sensitive flat keys and another with more traditional raised keys called a Type Cover . They 're both sleeker and thinner than many of the third-party offerings for the iPad . The Touch Cover is 3 millimeters thick , and the Type Cover is 5 millimeters . And for the style-sensitive among us , they 'll come in a variety of colors , including black , pink , red and blue . Some folks see the inclusion of a keyboard as the Surface 's big selling point . "  If it works well , the keyboard -- which I got to inspect at great length but not actually type on -- is going to be the Surface 's killer attraction , " wrote Slate 's Farhad Manjoo . "  Lots of people get frustrated with the iPad because typing on it is a major chore . They want to use it like a full-fledged desktop , but they 're stymied by the input method . ... If the Surface ships with the keyboard -- and if Microsoft markets the device as a tablet that will let you get some work done -- it could be a big hit . " Add the machine 's trackpad and built-in "  kickstand , " and you 've got usability features that current iPads do n't possess . Size Apple has made such a compact , stylish tablet that many of its competitors look chunky by comparison . That 's not true of the Surface , at least as it was demoed Monday . First , its display screen is 10.6 inches , almost a full inch bigger than the iPad 's . And the company says it 's optimized to have essentially the same dimensions as a movie screen : So , farewell black bars when watching video . The Surface for Windows RT is a fraction of a millimeter thinner than the iPad  9.3 vs. 9.4  , while the heftier Surface for Windows 8 Pro will be 13.5 millimeters . The RT weighs virtually the same as the iPad  it 's less than an ounce heavier  , while the Pro will be around 2 pounds . The Surface 's Touch Cover , with the keyboard , is 3 millimeters thick . "  Every micron matters within Microsoft Surface , " Microsoft 's Panos Panay said Monday . Power Especially with the Windows 8 Pro model , Microsoft has set out to blur the line between tablets and the new wave of light , slim ultrabooks and their predecessor , Apple 's Macbook Air . Tablets have always been a hybrid hovering somewhere between a smartphone and a laptop , best used for game playing , Web surfing and media consumption . Microsoft wants the Surface to be something you can actually do some work on . The Windows Pro model will run on an i5 Intel processor and come with up to 128 gigabytes of internal memory  the iPad currently goes up to 64  . USB ports Both versions of the Surface come with two USB ports  2.0 on the RT and a faster 3.0 on the Windows Pro  . The lack of ports has been one of the few persistent compaints about the iPad . These ports open up the possibility of extra storage , printing and other external capabilities that should be easier and quicker than the workarounds iPad users need involving cloud storage , Wi-Fi connections and the like . Xbox SmartGlass The Xbox SmartGlass feature , which Microsoft rolled out at this month 's E3 video gaming expo , will work with the iPad and Android tablets . But it 's not hard to envision Microsoft optimizing the technology for its own piece of hardware . The system looks to make the Xbox a central device in the living room -- one that may or may not be even used for video games . It will connect a smartphone or tablet with the Xbox , which in turn will be connected with the television . By connecting the devices , users can watch a movie on their television while getting bonus material on their tablet . They could also start enjoying a game or movie on the tablet , then transfer it to a TV -- or vice versa . If the feature is front and center on the Surface , it will be one more step in Microsoft 's push to bring all of a user 's devices together within the flexible Windows 8 system .	From early showing , Microsoft 's Surface tablet could be superior to the iPad in some ways A built-in keyboard and trackpad will make Surface easier for some to use It has USB ports , making printing and external storage simpler No price or release date has been announced for the Surface , unveiled Monday
New York  CNN  -- Two of the three suspects believed to be involved in a potential 9/11 anniversary plot against New York or Washington are of Arab descent and traveled to the United States last week , according to a U.S. government official . Authorities are operating under the assumption that two of the suspects have arrived on U.S. soil , and have been piecing together clues gleaned from flight logs and manifests , among other sources , said the official , who declined to be named . A third plotter is believed to have been traveling in Europe , though it is not clear whether that person has arrived in the United States , the official said . American spy networks had intercepted communications of an attack from an al Qaeda operative in Pakistan , derived from a source who has provided accurate information in the past , official say . No other corroborating evidence of an attack has been uncovered , but it has prompted intelligence officials to sift through communications from other al Qaeda cells . The information suggests the plan -- thought to involve a vehicle-borne explosive device -- is meant to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks . The exact type of strike , however , is largley unclear and still remains unconfirmed . U.S. officials rarely speak on the record about intelligence intercepts . And in the days following the raid on Osama bin Laden 's compound , officials indicated al Qaeda had gone to great lengths to avoid having its communications intercepted by the United States . While the precise nature of communication intercepts is rarely discussed , U.S. officials repeatedly have indicated their comfort with sharing the results of those intercepts . Authorities also say they have picked up "  chatter , " or widely divergent communications , from extremists that suggest the newly tapped al Qaeda head , Ayman al-Zawahiri , is in some way involved in the current plot . Meanwhile , heightened security was visible Saturday in New York and Washington as intelligence officials worked to pin down information about the potential threat . A senior U.S. official said the plot was believed to involve three individuals . It is believed to entail a vehicle bomb , but "  we can not rule out other means , " the official said . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden also weighed in Friday , saying the information was at least in part gleaned from the May raid against bin Laden in Abottabad , Pakistan . "  This is the first ... credible piece of information we 've gotten , " Biden told NBC 's "  Today " show . "  All hands are on deck . " It is not clear how the bin Laden raid helped authorities connect the dots to the prospect of an anniversary attack , but Biden downplayed the threat of a widely sophisticated plot involving multiple conspirators . He said the administration 's principal concern is a plot from a "  lone actor , not some extremely complicated plan like it took to take down the World Trade  Center  towers or the plane in Shanksville  Pennsylvania  or the Pentagon . " He added , "  It does n't mean they could n't happen , but it 's much less likely . The lone actor is the more worrisome thing because there are fewer trails to follow , there are fewer leads to move on . " On Saturday morning , police officers stopped and searched box trucks as they approached the George Washington Bridge , which links New Jersey with New York , as well as the Queens-Midtown Tunnel , the Holland Tunnel and the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge , connecting the boroughs of Staten Island and Brooklyn . Police also manned checkpoints in Midtown and downtown Manhattan , where they examined vehicles , particularly vans and trucks , for possible bombs . New York police also are sweeping parking garages for explosives and using digital license plate readers to check for stolen vehicles . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has directed state police and asked National Guardsmen to help secure areas during the anniversary weekend , bolstering an already heightened level of security . "  We already had a great security plan in place , and in an abundance of caution , we 're deploying more resources , " he told reporters . "  We should n't allow this threat to diminish the importance of the 9/11 anniversary , because that would be doing just what the terrorists want us to do . " A senior U.S. administration official said Friday that it is the "  origin " of the intelligence information that is causing particular concern . U.S. officials believe that operatives came out of the tribal Pakistan-Afghanistan border region -- a volatile semi-lawless area that is home to extremist groups -- and that they are part of al Qaeda "  central . " The official also noted a possibility that Pakistan-based groups such as Lashkar e-Tayyiba or Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan could be involved . A senior White House official said President Barack Obama had been updated about the potential threat after his speech to a joint session of Congress on Thursday night , and White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan briefed him again Friday . No changes have been made to the president 's schedule for the weekend . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters Thursday night that while additional police will be deployed around the city , "  There 's no reason for any of the rest of us to change ... our daily routines . " A joint intelligence bulletin issued by the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security on Thursday indicated other methods than a truck or car bomb could be used , including attacks with small arms , homemade explosives and poisons . Al Qaeda probably would provide its operatives with enough autonomy to select the particular target and method of attack , the bulletin said , and an attack may involve operatives carrying U.S. documentation . Intelligence officials believe al Qaeda "  likely maintained an interest since at least February 2010 in conducting large attacks in the Homeland timed to coincide with symbolic dates , to include the 10-year anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks , " according to the intelligence bulletin . Bin Laden 's death and the "  removal " of senior al Qaeda figures since then could add to the organization 's desire to stage an attack on a symbolic date such as September 11 , the bulletin said . In Washington , local officials said the city has a robust plan in place and has been on heightened alert since September 1 . "  I want to urge all of our citizens ... to remain calm and let our law enforcement professionals do their job . At the same time , we ask people to remain vigilant , " Mayor Vincent Gray said . "  If you see something , say something . " Unattended vehicles around key infrastructure will be towed , Washington Metropolitan Police Chief Cathy Lanier said . Federal officials said they are taking the threat seriously , while trying to temper the news by saying such threats are commonplace in connection with key dates . Rep. Peter King , R-New York , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said specific details were revealed to lawmakers about the threat . "  Many agencies are looking at this from every possible angle , " he said . But it is not known yet if the threat is real , he said , adding , "  I would tell people now to go about their lives . There 's no need to panic . " CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers , Lesa Jansen , Allan Chernoff , Thomas Evans , Terry Frieden , Jessica Yellin , John King , Jim Barnett , Pam Benson , Fran Townsend and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Two Americans of Arab descent are believed to be involved in 9/11 plot NEW : Authorities are piecing together clues gleaned from flight logs and manifests NEW : A third plotter is believed to be have traveling in Europe Gov. Andrew Cuomo directs state police to help with security at major transport hubs
CNN  -- Chris Meek put his motorcycle in storage in Wilmington , North Carolina , to protect it from Hurricane Earl as the Category 4 hurricane headed toward the North Carolina coast . He fought crowds at the grocery store to stock up on supplies and tried to soothe anxieties among students in his sixth-grade class . About 175 miles away , in Kitty Hawk , North Carolina , Sarah Baker was bracing Thursday for her first hurricane . "  The locals have been really nice , telling me what I needed to buy to get ready , " the recent college graduate said . Meek and Baker are two of millions of people watching and waiting as Hurricane Earl looms offshore , moving closer and closer to land . "  We were a little nervous yesterday because we were unsure of the track of the storm , " but now it looks like it 's going to miss his area , said Meek , who teaches social studies and science at Charles P. Murray Middle School . Several of his students live in Carolina Beach , just south of the zone covered by a hurricane warning . One student 's mother bought a lot of water , and another , whose father is in the military , brought home dozens of MREs -- meals ready to eat -- that are normally issued to troops in the field . Meek said he 's also seen a rush at several local stores , including supermarkets , as well as home improvement and hardware stores , as people try to get ready for whatever Earl brings . Some of his students talked about their fears of the impending hurricane , sparked by footage they 'd seen of the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , Meek said . They were nervous that something similar could happen in their neighborhoods , he explained . But now that it looks like the worst of the storm might miss them , they 're disappointed that they wo n't have a day off from school tomorrow , he joked . Baker said this is her first hurricane . "  I 'm looking forward to it , " she said , although she admitted she does n't really know what to expect . The Oklahoma native , who works for a vacation rental company in Kitty Hawk , said she saw tornadoes in her home state and later experienced earthquakes when she moved to Southern California . Now , fresh out of college and newly established in Kitty Hawk , she 's enjoying the scene . "  We had a beautiful sunrise -- I 'm making a video of that now -- and it 's just starting to get cloudy . " Baker , who contributed video of waves and surf churned up by Hurricane Earl to CNN 's iReport , says she hopes she does n't have to stay inside too much . "  There are some guys who do hurricane preparations and I 'm going to go out with them for a while and shoot some more video , " she said . Are people still out ? "  Yes , they are . I saw some people out surfing this morning , but the rip tides are really getting strong so I do n't think they 'll be able to stay in much longer . I saw this one guy who went into the surf and just a couple of minutes later he was a quarter mile down the beach . " Many vacationers along the Carolina coast started to head home Wednesday , especially after a few counties issued evacuation orders for visitors . But that 's not stopping Jason Bays , who lives in Jacksonville , Florida , from making a planned trip to visit friends in North Carolina . "  Where we were going is actually a beach condo they own " in Jacksonville , North Carolina , said Bays , 38 . "  But they live in Greenville , which is kind of northwest of Jacksonville , so we 're going to stay there instead . That 's if there 's power and things like that . I 'm hoping it 's not too bad . " Bays , an engineer for AT&T , said he was "  kind of bummed out " when he first thought that Earl might affect his vacation plans . "  But then I found out that it was n't going to be an exact hit , so we thought maybe we 'll still try to make it , which we are going to go for , " he told CNN . He previously lived in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , for seven years , so he 's experienced hurricanes before . "  I 've lived through a few , " Bays said . He said usually he drove north to get away from the storms , but on one occasion , about five years ago , he decided to ride out the hurricane . "  The wind was incredible . I could n't believe it . " "  I remember thinking , I wish I would have left , " he added . "  It 's a scary thing . " Rusty Mace of Beaufort , North Carolina , said all he saw at one point Thursday were "  sprinkles , " a dark gray sky , and tides perking up -- but not lightning and thunder . "  I hate to say it , " said Mace , "  but we are used to this . " He lives right on the ocean and is expecting no more than wind , rain , and possible power outages . "  I guess you can say we 're idiots , " he said "  We 've got our mobile home tied down and we 're good to go . " Mace said only a couple of stores have closed , but no one is boarding up windows or taking extreme precautions . Mace 's mother is ill so there is no way they could evacuate if they wanted to , but he states , "  Even if we could leave , we would n't . " "  My biggest concern , " said Mace , "  is if the refrigerator is going to be running tomorrow . " Watch Mace 's iReport from the coast Scott Bard and his family have decided to ride out Hurricane Earl as they are visiting Sandbridge , Virginia . He thinks the storm will be a "  glancing blow , " but his wife disagrees . "  The first thing she said to me this morning was ` we should evacuate , ' " said Bard , "  and I usually listen to her , but this time I 'm pretty confident we 'll be OK . " Originally from Richmond , Virginia , Bard said he experienced what he thinks will turn out to be a worse storm , Hurricane Isabel in 2003 . Chris Hall -- president of Blue Water Yacht Sales in Hampton , Virginia , -- also remembers the "  really bad " Isabel , and said some people are really preparing for this hurricane and others are n't . "  I 'm personally concerned that if the storm does n't turn , we 'll have a big surprise , " Hall said . Many of his customers are moving boats off the water where the surge is mounting up , and they are trying to create more room for boats that are evacuating the churning sea . "  We 're sending trucks to New England to pick up additional stands , " said Hall . "  And until we run out of real estate , we 'll keep hauling . " Farther north in Belmar , New Jersey , 42-year-old Mary Wall owns the Matisse Restaurant -- right on the boardwalk by the ocean . She said the town has already started to prepare by erecting a storm fence in hopes of keeping sand from going onto the boardwalk . She 's taking awnings and other things down -- tasks she usually performs in the winter . "  We 've already got 8 - to 10-foot waves . It 's a little windy , but not that much yet , " she said . "  I do n't think it 's going to get that bad . From what I 'm watching right now , we 're going to get 40 miles an hour winds . ... Hopefully , unless it turns , it 's going to miss us . " The big negative is that this big holiday beach weekend could turn into a dud for some shore businesses . But , Wall said , "  this weekend might be a wash . " While the storm will keep many away , it might attract others . "  I 'll get people who 'll want to sit in the restaurant and watch the storm , " she said . CNN 's Melissa Gray , Randy Harber , Alan Silverleib , Kelsey Jones and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Crowds pack grocery stores in some towns along the East Coast The seas are getting too rough for surfers , Kitty Hawk resident says Some people are sticking to their vacation plans in North Carolina and Virginia
CNN  -- The latest nude celebrity photo leak is yet another case of how the Internet often lets people do whatever they want to whomever they want . On Sunday , a user of anonymous Internet message board 4chan posted hundreds of nude photos of some of Hollywood 's biggest celebrities , including actress Jennifer Lawrence and model Kate Upton . The poster claimed photos of Victoria Justice and Ariana Grande were included , but the singer/actresses deny that the photos are real . Representatives and the women themselves have begun issuing their denials  in the case of Justice and Grande  and confirmations  in the case of Lawrence and Upton  . A representative for Lawrence confirmed in an email to Buzzfeed that the images were stolen from the actress ' iCloud account . "  This is a flagrant violation of privacy , " the representative said . "  The authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence . " Of course , what happened here is more than a violation of privacy ; it 's flat-out criminal invasion . Prosecution , however , may be something of a long shot . Although a Florida man responsible for breaking into the private email accounts of more than 50 celebs and posting many explicit photos online is serving 10 years in prison , the law is only just beginning to catch up to the problem of what is broadly referred to as "  revenge porn , " or the unauthorized posting of explicit content without the consent of the individual . Most websites that host these photos are protected by a federal law that absolves them of responsibility for material posted by third parties . It 's legal in most of the United States , and only a few states -- about 12 -- have laws that make posting on such sites a crime ... if you can even find out who the poster is . Prosecuting depends on first determining who uploaded the photo and where the photo originated . A California law , for example , did not , until just last week , protect victims who took the photos themselves . These unclear , largely ineffectual laws have in turn encouraged a culture of victim-blaming , which we 're seeing here in full force . Consider that the biggest headlines have n't been along the lines of "  How can someone can do this and get away with it ? " but a debate over who bears greater blame : Apple 's iCloud or the women themselves . Certainly , the surest way to avoid ever having your most private photos shared publicly is to not take them in the first place . This is the philosophy behind the most common advice given to teens , among whom the rates of "  sexting " continue to rise . Trust no one . Share nothing . Even better : Take nothing . While we 're at it : Do n't leave the house . After all , you could get mugged , or raped . You 'd better not fly on a jet , either , what with all the terrorism and overworked pilots . Swim in the ocean ? No way : sharks ! It 's ridiculous logic . How celebrity nude photos get leaked And yet much of the reaction to the celebrity leak has fallen prey to such logic , questioning why these celebrities would take such risqué -- and risky -- photos in the first place . For this reason , taking nude photos is most definitely a right to fight for , if only because ceasing to do so is a form of victim blaming , and far more harmful than protective . The blame for a crime lies not with the victim but with the criminal . Jennifer Lawrence was not naïve , or tacky , or any number of criticisms that have been and surely will be lobbed at her , for posing for provocative photos . She was a normal young woman . And I suspect that we 're more shocked by the fact that Lawrence had a glass of wine and posed naked for a boyfriend than the fact the image is now ours to see . We 've become accustomed to knowing everything about everyone . Actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead , one of the victims , received responses to her tweet , "  To those of you looking at photos I took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home , hope you feel great about yourselves , " that echoed this sentiment : " @M_E_Winstead Stop posing nude on camera , dummy . Your husband not know what you look like nude ? #LessonLearned . " She has since gone silent on Twitter . The message , of course , is n't that it 's heinous to so publicly and maliciously invade someone 's privacy but that these women brought their misfortune on themselves . After all , it would n't have happened to them if they did n't take the photos . But the first step to protecting our privacy both online and off is n't to demand that Apple make a stronger iCloud or to start stripping our storage spaces of anything private . Nor is it to insist that women stop taking nude photos of themselves or , for that matter , stop engaging in any activity they would n't want to be made public . Instead , it 's to take these crimes seriously and hold their executors accountable . The problem is n't the picture . It 's the perpetrator .	An anonymous poster put hundreds of nude photos of big celebs on message board Peggy Drexler : This is not just a violation of privacy ; it 's criminal invasion but hard to prosecute She says the debate should be over making this illegal , not over taking nude photos Drexler : The problem is n't the wisdom of photos or hacking iCloud ; it 's the perpetrator
United Nations  CNN  -- World leaders kicked off a historic two-day meeting at the United Nations on Monday by unanimously approving a "  political declaration " meant to stem a rising tide of noncommunicable diseases , now the world 's leading killer . It is only the second time a health issue has been debated at a special meeting of the General Assembly after the group 's pledge to take on AIDS a decade ago . "  This is a landmark meeting , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . "  Three out of every five people on Earth die from the diseases that we gather here to address . " Illnesses that range from diabetes to heart disease to cancer are increasingly reaching developing nations , Ban said , which are often ill-equipped to provide the kinds of medicines and levels of treatment to offset their effects . "  More than a quarter of all people who die from  such diseases  succumb in the prime of their lives , " he added . "  The vast majority live in developing countries . " The measure is expected to be adopted in full after a second day of discussion Tuesday . But it will then depend on cooperation from companies that produce food , alcohol and tobacco products to implement broad-sweeping policy shifts to achieve lasting changes that U.N. members say they are hoping for . World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan called the issue a "  slow-motion disaster , " citing one study that put the cost of noncommunicable diseases to the global economy at $ 30 trillion by 2030 . The effect on individual households , analysts say , is often manifest in reduced physical capacities , long-term treatment and high health care costs . On the national scale , the effect is more clear . Associated costs for heart disease , stroke and diabetes in China alone amounted to $ 18 billion in 2005 , according to a U.N. statement . Russia expended $ 11 billion that year , while India spent $ 9 billion and Brazil spent $ 3 billion . A year later , 36 million people died from noncommunicable diseases worldwide , representing nearly two-thirds of all reported global deaths . Chan said the rise of these diseases is being driven by urbanization and "  unhealthy lifestyles , " prompted by systemic use of alcohol , tobacco and readily available processed foods . "  For a growing number of people ,  those foods  are the quickest ways to fill their stomachs , " she said . Meanwhile , global obesity levels have doubled since 1980 , according to a recent report . "  Obesity is the signal that something is terribly wrong , " said Chan , who urged a systemic approach among world governments to combat those diseases . Traditionally more widespread in developed nations , obesity -- which , according to reports , is often a product of poor health practices and available food choices -- has increasingly spread to developing nations . Death and illness from noncommunicable diseases are greater threats than transmissible diseases like malaria and HIV in every region except Africa , where they are on the rise , according to a U.N. report . Ban on Monday called for a more comprehensive intervention plan to help reduce the threat , asking for "  tobacco-control measures , including raising taxes and bans on advertising and smoking in public places ; raising taxes on alcohol and enforcing bans on alcohol advertising ; reducing salt intake , " as well as replacing trans fats in foods with polyunsaturated fats . He called on member countries to promote public awareness about diet and physical activity , deliver hepatitis B vaccinations and encourage preventive care through counseling . "  It is our collective responsibility to make this meeting a success for all mankind , " said Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe , who attended Monday 's meeting .	U.N. members vow to reduce diabetes , heart disease , cancer 36 million people died from noncommunicable diseases worldwide in 2006 Such diseases are greater threats than transmissible diseases in nearly every region 3 of every 5 people die from noncommunicable diseases , U.N. head says
CNN  -- Mohammed Merah had plenty of stamps in his passport , according to French intelligence officials . He traveled through at least seven Middle Eastern and central Asian countries on his way to Afghanistan in 2010 . It was a meandering journey that might have been a metaphor for a young man in search of a purpose and identity . But it 's also clear that by then he had been exposed to a variety of jihadist influences . The 23-year-old Frenchman was shot dead last Thursday after being cornered by police in Toulouse . By then he had murdered seven people in a series of gun attacks . As more details emerge about his short and troubled life , French security services are examining family and local influences on Merah , as well as trying to establish who he may have met during that trip to Afghanistan and another two-month visit to Pakistan in 2011 . Merah certainly never made any attempt to disguise his travels . While in Pakistan in October of last year , he even contacted a French intelligence official who wanted to interview him about his previous journey , saying he was there to look for a wife . "  As soon as I get back , I will contact you , " he told his contact , according to Bernard Squarcini , the head of DRCI -- France 's domestic security service . After being hospitalized with hepatitis upon his return , Merah eventually sat down with French investigators , bringing a USB drive with photographs of what he said was his touristic journey across the regon . But as the standoff unfolded in Toulouse last week , Merah told a very different story -- boasting to French police that he had been trained by al Qaeda in Waziristan , the tribal area of Pakistan where many European jihadists have gone . Merah said he had been trained by a solo instructor rather than in a camp because he would have stood out as a French speaker . But he also said there were other French militants in Waziristan , according to Squarcini . He also claimed that "  brothers in Pakistan " had supplied him with funds , helping him buy what he said were 20,000 euros  about $ 26,600  worth of weapons for his attacks . French police believe it is more likely he raised the funds through a series of temporary jobs and petty crime . But who , if anyone , trained Merah ? Was his rambling confession during the siege the invention of a young man with what his attorney calls signs of a "  dual personality ? " Or did his skill as a gunman suggest training somewhere ? "  He 's a Janus , two-faced . You have to go back to his broken childhood and psychiatric troubles . To carry out what he did smacks more of a medical problem and fantasy than a simple jihadist trajectory , " Squarcini told the newspaper , Le Monde . The Long Way to Kandahar Merah 's 2010 odyssey included Cairo , where his brother Abdelkader then lived , as well as Turkey , Syria , Lebanon , Jordan , Iraq and even Israel , where according to French officials he was briefly detained and relieved of a knife by police . Israeli officials have not confirmed he was there . French officials say Merah entered Afghanistan in the fall of 2010 through its northern border with Tajikistan , and traveled south to the Taliban heartland in Kandahar . That 's when he first appeared on French security services ' radar , according to Squarcini , who told Le Monde that Merah was detained at a roadblock while traveling with a group of Afghans in November 2010 . He was transferred to American custody and put on a plane back to Kabul , returning to France on December 5 , 2010 . French officials have not publicly disclosed any evidence that Merah developed ties to al Qaeda or other terrorist outfits during his two trips . Nor has any "  proof of mission " video yet surfaced featuring Merah , though such releases have sometimes taken many months . However , Richard Barrett , the coordinator of the U.N. Sanctions Committee on al Qaeda and the Taliban , told CNN there were indications that Merah appeared to have had contacts with militants in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region . And Le Monde cited security sources as saying that he may have been in touch with the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan . Is it possible that in just a few weeks in Pakistan Merah could have become a trained jihadist ? There are precedents . Adis Medunjanin , an American citizen of Bosnian descent who goes on trial next month for an al Qaeda bomb plot against New York in 2009 , spent only one month in Pakistan . According to his alleged co-conspirators Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay , the trio connected with al Qaeda and were trained and directed to launch a plot against the United States . Zazi and Ahmedzay have pleaded guilty to the plot . A document found on an alleged Austrian al Qaeda operative in Berlin last year , which German authorities believe was written by a senior al Qaeda figure , recommended that foreign fighters should be trained quickly and sent back to their home countries to enhance the group 's ability to target the West regularly , according to Yassin Musharbash , a reporter with Germany 's Die Zeit newspaper . A family with jihadist connections Merah 's path to radicalism remains murky but appears to have been influenced by family connections . His mother is married to Sabri Essid , a member of a Toulouse network that tried to recruit fighters to join al Qaeda in Iraq . Essid was convicted in a French court in 2009 after being detained in Syria in 2006 where he was running an al Qaeda safe house . According to French security officials , Merah tried to visit his stepfather in prison in 2008 and sent him money . His brother Abdelkader was also suspected of involvement in the same network but not charged . He has now been charged with complicity in the recent spate of murders . A senior Belgian counterterrorism official has told CNN that Abdelkader Merah first came to their notice during a joint investigation in 2008 with French police into a Brussels , Belgium-based jihadist recruitment network . The network was sending Belgian and French militants to Cairo en route to join militants in Iraq -- and may also have connected Europeans to jihadist groups in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region . While living in Cairo , Abdelkader Merah was associated with militants , said the official , but the investigation did not result in charges against him . Investigators are now looking more closely at the time Mohammed Merah spent with his brother in Egypt . It is also possible that Mohammed Merah became radicalized while serving a 21-month prison sentence for theft in France . He told police during the standoff that he had learned the Quran while in jail . At some point , Merah appears to have developed connections with Forsane Alizza , a pro-al Qaeda group in France with a cluster of followers in Toulouse . The group was outlawed in January 2012 for encouraging French citizens to travel to Afghanistan to fight jihad . According to an analysis by the International Centre for the Study of Radicalization , the group has between 30 and 100 full-fledged members and several thousand online followers . Following the ban , its leader Mohamed Achamlane warned "  armed struggle is possible " should French society become more hostile to Islam . A central Asian connection ? The only -- unlikely -- claim of responsibility for Merah 's gun attacks so far has come from a recently-formed central Asian terror group -- Jund al Khilafah  JaK  . "  One of the knights of Islam , our brother Yusuf al-Firansi  the Frenchman  , we ask Allah to accept him , went out in an operation that shook the foundations of Zio-Crusaderdom , " according to an online posting from the group translation by the SITE Intelligence Group . Some counterterrorism officials are skeptical of the claim . "  It seems highly opportunistic , " said Barrett , the coordinator of the U.N. Sanctions Committee on al Qaeda and the Taliban . Jacob Zenn , a Jamestown Foundation analyst who has researched JaK , told CNN the group has a track record of quickly and credibly claiming responsibility for attacks in Kazakhstan since its founding in September 2011 . "  JaK has a history of making very relevant and current statements , " typically within 48 hours , Zenn told CNN . The group , he said , had accurately provided information about attacks , before that information became publicly available . While the group is believed responsible for several attacks against security forces in 2011 including the country 's first suicide bombing and gun and grenade attacks , it has yet to launch an attack in Kazakhstan this year . Zenn said JaK 's apparent claim of responsibility posted Thursday was in similar form to others posted by the group . But he cautioned that an attack in France would be a completely new territory for the group , which had no known track record of attracting Western operatives . Last fall JaK claimed responsibility for several attacks across Kazakhstan , including a failed bombing in October in Atyrau -- an oil town near the banks of the Caspian Sea . Zenn believes it is possible that a crackdown by security services in Kazakhstan has driven more of its members to the relative safe haven of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region . He says it 's possible that Merah encountered jihadists on his journey through central Asia . However , JaK was not publicly known when Merah was in the region . The JaK footprint in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region is likely small , Zenn said . "  There are reports of no more than 30 of their members being in FATA  the tribal territories of Pakistan  and it 's possible they 've become integrated with a larger group like the IMU  the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan  , " he told CNN . The IMU , although not directly responsible for terrorist plots against the West , appears to have forged close ties with al Qaeda and the Pakistan Taliban in recent years , according to Western counterterrorism officials . A significant number of German militants have joined its ranks , including several implicated in an al Qaeda plot to attack Europe in late 2010 . As far as is known , Merah made no reference to any central Asian group during his standoff with authorities .	French authorities are probing Mohammed Merah 's background Merah was shot dead last week following a standoff with police Officials are looking into Merah 's trips to Afghanistan and Pakistan
New York  CNN  -- Protesters will resist any efforts to remove them from the Lower Manhattan park where they have been camped for nearly a month , despite Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's order that they vacate the park at 7 a.m. Friday so it can be cleaned , an organizer said Thursday . "  Come tomorrow morning , we will passively resist and make it as difficult a process to remove us as possible , " said Occupy Wall Street spokesman Tyler Combelic . "  It 's not an occupation if you ca n't occupy the park . " His words appeared to be backed up by the sentiment of the crowd of more than 1,000 protesters who filled Zuccotti Park Thursday night . "  All day ! All week ! Occupy Wall Street ! " they chanted . Combelic called the mayor 's announcement a "  not-so-veiled attempt " to force protesters from the park , setting up a possible confrontation with authorities . Protesters descended on the privately owned park near the New York Stock Exchange on September 17 to protest the nation 's ailing economy . "  You want to clean up something ? Clean up these crooks on Wall Street , " said City Council Member Charles Barron . Daniel Mintz of MoveOn.Org said he was planning to deliver to Bloomberg more than 350,000 petitions and signatures he received Thursday from supporters around the nation . "  The mayor would do a lot better cleaning up Wall Street than cleaning up the plaza , " he said . "  The park is clean , " said Letitia James , a councilwoman from Brooklyn . "  The issue of cleanliness is a ruse , a disguise and nothing more than an excuse to end OWS . " Some protesters could be seen sweeping up debris . Others said they have used donated funds to clean the park . A number of unions have pledged to support demonstrations cropping up in cities nationwide . Maida Rosenstein , president of UAW local 2110 , said members of her chapter planned to gather at the park at 7 a.m. , when the cleaning is scheduled to begin . "  If the mayor thinks he 's going to evict these protesters and end these protests , he needs to know that New Yorkers are watching , " Rosenstein said . "  The unions are going to be there tomorrow and are also watching . " Bloomberg met Wednesday with protesters and told them that the decision to clean the park was made after owners voiced concerns about "  unsanitary conditions and considerable wear and tear on the park . " "  The mayor is a strong believer in the First Amendment and believes that the protesters have a right to continue to protest , " Deputy Mayor for Operations Cas Holloway said in a written statement . But the situation in the park is "  not in the best interests of the protesters , residents or the city , " he said . The cleaning is to be done in stages , and protesters will be allowed to return to the park as areas are cleaned if they obey the rules set forth by the owners , Brookfield Properties , the statement said . "  The park has not been cleaned in four weeks , a process that is normally undertaken every night , " Brookfield said Thursday in a statement . "  Our goal is to keep the park clean , safe , and accessible to all . " A walk in the park Thursday night found it in orderly shape . The only distinctive smell was an occasional waft of marijuana smoke . Loads of cardboard boxes holding clothes and other personal belongings were neatly tied up in one area ; garbage bags were piled in garbage-collection areas ; a number of people were cleaning up . Authorities have distributed a pamphlet at the park outlining a list of rules for protesters after the scheduled cleanup . The rules prohibit camping or pitching tents ; lying on the ground or on benches ; placing tarps or sleeping bags on the ground ; using bicycles , skateboards or skates ; and storing personal property that interferes with park use . Zuccotti Park was built for the general public , but the weeks-long protest has raised concerns among area business owners and residents about sanitation . The protest campaign began in July with the launch of a campaign website calling for a march and a sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . For almost a month , demonstrations have addressed such issues as police brutality , union busting and the economy , the group said . Organizers have taken inspiration from this year 's Arab Spring protests that swept through North Africa and the Middle East . Crowds have taken up residence in the park in New York 's financial district , and organizers have called for 20,000 people to flood the area for a "  few months . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Anna Gonzalez and Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	"  It 's not an occupation if you ca n't occupy the park , " spokesman says A UAW official says the union plans to join protesters Friday morning Cleaning of Zuccotti Park is scheduled to begin 7 a.m. EDT Friday Brookfield Properties issues a list of rules for Zuccotti Park
CNN  -- Up until very recently , conventional wisdom held that shipping was a minor player in terms of greenhouse gas emissions . That all changed in October last year . Leaked details of a report by the International Association of Independent Tanker Owners  Intertanko  got into the press , and revealed an uncomfortable truth about the shipping industry -- its emissions could be double the amount everyone previously believed . Ships emit twice as much greenhouse gases as planes , according to at least one report . And that would make it 's carbon footprint double that of the aviation industry . The aviation industry emits around 650 million tons of greenhouse gases every year , representing around 3 percent of the global total . If the leaked documents from research submitted for the Interanko report are to be believed , the shipping industry 's contribution is more than twice the amount previously believed  600 million tons  -- which would mean ships emit as much as 1.2 billion tons of greenhouse gases a year . That would mean ships contribute between 5 percent and 6 percent of all the world 's greenhouse gases . To put that in perspective , according to law firm Earth Justice there are only six countries in the world with greater carbon dioxide emissions than the shipping industry : the United States , Japan , Germany , Russia , India and China . Quick facts about the shipping industry : • Ships consume at least 2 billion barrels of oil a year ; • They emit 20 percent of all sulphur dioxide emissions ; • 30 percent of all nitrogen oxide emissions ; • As much as 1.2 billion tons of carbon dioxide ; • Ships are responsible for at least 60,000 pollution-related deaths a year In addition to contributing to global warming , the airborne particles ships release from burning fuel  which is less refined than plane fuel  have been responsible for a high number of land-based premature deaths . A report by the University of Delaware believes at least 60,000 people die each year from lung or heart failure , caused by airborne particles small enough to enter the blood . They believe that number will increase by 40 percent by 2012 . The people who may be getting it worse are those who live near the world 's ports . A recent study by Bluewater Network suggests that a single cruise liner stopping off at a port can emit as much greenhouse gas as 12,400 cars during its stay there .  It is suggesting a system whereby docking ships can "  plug in " to the local electricity grid which , they say , would slash smokestack emissions by nearly 100 percent . Global trade pushes shipping The reason the shipping industry 's carbon footprint is so large is essentially because of global trade . At least 90 percent of all global trade is served by the shipping industry . Why ? Because ships can carry a whole lot more stuff than planes , making them a much more cost-effective means of transporting goods . As a result , while the aviation industry transports around 40 million tons of freight a year , the shipping industry carries 6 billion tons of it . Ships carry products over a collective distance of 6 million kilometers  3.7 million miles  every year . It 's not so surprising then why they get through so much fuel . In 2001 alone , they gobbled up as much as 280 millions tons of it . That 's more than twice as much fuel as the entire aviation industry gets through  130 million tons  a year -- and twice as much as Germany uses up . Some believe a virtuous circle has been created by advances in shipping technology and the explosion in international trade . The opening statement of a 2005 report issued by the OECD 's Maritime Transport Committee is quite revealing in this regard : "  The study confirms what was already known . The adaptability of regular cargo shipping lines and advances in technology -- mainly containerization -- have accompanied or even encouraged the vigorous growth in the trade of manufactured goods and the transfer of their production to regions and countries offering significant comparative advantages , mainly in terms of labor costs . " In short , as more goods get made in poorer countries , there will be more need to transport them to their customer markets around the world . The increase in the global transfer of goods will therefore dictate the levels of ships ' fuel consumption , and therefore their negative impact on the environment as well . By 2020 some estimates put the amount of fuel ships will need at as high as 400 million tons -- just to sustain the increase in business they receive from the growth in global trade . If nothing is done to come up with cleaner ways to power ships , maritime emissions could balloon by as much as 75 percent within that same time period , some estimates go . So how come ships have fallen below the radar for so long ? Some believe the reason has a lot to do with an imbalance of public pressure , which has traditionally focused on cars and planes . The thinking goes , most people know who the airlines and car makers are , while they would be hard-pressed to name the world 's largest ocean shipping company  it 's Denmark 's Maersk  . Others , like WWF say it has been difficult to regulate the shipping industry because "  international law limits the ability of coastal nations to impose and enforce their own environmental and navigational regulations on foreign ships passing through their waters " . For this reason , it says , countries have traditionally followed conventions set by international organizations such as the International Maritime Organization . But WWF argues the beaurocratic processes involved in these types of international bodies can mean issues take an unnecessarily long time to resolve  neither aviation nor shipping is included in the Kyoto Protocol , for example , and discussions to include these two polluting industries in the follow-up agreement to Kyoto are only happening now  . Essentially , the only countries that tend to push issues are the ones that are directly impacted . And that means even if issues are recognized early on , until enough interested countries push the agenda , those attempting to bring these issues to global attention remain lone voices . As the WWF points out on its web site : "  It was only after the single-hulled Exxon Valdez went down off the coast of Alaska in 1989 that the U.S. introduced a phase-out of these old tankers ... It took the sinking of the single-hulled Erika ten years later off the coast of France for the member states of the IMO to accelerate the global phase-out to match that of the US . " However law firm , Earth Justice believes nations could do a whole lot more to enforce both international rules when ships dock at their ports , as well as introducing their own rules . To that effect it has recently filed a petition , on behalf of a number of environmental NGOs , with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  to pressure it to enforce stricter rules on both US and foreign-owned ships stopping off at its ports . Earth Justice says the EPA does , in fact , have legal authority once ships come within 200 miles of the country 's coastline , so it can enforce its own strict pollution standards on ships , regardless of whether they are locally or foreign-owned . The NGOs involved essentially wants to see stricter rules on fuel efficiency as well as the use of cleaner fuels . Oceana , one of the environmental groups petitioning the EPA is warning that if nothing is done , "  shipping pollution will increase substantially , potentially doubling from 2002 levels by 2020 and tripling by 2030 . " E-mail to a friend Sources : International Chamber of Shipping ; Oceana ; IMO ; The Independent ; Maritime Transport Committee ; Sustainable Shipping ; New Scientist ; Bloombery ; Earth Justice ; WWF ; OECD ; Bluewater Network	Shipping industry more harmful than previously thought Estimates put emissions at as much as 1.2 billion tons More than 90 percent of global trade served by shipping industry More regulation needed , say environmental groups suing EPA
CNN  -- The artist known as the Picasso if India , Maqbool Fida Husain , died Thursday in a London hospital on Thursday . He was 95 . The celebrated but controversial artist is credited with introducing the avant garde movement to India and for influencing a whole generation of artists . It 's a huge shock to the nation , he has left a huge void in the world of Indian art , " said gallery owner Arun Vadhera , who described Husain as a close friend . Vadhera was with the a artist at the Royal Brompton hospital , where Husain died of cardiac arrest . He had been admitted to the hospital after he had trouble breathing from fluid in his lungs , Vadhera said . "  But he was chatting away , " Vadhera said . A self-taught artist , Husain was part of the Progressive Artists ' Group in the 1940s . His Indian folklore-inspired paintings sold for millions of dollars , making Husain one of India 's highest paid artists . "  Husain is the father of Indian modern art . Indian art would not have become so successful had it not been for him , and today the roof of Indian art has been removed , " Vadhera said . But Husain 's work was controversial . He received death threats from Hindu fundamentalists who were offended by the artist 's depictions of Hindu goddesses in the nude and a painting of a nude woman in the shape of the map of India . His work was condemned and his exhibitions vandalized . Husain left India had been living in self-imposed exile in Dubai since 2005 . He was offered citizenship by the government of Qatar , which he accepted in 2010 . "  I hope at least now the Indian government will give him the honor and respect that is long long due " art critic S. Kalidas said .	Husain died in a London hospital His was India 's most celebrated artist His works fetched millions of dollars But he came under attack from Hindu nationalists
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- -- Federal officials have fined Exxon Mobil more than $ 6 million after it violated a three-year-old agreement to decrease air pollution at four of its refineries . Exxon Mobil 's refinery in Baytown , Texas , is one of four that the EPA said had high sulfur emissions . The Justice Department announced Wednesday that the oil giant agreed to pay $ 6.1 million after Environmental Protection Agency officials determined the company had not sufficiently reduced sulfur emissions in its refineries in Baytown and Beaumont , Texas ; Baton Rouge , Louisiana ; and Torrance , California . Exxon Mobil had paid a $ 7.7 million fine in its original 2005 agreement with the government and promised to install new emissions controls at the refineries . The petroleum company said after the latest settlement its refineries now meet the required EPA standards on sulfur emissions . The company 's role in environmental pollution has been in the spotlight ever since the 1989 Exxon Valdez accident in Alaska , the worst oil spill in U.S. history . This past summer , the U.S. Supreme Court ordered the company to pay $ 507 million in punitive damages from the incident , down from an original $ 2.5 billion judgment .	EPA says company had not sufficiently reduced sulfur emissions at four refineries The facilities in question are in Texas , Louisiana and California Exxon Mobil says refineries now meet EPA standards on sulfur emissions
CNN  -- The silly season is upon us : the time during an election year when those trying to muck up the other side throw all sorts of nonsense about a candidate onto the public wall . Hillary Clinton , because she 's the Democrat 's presumptive 2016 front-runner , has become the target du jour . Frankly , I do n't know how public figures get through it . I 'm reminded of Henry Kissinger 's remark , which I 'm paraphrasing : "  It 's impossible to be paranoid in Washington because the definition of paranoia is the ` false belief that someone is out to get you . ' In Washington , someone is always out to get you . " The latest craziness comes from Matt Drudge , who publishes the Drudge Report , the political equivalent of an online supermarket tabloid . Drudge funnels anonymous propaganda into the mainstream media , propaganda it might not buy otherwise . That 's the secret to his success . Of course , some of what he reports is solid stuff . But there is space to fill daily . So , somewhat like a National Enquirer reporter who dreams up his day 's "  scoop " while showering , Drudge teases his readers with innuendo and fluff . So often , it 's hard to tell the difference between fluff and fact . Maybe Drudge is more entertainer than reporter . I imagine he enjoys baiting the mainstream media , then watching it look foolish when his story is debunked . Take , for example , his tweet about Hillary Clinton , which caused something of a media firestorm . People Magazine did a story on Clinton , and the photographer taking the picture for the front cover asked Clinton to stand by a lawn chair , grab the top , and lean into the camera . Only the top part of the chair showed after the picture was cropped for publication . So Drudge tweeted the picture , asking , "  Is Clinton Holding a Walker ? " That was at 12:16 p.m. on June 4 . By "  coincidence , " 74 minutes later , at 1:30 p.m. , The Wall Street Journal 's political division tweeted : "  Is that a walker ? Hillary Clinton 's latest magazine cover is raising eyebrows . " That may be a record time from right-wing hype-and-blarney to validation from a major publication . Drudge 's tweet fits in with Karl Rove 's orchestrated charge in mid-May that maybe Hillary Clinton was "  brain damaged " because of a fall she suffered . The idea was to portray her as physically unfit to be president and save the right a billion or two of negative advertising in 2016 . But it was n't true . Since her recovery , we 've witnessed a vigorous Hillary Clinton . Other pictures in that same issue of People show her animated , smiling and even combative . Apparently , though Drudge  and perhaps The Wall Street Journal , which had no problem accepting his "  con "  wanted to turn Rove 's "  will it stick to the wall " into a meme . How long will the media let this tweetle-dumb linger ? Russian President Vladimir Putin also took a pot shot at Clinton , calling her "  a weak woman . " "  It 's better not to argue with women , " Putin said , "  but Mrs. Clinton has never been too graceful in her statements . " Referring to Clinton 's comparison of his aggressive actions in the Ukraine to Hitler 's with Poland , Putin ironically said , "  When people push boundaries too far , it 's not because they are strong but because they are weak . " Then Putin delivered his zinger : "  But maybe weakness is not the worst quality for a woman . " Well . It 's one thing to take on a world leader like Hillary Clinton , but an altogether different matter to offend half the planet while doing it . His "  It 's better not to argue with women , " clearly shows Putin learned from his domestic encounters . Putin is a home-grown Russian social conservative . He considers the West degenerate for granting human rights to women and gays . If he had been born an American , he and the Robertsons of Duck Dynasty fame would likely be at one another 's backyard barbecues . I ca n't help but wonder if Putin would consider the following statements from Clinton as strength if a male had said them : Referring to George W. Bush 's "  I looked into his soul , " Clinton said , "  I could have told  Bush  he was a KGB agent ; by definition he does n't have a soul . " Politico ran the quote with the observation , "  This is n't going to play well in Moscow . " Now we know it did n't . Being weak is not a Clinton hallmark ; some Obama supporters cautioned him to hire a food-taster if Clinton joined his Cabinet . Perhaps Putin considers referring to Russia as "  despicable " for vetoing U.N. sanctions against Syria , and calling his election possibly fraudulent being "  weak . " Or maybe he needs a dictionary . We can expect a lot more to be said about Hillary Clinton , since her memoir , "  Hard Choices , " is coming out . I 'm sure it will reflect her strengths , and weaknesses . I 'm sure that on some issues it will provide clarification , and on others , controversy . And , unfortunately , I 'm also sure some in the media will be right there with some tweetle-dumb about it . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile chastises the wave of politically driven attacks that seem just for sport Hillary Clinton , she argues , is the current target of those "  silly " attacks from Drudge and others To paraphrase Henry Kissinger : "  In Washington , someone is always out to get you . "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A federal judge on Tuesday set aside the conviction of Republican former Sen. Ted Stevens while excoriating the case 's prosecutors . A courtroom sketch shows ex - Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens at Tuesday proceedings , where he said he had "  new hope . " District Judge Emmet Sullivan also appointed an independent , nongovernment attorney , Henry Schuelke III , to investigate possible misconduct by the government lawyers who prosecuted the 85-year-old former senator from Alaska . "  In nearly 25 years on the bench , I 've never seen anything approaching the mishandling and misconduct that I 've seen in this case , " Sullivan said . In October , Stevens was found guilty of seven counts of lying on Senate ethics forms . He lost his bid for re-election in November to Democratic challenger Mark Begich , then mayor of Anchorage . In December , an unnamed FBI whistle-blower accused prosecutors of withholding evidence from the defense . The whistle-blower reported that someone with the government had an inappropriate relationship with Bill Allen , an oil industry executive who was the government 's key witness . In a dismissal motion filed Wednesday , the Justice Department acknowledged that Stevens was not given access to the notes taken by prosecutors during an April 2008 interview with Allen . The notes show that responses by Allen were inconsistent with testimony he gave against Stevens and that information from the interview could have benefited Stevens at trial , according to the motion . "  When we were finally given -LSB- the notes -RSB- , you might have thought my reaction would be to celebrate , do high-fives , that we were right , " Brendan Sullivan , an attorney for Stevens , said Tuesday . "  It was not like that at all . I was sick to my stomach . How could they do that ? Then my revulsion turned to rage , silent rage for a number of days . " The revelation also helped prompt Attorney General Eric Holder to drop the case . "  In light of this conclusion , and in consideration of the totality of the circumstances of this particular case , I have determined that it is in the interest of justice to dismiss the indictment and not proceed with a new trial , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement last week . "  If I were Sen. -LSB- Robert -RSB- Byrd , I 'd say ` hallelujah , ' " a triumphant Stevens said after leaving the courthouse Tuesday . Stevens maintained his innocence throughout a government investigation that led to an indictment and conviction for failing to disclose hundreds of thousands of dollars of "  freebies " from an oilfield services company on Senate ethics forms . In a statement read to the court Tuesday , Stevens said that his faith in the justice system had been restored . "  Until recently , my faith in the criminal justice system was unwavering . But what some members of this prosecution team did nearly destroyed my faith . Their conduct has consequences they must know can never be reversed , " he said . "  But -LSB- I now have -RSB- new hope that others may be spared from similar miscarriages of justice . " Stevens added that he would "  encourage the enactment of legislation to reform laws relating to the responsibilities and duties of those entrusted with the solemn task of enforcing federal criminal laws . " Paul O'Brien , one of the new government attorneys assigned to the case , made no attempt to the justify the conduct of the previous prosecution team . "  We deeply regret this occurred , " he said . "  We apologize to the court . " In issuing his ruling , Sullivan noted the Justice Department 's investigation into potential misconduct by government prosecutors had gone on for six months with no result . "  The silence is deafening , " Sullivan said . See what the reversal means for the Justice Department " The judge previously had excoriated prosecutors during the trial and held the prosecution in contempt at one point . One of Stevens ' longtime friends , Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah , said last weekend that Stevens was "  screwed by our own Justice Department . " Hatch praised Holder for "  standing up and fixing this foul situation . " "  I think he 's more than shown integrity and decency in this matter , and it 's not an easy thing for him to do that , " Hatch said . "  He has , in looking at it , realized now what people like myself have been saying is 100 percent right . " In the days that followed the Justice Department 's dismissal motion , Alaska state Republican leaders , including Gov. Sarah Palin , called on Begich to step down and allow a rematch without what has been called the "  taint " of a criminal case against Stevens . "  There 's no way -LSB- Stevens -RSB- can just ` put this behind him ' as some have suggested he should , " Palin said in a statement released Tuesday . Begich , while indicating his support for a special prosecutor to investigate the botched prosecution , stated that he intends to serve his six-year term . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report	NEW : "  Highly qualified " attorney to conduct inquiry into prosecutorial misconduct District Judge Emmet Sullivan says 6-month case unfruitful : "  Silence is deafening " Stevens says he hopes "  others may be spared from similar miscarriages of justice "
CNN Student News  -- September 18 , 2014 This Thursday , we 're opening up the dictionary , defining terms like ethical hacking , sustainability and siphonophore . You 'll hear about a debate concerning U.S. troops in Iraq and the costs of fighting the ISIS terrorist group . And you 'll learn a random fact about mosquitoes that 's sure to generate some buzz . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Daniel Radcliffe and Dane DeHaan attempted to shoot a street scene in Brooklyn for the indie film "  Kill Your Darlings " when they realized that the area they were using was right across from an elementary school . It was recess time . Tons of little kids eager for a boy-wizard sighting started lining up across the fence and yelling at Radcliffe . The actor formerly known as Harry Potter obliged . "  He said something like , ` Hey , it 's really good to meet you guys , but we 're making a movie over here and we 're playing pretend , so I need you all to be quiet for a second so we can do this , ' " DeHaan told CNN . "  And they all hushed down , and we got to do the take . It was just kind of a magical moment with all these kids , ` OK , we 'll be quiet during our recess so you can do this . ' " It 's moments like this where Radcliffe weighs the pluses and minuses of his Harry Potter fame . "  Not enough people recognize that there are really good ways which it hangs over you , " the actor said . "  People want to see Potter as a bad thing , and actually , it 's not . "  If you manage it in the wrong way , I 'm sure it could turn into a hindrance . But if you take the right attitude , then it could be the most amazing platform for a career that anybody could ever wish for , so I 'm just going to try to capitalize on that if I can . " The eighth and final film of the series , "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 , " came out over two years ago , but even before then , Radcliffe started taking roles that he called "  slightly off the beaten path . " He played the lead in "  Equus " in the West End and on Broadway -- with full-frontal nudity . He returned to Broadway in "  How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying " -- singing and dancing . He did a horror film , "  The Woman in Black , " where he portrayed an older man . And at the Toronto Film Festival , he was hard at work promoting three new films , including "  Kill Your Darlings , " about the early days of the Beat poets and a murder case that united them . In all three of those films , Radcliffe had nude scenes , which served notice of his maturity , sparking stories about how he 's all grown up now . A brief history of young adult literature This , he noted , is something that keeps recurring whenever he , Emma Watson or Rupert Grint do anything adult . "  I see photos in ` The Daily Mail , ' photos of Emma in a photo shoot , and it says , ` She 's a far cry from Hermione as she shows she 's all grown up now ! ' She 's a 24-year-old woman ! You wonder how long people can legitimately write that . Basically , we all just have to look old and haggard , but then they 'll just write , ` Oh , what happened to Harry ? Where did he go ? ' You ca n't win . " As for his own "  growing up " stories , "  I 'm aware that it 's something people talk about a lot , " Radcliffe said . "  I was having this conversation with Juno Temple  his co-star in the forthcoming "  Horns "  , because you do a couple of these nude scenes , and you get labeled an exhibitionist , which is n't really fair , because you 're just doing what 's in the script . I 've done it three times now  on film  , so it 's not like it 's really a big deal anymore . " Just to curb the enthusiasm over his nude scenes , Radcliffe nixed one for the second season of his TV show , "  A Young Doctor 's Notebook , " in which he plays the younger version of Jon Hamm 's character . "  I 'd already done nude scenes in the first season , in the bath and a couple of other moments , " Radcliffe said , "  but there was this one scene in the second season where somebody breaks into my bedroom at night and starts intimidating me . At one point , they were trying to make the young doctor more vulnerable , and they said , ` Would you do it naked ? ' " Initially , Radcliffe said yes , because he likes to give writers and directors what they want , but then he had second thoughts , since the nudity was n't in the script . "  I said , ` Guys , if it 's not key to the scene , I do n't think I should , ' " he said . "  It was one of those moments where I felt I could say that . ` Is it absolutely key for the young doctor in this scene ? ' " In that case , no . But for a later gay sex scene with another partner in "  Kill Your Darlings , " yes . A little more innocent is his kissing scene with DeHaan in that film , which they hope wins Best Kiss at the MTV Movie Awards . "  It 's a pretty great kiss , " DeHaan said . "  It 's about a person who 's really in love with another person , and they are n't allowed to . They do n't feel comfortable expressing how they feel about each other . This is the one moment where they let their guards down and finally get to embrace their love for the other person . " At the crux of the film , Allen Ginsberg  played by Radcliffe  falls for Lucien Carr  played by DeHaan  , who is attempting to discard past lover -- or stalker , depending on your interpretation -- David Kammerer  played by Dexter 's Michael C. Hall  . When Carr eventually kills Kammerer  "  I got to kill Dexter ! " DeHaan laughed  , his defense is that he was n't gay . "  Homosexuality was criminalized at the time , " DeHaan said , "  and it was almost like , if you felt you were being pursued in a way you did n't want to be pursued , and if you killed him in self-defense , then you could pretty much get away with murder . " Before the killing , Carr had enlisted Ginsberg to create a sort of manifesto , and it 's out of this relationship that the writer in him is born . "  I think most creative people like Allen basically veer between ambition and anxiety , between self-doubt and confidence , " Radcliffe said . "  I definitely can relate to that , even if I do n't have the extremes of confidence he has . He was calling himself a genius in his diary , at the age 14 ! I would never have said that about myself , even to myself . But we all go through that , ` Am I doing the right thing ? Is this what I meant to be doing ? ' Hopefully in less extreme ways and not under the magnifying glass of a murder investigation . " Radcliffe 's own crisis of conscience came when he wondered if he 'd be able to continue to grow as an actor . "  I felt like I had been learning a lot through ` Harry Potter , ' and then it sort of plateaued at the end , " he said . But now he feels he 's proving to himself and everyone else that he 's right where he belongs , making the kinds of "  weird , quirky " projects that he enjoys , learns from and perhaps could n't have been made without his participation . On top of all that , he actually gets to make new friends .  He 'd like to set up a competitive Scrabble game between Hamm and DeHaan , "  which would be pretty awesome "  . "  There 's no pressure to do a big franchise or a big blockbuster , " Radcliffe said . "  But if I said to you now that I do n't want to do any action movies , tomorrow I 'll get the best action script I 've ever read . But I 'm not going to be jumping into any young adult fantasy series anytime soon , obviously ! " "  Kill Your Darlings " opens in New York and Los Angeles on Wednesday .	Daniel Radcliffe stars as beat poet Allen Ginsberg in "  Kill Your Darlings " Radcliffe has appeared nude for a role before and has a gay sex scene in the new film The actor says there are pros and cons to "  Harry Potter " fame
The Senate on Tuesday unanimously confirmed Robert McDonald , a former corporate CEO and an ex-Army officer , as the next Veterans Affairs secretary . He replaces Eric Shinseki , who resigned in May amid an unfolding scandal at VA medical facilities . The vote was 97 to 0 . McDonald takes over a massive bureaucracy with more than 300,000 full-time employees still reeling from allegations of delayed care and alarming mismanagement at major medical facilities . Investigations continue and Congress appears ready to approve legislation this week authorizing new money and other steps to address cultural and managerial shortcomings at the Veterans Affairs Department . McDonald also has promised to take "  immediate actions " in his first 90 days to reform the troubled agency . Who is Bob McDonald ? Congress comes up with a deal on veterans Gingrich Opinion : We owe our veterans real change	McDonald takes over for Eric Shinseki , who resigned in May amid scandal He is a former corporate CEO and an ex-Army officer who went to West Point McDonald assumes the post with the VA reeling over alarming shortcomings in care
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An American held in Pakistan who said he was looking for Osama bin Laden is "  like a bulldog " who would n't let go of the idea of finding the fugitive al Qaeda leader , his brother said Tuesday . "  My brother is not crazy . He is highly intelligent and loves his country and he has not forgotten what Osama has done to this country , " Scott Faulkner , brother of Gary Brooks Faulkner , told CNN . "  Osama had made some references to our God , the God of the Bible , in a poor light , and the fact that he was taunting America and getting away with killing thousands of Americans , my brother took that very personally , " he said . Gary Faulkner , 50 , is being held in Pakistan after being stopped near the border with Afghanistan 's Nuristan province , Pakistani police announced Tuesday . He was carrying a pistol , a sword , night-vision equipment and Christian religious books , said Mumtaz Ahmed , a police chief in the area . He told police that he had been looking for bin Laden since al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington and had traveled to the area several times before , Ahmed said . A reward of up to $ 25 million is currently being offered by the U.S. State Department in return for information leading directly to bin Laden 's arrest . Faulkner said he had no intention of killing bin Laden , but because of the weapons he was carrying , police did not believe him , Ahmed said . Faulkner is a California-born independent contractor who has lived in Colorado since 1968 , his brother said . Colorado Bureau of Investigation records show that a Gary Brooks Faulkner has a lengthy criminal record of minor offenses that dates to the early 1980s . He served jail time on three separate occasions for various charges that included second-degree burglary , and was arrested as recently as 2006 for a traffic violation . More recently , Scott Faulkner said , his brother felt the U.S. government was not doing enough to bring bin Laden to justice , "  and he felt that he was , as a Christian , not afraid -- that he could boldly step out and that doors would be opened for him . " "  And I agree with him , " Scott Faulkner said . "  The fact that he 's been over there six times and has not received a scratch tells me that somebody 's looking after him . " Scott Faulkner said his brother "  could blend in with the local population and go places that our military can not go . " "  We have relationships with the Pakistani government : ` OK . You can go in this region or you ca n't go in that region , ' whereas my brother could go about willy-nilly , " he said . "  He had a long beard . He looked like Taliban . When he wore his robe , he looked like Taliban . The only way you could tell he was not was when he spoke . " U.S. Embassy Spokesman Richard Snelsire did not confirm that Faulkner was in Pakistani custody , but said the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar did receive notification that an American citizen was detained . Snelsire said they were trying to get more details . "  We 're hoping to get consular access to the individual , " Snelsire said . In Washington , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the Pakistanis informed the U.S. government about the arrest , but he could n't discuss details . "  We want to talk to him , figure out who he is , what brought him to Pakistan , and we 'll take it from there , " Crowley said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Samson Desta and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	NEW : Gary Faulkner jailed on three occasions in Colorado , records show Faulkner "  is not crazy , " his brother says , but loves his country He was bothered by bin Laden 's "  taunting , " his brother says Suspect carried pistol , sword , Christian books , police in Pakistan say
Washington  CNN  -- The calendar reads April 2014 , but in some ways it feels like it 's April 2015 , when the next race for the White House will be in full swing . And the early moves in the presidential campaign -- at least on the Republican side -- seem to be starting a lot earlier than they did last time . Friday evening Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee , headlines a GOP Lincoln Dinner in Cedar Rapids , Iowa . The same night Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky holds a rally in Dover , New Hampshire . The next day Paul , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , and former Arkansas Gov. MIke Huckabee , a 2008 Republican presidential candidate , all speak at a major conservative conference in Manchester . A few days later , Cruz and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , a 2012 GOP presidential candidate , make the rounds in South Carolina . What do all these guys have in common ? They 're all contemplating bids for the White House in 2016 . And what do the locations they 're visiting have in common ? They 're all crucial early voting states in the presidential primary and caucus calendar , with Iowa kicking off the voting , New Hampshire holding the first primary , and South Carolina the first southern state to vote . "  There is some sense that the action is starting earlier than four years ago . In part , it 's because this is the most wide open field on the GOP side in a generation , " veteran New Hampshire Republican strategist Jim Merrill said . "  There 's a sense that no one has a leg up . Because of that , everyone of the potential presidential candidates is trying to establish themselves and make their case in New Hampshire and elsewhere as early as possible , added Merrill , who was a top adviser to Mitt Romney in the Granite State in his 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns . Trips to early voting states Talk about early . According to an informal CNN count , Paul and Cruz have already each made seven trips to the three early voting states since the start of 2013 . Add in the five trips Santorum has made , the four trips each that Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal have made , along with the three that Huckabee has done and that two that Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has made , and you 've had one busy campaign calendar the past 16 months . "  Campaigns for president are no longer 12 month campaigns , they are now three or four year-long campaigns , especially for people who have to raise small donations , who ca n't write their own large checks . They have to start working these things early , " longtime GOP strategist John Brabender , a senior adviser to Santorum , told CNN . While it 's tradition that potential White House hopefuls make swings through the early voting states well before the midterm elections to reach out to voters , court local politicians , help raise money for local parties , campaign for fellow Republicans or Democrats , and start to reach out to donors and campaign strategists , the action started a lot earlier this cycle than it did in the last one . Most of the Republicans considering 2012 bids stayed out of the spotlight until after the 2010 midterms , and did n't formally announce their bids until the spring of 2011 , much later than when the candidates in the 2004 and 2008 cycles launched their campaigns . Iowa GOP strategist Tim Albrecht says a stronger field this time around may be behind the earlier start . "  The level of top-tier candidates in 2016 far outpaces the carnival of contenders we saw in 2012 . This year , the top tier has a much wider shelf , and a number of qualified governors and senators to sit atop it , " said Albrecht , who served as a top adviser to longtime Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad . What you are seeing is a qualified crop of candidates who understand they will have to earn every vote this year , " added Albrecht . "  Better candidates equals better run and earlier campaigns and that 's what we 're seeing this year . " The Romney and Obama factors Even though Romney 's not running again , he might have something to do with the earlier start this time around . "  Romney was seen as the presumptive frontrunner four years ago . He set the pace and he penned the field up for a while , " Merrill said . "  There 's no heir apparent this time around . " Albrecht agreed : "  In 2012 , Mitt Romney singularly owned the top tier and any votes he did n't get were largely protest votes . If you look at  Michele  Bachmann , Santorum ,  Herman  Cain ,  Newt  Gingrich , etc. last election , nobody conceivably thought they could be president , but they largely ended up as a protest vote . " Another factor : President Barack Obama 's approval ratings were hovering around 50 % at this point in the 2012 cycle . Now he 's a term-limited president with approval ratings in the low to mid 40s . "  Given the discontent with the current administration , disappointment with Obamacare , and distrust of Democratic leadership , voters are looking for a strong conservative leader to restore confidence in our economy and government , " said Alice Stewart , a Republican strategist and radio talk show host who worked as a senior adviser for Huckabee in 2008 and for Santorum and Bachmann in 2012 . Where are the Democrats ? While the potential GOP presidential contenders criss-cross the campaign trail , the Democrats remain on the sidelines . Vice President Joe Biden gives the commencement address next month at the University of South Carolina , which will be his third trip to the Palmetto State in the past year . He 's was in New Hampshire last month on an official White House visit on jobs and the economy . And last September , he headlined Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin 's annual Steak Fry . And Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , another potential candidate , has swung through South Carolina and New Hampshire . But the traffic comes no where close to matching the miles the Republicans have logged . Obama is one reason . With a Democratic incumbent in the White House , 2016 party hopefuls have to carry a lighter footprint than their GOP counterparts . HIllary freezes the field Another obvious reason : Hillary Clinton . The former secretary of state says she 'll decide by the end of the year whether she makes another run for the White House , and if she does launch a bid , she 'll instantly become the overwhelming frontrunner for the Democratic nomination . "  I do think Hillary freezes the field in a way no non-incumbent ever has . Even Al Gore had an impressive primary opponent in Bill Bradley . Nothing tall grows in the shade , and Hillary casts a mighty big shadow , " said Paul Begala , a CNN contributor and longtime adviser to both Bill and Hillary Clinton , who 's also an adviser to Priorities USA , the super PAC set up to support Obama 's 2012 re-election that 's now raising money for a potential Hillary Clinton campaign . Democratic strategist Ben LaBolt said the vast difference in activity says a lot about the state of the race . "  The heavy campaign activity on the Republican side matches the level of uncertainty in the field -- we have n't seen such doubt about the presumptive nominee in several election cycles . On the Democratic side , that seems to be flipped , usually there is a lot of uncertainty leading to a crowded primary season , but whether it 's Clinton or Biden , you 've got widely known candidates who could scale up a robust campaign effort whenever they decide , " added LaBolt , who worked for Obama from his Senate years through the 2012 campaign .	Republicans seem to be getting things going already Candidates making trips to early voting states Joe Biden and Martin O'Malley traveling around , but where are all the other Democrats ? Hillary Clinton freezing the field as the leader in polls among possible candidates
The All Blacks and their fans are clear on one thing , says Dan Carter : the goal is to make history and become the first rugby nation to win back-to-back World Cups . For many players , such lofty expectations could threaten to derail the whole mission . Not so Carter , who is one of the game 's true superstars . "  I absolutely love the pressure that not only the media and the public put on us , but also the pressure that we put on ourselves as a team , " the world 's all-time leading point-scorer told CNN . On an ambassadorial visit to London , the New Zealander is taking a six-month break from the game as he seeks to revive his battered body for next year 's title defense in England and Wales . Next October 's final will be at Twickenham , the headquarters of English rugby -- a place where the 32-year-old has endured both highs and lows in his career . Winning in London Heading abroad to another World Cup where the All Black are certain favorites -- following their steamrollering 14-game perfect year in 2013 -- Carter has every reason to be optimistic . But any All Blacks fan knows better , having watched mystified as similarly all-conquering teams have failed to capture the trophy except for the two occasions the tournament has taken place on home turf -- and they had an agonizing 24-year gap between those successes . Carter knows there are a host of teams now hoping to seize on any sign of All Black weakness : he lists his old Tri-Nations rivals Australia and South Africa , plus England , Ireland , Wales , and even Fiji as teams that could cause an upset . But , he says , the year ahead is about being ready for the challenge . "  We had a great couple of years and the hype is starting to build in New Zealand -- especially as a player -- about the World Cup so it 's going to be a challenging year in 2014 . " Lifting the cup Carter had the bittersweet pleasure of watching the All Blacks ' triumph in Auckland in 2011 while sitting in the stand , having missed the majority of the tournament with a groin injury . Stephen Donald , who kicked what was ultimately the winning penalty against France , was called up to the squad for the final due to injuries suffered by Carter 's replacements . "  I 've been part of the squad that 's won the World Cup before so , you know , that 's a huge achievement , " Carter says , diplomatically . This time he 's hoping to get the jump on the injury problems , taking a sabbatical from the game after his most recent Achilles strain ahead of the international program , with the All Blacks ' southern-hemisphere Rugby Championship title defense starting in August . "  Physically and mentally , I 'm in a great space , " he says . Fighting ghosts That Achilles injury came on the occasion of his 100th international cap -- a tense showdown with England at Twickenham in November 2013 , where the All Blacks came out on top 30-22 . What should have been a milestone celebration for the No. 10 ended as he hobbled off the pitch with just 25 minutes played . A year prior , at the same venue , England shocked New Zealand 38-21 to end the Kiwis ' 20-match unbeaten run . It was England 's first win over the All Blacks at the "  Cabbage Patch " since 2002 -- and Carter has plenty of previous better memories of the hallowed venue . "  I love playing at Twickenham . It 's one of my favorite stadiums , " he said . "  It 's a real rugby environment , rugby culture is everything to do with Twickenham . "  You know -- I 've had some great success there . Lost one game there a couple of years ago but apart from that I 've had a lot of success at Twickenham . " Playing on Carter is delighted that when he finally vacates the No. 10 shirt for good , there will be a stream of worthy successors . "  The beauty is , there 's a lot of depth in my position and with the injuries that I 've had in the last couple of years it 's given the opportunity for a lot of young guys coming through , " he said . "  There 's Aaron Cruden , Beauden Barrett , Tom Taylor that have all had roles in the last year or two and every time they 've had the opportunity , they 've played extremely well . " But do n't start looking for replacements just yet : Carter , who has scored 1,440 points for the All Blacks , says he 'd love to keep playing for another four or five years "  at least . " After the World Cup , he 'll consider his future . It could mean a return to Europe , where he spent an injury-shortened spell with French club Perpignan in 2008-09 -- or even a move to Japan . Until 2015 he 'll be staying in New Zealand , and preparing for the challenge to come . "  The pinnacle of any rugby player is to reach those heights but to do it away from home , two tournaments in a row would be something pretty special , " Carter said . "  I 'll be working as hard as I can to try and be there if the All Blacks can reach that milestone . "	All Blacks seeking to make history at 2015 World Cup in England Star flyhalf Dan Carter missed most of 2011 tournament with injury Rugby 's world champions recorded 14-game perfect year in 2013 Carter is the sport 's all-time leading international points-scorer
CNN  -- When leaders get into trouble these days , they often complain that they have too little power to be effective . Yet as debate rages about the NFL 's handling of player discipline , the problem for NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell is just the opposite : He seems to have too much power . While fans continue to flock to games , Goodell and league owners must know that the NFL and its gold-plated brand are in increasing trouble . A poll by the YouGov BrandIndex released this weekend shows that fan scores reflecting positive perceptions of the NFL have plummeted from a yearlong high of 36 to a low of -17 . The 53-point decline happened over the four days last week when Goodell struggled to navigate the league through scathing headlines over its handling of evidence that Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice attacked his then-fiancee in an elevator . What Goodell and the team owners apparently fail to recognize is that the NFL is also a big , important business that should be run like a first-class company and is not . The NFL has a brand that is worth $ 9 billion in annual revenue ; if it were an ordinary company , it would rank about 300th on the Fortune 500 . Goodell 's job is as complex as that of any CEO running a Fortune 500 company , but most of those companies do n't handle their human resource issues the way the NFL does . Nearly every big company has to address vexing questions of how to treat employees who get into trouble by violating standards of decency or by violating the law . Outrageous assaults on women and children are not limited to pro football  though they occur there far too often  . What CEOs do in those companies is to insist upfront on high standards of behavior -- but , importantly , they also set up credible , independent individuals or committees to investigate and to mete out punishment . Their intention is to keep the administration of corporate justice as fair and as consistent as possible , trying to protect the integrity of the company 's reputation while also trying to avoid favoritism or cronyism in the way its employees are treated . CEOs purposely stay out of the middle of individual disputes . But the NFL has structured Goodell 's job entirely differently . He has supreme , sweeping power over the organization , players and their behavior . He in effect is appointed the judge and the jury in individual cases , even as he keeps one eye over his shoulder at the owners . For some months now , he has been seen as too harsh , and now he is being seen as too lenient , especially in the way he has twisted and squirmed over the Rice case . Goodell and the owners should figure out how to restructure the commissioner 's job -- or soon , he may lose it , and the league 's brand will be even more tarnished . The league needs to take a step back and consider that . Not only to protect the credibility of the commissioner 's office , but more important , to maintain the value of the NFL brand with fans . A good first step on the road to better practices would be to change some NFL rules , starting with the one that gives the commissioner latitude to react with widely varying responses to player domestic violence arrests and convictions . Compared with Rice , three players accused of domestic violence -- A.J. Jefferson , Dez Bryant and Rod Smith -- received very different treatment from the commissioner 's office , ranging from a lifted four-game suspension to no suspension at all and a $ 25,000 fine . In all three cases , the players continued to play for NFL teams -- a very different outcome from what Rice is facing . Fans may now have a hard time believing any NFL commissioner can be reliably out in front of setting constructive league standards . Most $ 9 billion companies have an independent employee review and disciplinary system with oversight from departments separate from the CEO 's office , like Human Resources , Legal or Compliance . GE , for example , outlines its system in its "  The Spirit & The Letter " code of conduct : Assign a team of experts , conduct an investigation of all the facts , recommend corrective actions to the appropriate managers for implementation , and provide feedback to the person who raised the concern . That 's it . The code is clear and does not call for the CEO to be involved in approving corrective actions . Not so in the NFL , it seems . The NFL Player Code is general on the question of process  "  the League may initiate an investigation "  and does not identify who investigates and recommends corrective action . According to press reports , it 's not clear who at the NFL was responsible for investigating the Rice affair . But decision-making power is clear and unilateral : "  T  he Commissioner will have full authority to impose discipline as warranted . " The independent review and discipline group should also have the responsibility and expertise for talking to the press and fans . This would increase credibility with fans and help the league avoid the escalating , and destructive , tit-for-tat accusations we 're witnessing right now . It could be a model for other sports leagues including the NBA , MLB and NHL . Over the past two decades , prevention has become the focus of employee conduct , health and wellness . Goodell controls , but has not deployed , the league resources that could help prevent criminal player behavior in the first place . While NFL player arrests peaked in the mid-2000s , most organizations would not sit back and accept that one in 40 of their employees is arrested each year -- mostly for DUI incidents . Corporate prevention programs also mitigate on-the-job injuries . One can only guess if as many players would have suffered , or if the NFL would have faced a $ 950 million payout to players earlier this year , if player training to avoid concussions had been sponsored by the league . Enshrined in the NFL Code of Conduct is a call to higher standards : "  While criminal activity is clearly outside the scope of permissible conduct , and persons who engage in criminal activity will be subject to discipline , the standard of conduct for persons employed in the NFL is considerably higher . It is not enough simply to avoid being found guilty of a crime . Instead , as an employee of the NFL or a member club , you are held to a higher standard and expected to conduct yourself in a way that is responsible , promotes the values upon which the League is based , and is lawful . " Great organizations do create standards , partly by standing behind their brand and company values in all kinds of public ways . If he believes in holding the NFL to a higher standard , perhaps Goodell should be looking at starting the NFL Foundation to Prevent Domestic Violence . It would not only be a smart move to leverage a fan base that includes 55 % men and 45 % women , but a tangible example of the higher level of conduct the league aspires to . The NFL owns a treasured brand , beloved by many Americans , that is the gold standard for world-class sports entertainment . For Goodell , the time has clearly come to use big-league management practices to run the show .	Ray Rice case and others raise questions about NFL player discipline Martha Pease : The NFL puts too much power in the hands of its commissioner She says league would be better served by having other staff make these calls Pease : NFL should look to the way major corporations handle employee wrongdoing
"  Alaska has an epidemic , " Gov. Sean Parnell told me . It 's not bear attacks or deadly roads . It 's rape and violence against women . Reported rape is more common in Alaska than any other state , according to 2012 FBI crime estimates . The per capita rate is about three times the national average . In America 's "  Last Frontier " state , nearly 80 incidences of rape are reported per 100,000 people , the data show . Nationally , the rate is 27 per 100,000 . The rapist next door I recently spent more than two weeks in Alaska reporting on the state 's high rape rate . You voted for me to cover this topic as part of CNN 's Change the List project . Below , I 'll leave you with the full list of states . Rape is least frequent  or is least frequently reported  in New Jersey . The state with the second-highest rate of reported rape , behind Alaska , is South Dakota , with a rate of 70 per 100,000 . The lawless ` end of the land ' The FBI cautions against comparing crime rates across states without considering factors like demographics , climate , culture , economics and law enforcement capabilities . And rape is notoriously underreported nationwide , so take these numbers as estimates . The FBI only counts reported incidents of rape . 5 ways to help end rape in Alaska But Alaska ca n't use those caveats as an excuse . A 2010 survey shows 59 % of adult women in Alaska experience intimate partner violence , including threats , and/or sexual assault . And 37 % suffer from rape or sexual violence . So , with that in mind , here 's the list of states and Washington , D.C. , starting with those where rape is least frequently reported -- and ending with Alaska . Alaska faces its ` resident evil ' Rates are the number of reported forcible rapes per 100,000 people . 1 . New Jersey - 11.7 2 . New York - 14.6 3 . Virginia - 17.7 4 . Vermont - 19.3 5 . North Carolina - 20.3 6 . Hawaii - 20.5 7 . California - 20.6 8 . Maryland - 21 9 . Wisconsin - 21.3 10 . Georgia - 21.4 11 . West Virginia - 22.7 12 . Massachusetts - 24.7 13 . Missouri - 25.1 14 . Louisiana - 25.2 15 . Indiana - 25.5 16 . Connecticut - 25.6 17 . Pennsylvania - 26.1 18 . Delaware - 26.5 19 . Wyoming - 26.7 20 . Alabama - 26.9 21 . Florida - 27.2 22 . Rhode Island - 27.4 23 . Mississippi - 27.5 24 . Illinois - 27.7 25 . Maine - 28 26 . Iowa - 28.3 27 . Kentucky - 29 28 . Oregon - 29.2 29 . Texas - 29.6 30 . Idaho - 30 31 . Minnesota - 30.5 32 . Tennessee - 31.5 33 . Ohio - 31.7 34 . Washington - 31.8 35 . Utah - 33 36 . Nevada - 33.7 37 . New Hampshire - 34 38 . Arizona - 34.7 39 . South Carolina - 35.5 40 . Kansas - 36.5 41 . District of Columbia - 37.3 42 . Montana - 37.7 43 . Nebraska - 38.3 44 . North Dakota38 .9 45 . Colorado - 40.7 46 . Oklahoma - 41.6 47 . Arkansas - 42.3 48 . New Mexico - 45.9 49 . Michigan - 46.4 50 . South Dakota - 70.2 51 . Alaska - 79.7 What do you think about where your state ranks ? Let me know in the comments .	Alaska is estimated to have the highest rape rate in the country The 2012 FBI crime data measure reported incidents of rape Columnist John Sutter is covering rape in Alaska as part of Change the List Alaska 's rate is three times the national average ; New Jersey 's rate is lowest
