Coastal Living  -- The spirit of a mourning mother haunts Heceta Head , a 115-year-old lightstation on the windswept Oregon Coast . Some say the ghost , called The Gray Lady , searches for her infant daughter , who tumbled from the 200-foot cliffs to her death . Heceta Head sits on an isolated stretch of the windswept Oregon Coast . A visitor can get creeped out just by the setting -- an isolated stretch of shore where sudden fog can blot out the sun . Mariners braving the pounding surf depend on the lighthouse to avoid smashing into the rocks below . The beacon , the strongest on the Oregon Coast , is visible 21 miles away at sea . The Gray Lady , usually seen wearing a floor-length gray skirt , lurks in the attic of the lightkeeper 's home , which is on the National Register of Historic Places and now operates as a bed-and-breakfast . One worker saw the silver-haired ghost floating over the floorboards as he repaired a broken attic window . He fled , but the next day the shattered glass in the sealed room had been swept into a neat pile . Others report a mischievous side to the spirit . Lights flick on unexpectedly , doors suddenly lock , and objects placed in one room later appear in another . Coastal Living : Top 10 haunted lighthouses Photographer Steve Terrill of Portland recalls standing outside at dusk and seeing a translucent figure looking down on him from the attic . "  It moved and then it disappeared , " he says . "  We knew absolutely nobody was in there . I thought , ` Man this is weird . This must be my imagination . ' " Steve and a friend were the only ones staying in the building . The next morning his friend called out in alarm . During the night , the inn 's guestbook mysteriously appeared in his room . It was open to a page describing a previous lodger 's encounter with the spirit . "  I do n't know where that book came from , " Steve says . "  I 'm getting goosebumps now just thinking about it . " You , too , can see if the spirit moves you during a lighthouse tour . Or reserve a night at the B&B  rates from $ 133 ; 866/547 -3696 or hecetalighthouse.com  .	Heceta Head is said to be haunted by the spirit of a mourning mother The 115-year-old lightstation on the windswept Oregon Coast is open to visitors A B&B in the keeper 's house has rooms starting at $ 133
CNN  -- A body found in southeast Memphis , Tennessee , on Wednesday has been identified as that of former professional basketball player Lorenzen Wright , Memphis police said . The cause of death has been ruled as "  homicide by gunshot wound , " police said Thursday in a news release , adding that the Shelby County medical examiner used dental records to confirm Wright 's identity . "  Investigators continue to work around the clock to bring justice to Mr. Wright and his family , " the police department said in a statement . Before that confirmation , Wright 's family had already said that they were mourning his loss . Wright 's cousin , Camella Logan , had released a statement to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper saying , "  We appreciate your thoughts , prayers and condolences as they are comforting at this very difficult time . " Wright , who has a home in Atlanta , was reported missing on July 22 . He had been visiting with his former wife and their children in Collierville , near Memphis , investigators said . Wright was last seen at his former wife 's home shortly before midnight on July 18 , and a 911 call was placed from his phone in the early hours of July 19 , police said . His body was found on Wednesday by Shelby County Emergency Services Search and Rescue , police said . Dewayne Benton , a Christian radio personality in Memphis , said he left work early to investigate reports his station received about the body . Benton described the crowded crime scene as somber . "  Lorenzen Wright had a lot of financial problems ... but this was just horrible , " said Benton . "  He was one of the favorite sons of Memphis , " he added . The 6-foot-11-inch Wright was a high school basketball star in Memphis , and he played professionally for the NBA 's Memphis Grizzlies from 2001 through 2006 . "  We are deeply saddened by the tragic death of Lorenzen Wright , " the team 's majority owner , Michael Heisley , said in a statement on the Grizzlies ' website . "  We lost a member of the Grizzlies family . " During his 13-year professional basketball career Wright also played with the Los Angeles Clippers , Sacramento Kings and most recently with the Cleveland Cavaliers . Wright did two tours with the Atlanta Hawks as well , from 1999 to 2001 and from 2006 to 2008 . Former Hawks coach Lenny Wilkens said , "  Lorenzen was a real congenial young man who played with a lot of enthusiasm . This is certainly a huge loss for his family and friends . " "  Our thoughts and prayers are with -LSB- his family -RSB- during this difficult time , " said Hawks General Manager Rick Sund in a press statement released Thursday by the NBA team .	NEW : Police say the medical examiner used dental records to identify Lorenzen Wright 's body NEW : The cause of death was "  homicide by gunshot wound , " police say Family and friends mourn Wright 's death Police say they are working "  to bring justice " to Wright and his family
FBI agents interviewed one of the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings two years ago , but found no connection with terror groups . An FBI official said agents interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2011 at the request of the Russian government . "  The request stated that it was based on information that he was a follower of radical Islam and a strong believer , and that he had changed drastically since 2010 as he prepared to leave the United States for travel to the country 's region to join unspecified underground groups , " the FBI said in a statement . The FBI said it took a number of investigative steps to check on the request , including looking at his travel history , checking databases for derogatory information and searching for Web postings . Agents also interviewed Tsarnaev 's family members , the FBI said , but did not detect terrorist activity . Boston suspects : Immigrant dream to American nightmare "  The FBI did not find any terrorism activity , domestic or foreign , and those results were provided to the foreign government in the summer of 2011 , " the FBI 's statement said . "  The FBI requested but did not receive more specific or additional information from the foreign government . " U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said Friday that information that Tsarnaev had been interviewed by the FBI in the past was disturbing . "  It 's new information to me and it 's very disturbing that he 's on the FBI 's radar screen , " McCaul told CNN 's Erin Burnett . No immediate suggestion of accomplices in bombings McCaul praised the FBI 's efforts investigating the case since Monday 's bombings . "  But if he was on the radar and they let him out of their sights , then that 's an issue , certainly , for me , " McCaul said . The suspects ' parents told Russian state media that the FBI had been speaking with their sons . Analysis : Older suspect in bombings grew increasingly religious , analysis shows "  FBI came to them two or three times , asking ` Are you Chechens ? Is anyone harassing you ? ' Why would anyone offend us ? Then they came again . Said they wanted to talk to Tamerlan . We did n't know what was going on , did n't know whether he had done something . But they were saying , ` Oh , it 's nothing , it 's just routine . ' They talked to us at our home , " father Anzor Tsarnaev told the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . "  I heard myself that they  the FBI  said : ` We know that you read , what you drink , what you eat , where you go . ' And then they added that that 's routine practice to prevent bombings on the streets of Boston , so that our kids can go to school in peace . This conversation happened half a year ago . But I keep asking , why did they have to talk to him about that then ? " Mother Zubeidat Tsarnaeva told Russia Today that the FBI had been checking on Tamerlan for three to five years . "  They knew what he was doing , what sites he was visiting . They followed his every move , yet today they say this is a terrorist act , " she said . "  The FBI was afraid of my eldest son because he was a leader , could stand up for himself , and talked about Islam a lot . Once they officially called me and told me that they do n't doubt his decency . But at the same time they said he gets information from extremists ' sites and that they are very afraid of him . " Earlier Friday , a U.S. official familiar with the latest intelligence information on the Boston Marathon bombings said initial indications were that the two suspects do not have direct links to any major al Qaeda group or affiliates , or to a new significant terrorist threat to the United States . What their family has to say These are some early assessments but far from final conclusions , the official said . The assessments are part of a full interagency review now under way by the U.S. intelligence and law enforcement community , who are going back through their databases and information looking for any links to the two men . The intelligence review earlier Friday had focused to a large extent on regional militant connections the men have had in Russia or Central Asia . But the official also noted they simply may have been "  inspired " by a militant ideology or may simply have been disgruntled persons aiming to carry out an attack , and had no connections to foreign groups . "  We simply do n't know yet , " he said . The review was ordered by James Clapper , director of National Intelligence . Initially , before the men were identified by the FBI , the review was looking at any indications of a threat emerging from overseas against the United States . Once the identities of the men became known , with their possible ethnic Chechen background , the focus shifted . The intelligence community is tasked under the review with checking any intelligence gathered overseas while the FBI will focus on what is known inside the United States . GOP congressmen want answers on Boston suspect 's 2011 questioning	A foreign government told the FBI that Tamerlan Tsarnaev was a follower of radical Islam FBI : Agents interviewed him in 2011 at Russia 's request Ultimately , the FBI told the foreign government nothing was found McCaul : "  If he was on the radar , and they let him out of their sights , then that 's an issue "
CNN  -- Chelsea have closed the gap on leaders Manchester United at the top of the English Premier League after a John Terry header and a Frank Lampard double gave them a comfortable 3-1 win at Blackpool on Monday . Terry was left unmarked to nod home Lampard 's 20th minute corner to put the defending champions on their way to a second victory in a week -- following last Tuesday 's 2-1 home success over United . Blackpool were unlucky not to level before half-time when midfielder Jason Puncheon 's fierce low drive was tipped onto the post by goalkeeper Petr Cech . But Lampard doubled the advantage just past the hour mark when he converted from the penalty spot after substitute Salomon Kalou was tripped in the area by defender Ian Evatt . And the England midfielder was on hand again four minutes later when he slid the ball home after Kalou 's pass had split Blackpool 's defence wide open . But Blackpool continued to battle away and they scored a late consolation goal when Puncheon found the corner of the net after being set-up by James Beattie . The result means Chelsea stay in fourth place , nine points behind United although they do have a game in hand . However , Blackpool remain in relegation trouble and they lie in 15th place , just two points and three positions above the relegation zone . Meanwhile , in Spain 's Primera Liga , Deportivo La Coruna beat Real Sociedad 2-1 to improve their chance of avoiding relegation . Deportivo 's victory means they are up to 13th position , five points clear of the bottom three , while Sociedad are ninth and look clear of relegation danger .	Chelsea consolidate fourth place in Premier League after beating Blackpool 3-1 A Frank Lampard double and John Terry 's header gave the visitors three points The result moves Chelsea to within nine points of Manchester United at the top Blackpool remain in 15th place just two points above the relegation zone
CNN  -- California has long been a trendsetter . But on the issue of giving driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants , it fell behind other states . After what seems like forever , it is poised to become the 10th state , along with the District of Columbia , to make this concession . California is ready to jump on the driver 's license bandwagon after many years of setbacks , betrayals and disappointments for advocates of the cause . Sometimes , it feels like we have been talking about doing this in the Golden State since before the automobile was invented . In fact , while more than two dozen states have debated the issue in recent years , California was one of the first states to consider giving driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants . It could have set the trend , instead of letting nine states -- and the District of Columbia -- get ahead of it . Much of the credit for that early start belongs to persistent Democratic State Sen. Gil Cedillo who has , since 1998 , tried eight times to get bills passed in the legislature that would grant driving privileges to the undocumented . Over the years , Cedillo 's driver 's license bills have been vetoed by Republican and Democratic governors alike . As time went on , it became clear what kind of bill would be most likely to succeed -- one with some critical adjustments making clear that undocumented immigrants would be able to use the licenses only for driving and not for identification to obtain employment or board airplanes , or open bank accounts or obtain public benefits and other privileges . That was a game changer . Other states , such as Utah and North Carolina , also attached special language to driver 's license bills . Often , it was something like : "  Not for Identification . " And it was stamped right on the license . Fair enough . A lot of Americans do n't like the idea that undociumented immigrants could carry in their wallets a driver 's license identical to theirs . This solves that problem . So then Democratic Assemblyman Luis Alejo , with Cedillo 's blessing , introduced AB60 granting driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants provided the licenses have special language stamped on them stating that the ID is only good for driving and not for anything else . Last week , both houses of the California legislature approved the bill . And Gov. Jerry Brown issued a statement indicating he would sign it . About 2 million people in California are expected to qualify for driver 's licenses , if the bill becomes law . While some activists on the left complain that the language on the license amount to a "  scarlet letter " that will encourage profiling and discrimination , other advocates are more practical and realize that driver 's licenses of any kind are an important step that could make life much easier for a good many people . That 's why I support this bill . It will allow drivers to get auto insurance and make it less likely that they will flee the scene of an accident . It represents a fair compromise that gives undocumented immigrants what they need , without giving away the store and blurring the line between immigrants and natives . Lastly , the enthusiasm with which people are reacting to the law highlights what many of us have been saying for a while -- that , despite the nonsense you hear out of Washington , the undocumented would rather have a driver 's license so they can get to work than citizenship and the right to vote . This law will also cut down on abuse by making it harder for towns and cities to confiscate vehicles at increasingly popular driver 's license checkpoints . Municipalities currently make money on the towing fees , and , if the car is never picked up , on the sale of the vehicle at auction . In some places , we 're talking about several hundred cars per month . It generates lots of revenue for the localities , and wreaks havoc on the lives of hard-working people who are just trying to get from point A to point B to support their families . This is happening more often in California as local budgets go into the red . Just because people complain about undocumented immigrants does n't mean that they are n't eager to make money off them . It happens a little at a time , so the undocumented immigrants do n't feel the local officials ' hands in their pockets . This law could help put an end to it . Giving driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants -- with restricted use , "  scarlet letter " and all -- is an idea whose time has finally arrived . It just took California a little longer than usual to catch up to it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	California will soon provide driver 's license to illegal immigrants Ruben Navarrette : The Golden State is usually a trendsetter but fell behind on this issue He says giving driver 's licenses to illegal immigrants with restricted use benefits all Navarrette : The undocumented would rather have a driver 's license so they can work
CNN  -- The fight to save lives may no longer be the most stressful part of work for some Florida surgeons . Operation Room staff are being fitted with data-collecting RFID chips at the ` Sunshine State ' Celebration Health facility . The chips , embedded in regular ID badges , track their movements and time management , feeding into a central database . The Operation Room is a new frontier for a scheme that started in 2011 with the hospital 's nursing staff , and has been spreading ever since . Management have been encouraged by the results . "  There was nervousness at first about being tracked , " says Ashley Simmons , performance manager at the hospital . "  But over time as we showed it was not being used punitively , they adapted very quickly and got into their normal routines . " If the data is effective , those routines will be greatly improved . Based on the feedback received , Simmons says that staff have been located too far from each other and patients , and that the workplace environment is to be modified to improve communication . The figures are also helping to reconstitute shift patterns to best suit staff , who are given access to their performance data and provide input on what their ideal routine would be . The model can facilitate dramatic improvements in efficiency and transparency across the industry , Simmons believes : "  This gives us the ability to better manage our resources . For a value-based purchasing model , we need to better understand patients and staff to make the right decisions , which other industries have been doing for years . "  Hopefully we can get to a place where we are truly transparent with patients and their families -- where we can allow them to access data and track patients through the OR . " Celebration Health represents the cutting edge of the increasingly pervasive and diffuse field of workforce analytics . From efficiency gains to unmasking misconduct and promoting well-being , the incentives for employers are clear . It is increasingly common for firms to monitor their employees ' computers - down to the key stroke - and to rifle through their communications made using company equipment . Tools for monitoring active workers in the field are also developing . GPS tracking is now industry standard for long-haul truck drivers . Ostensibly for the purpose of productivity , and occasionally protection in the case of high-risk cargo , the satellite can paint a vivid picture of the subject 's life on the road . Wearable trackers , such as the hospital 's RFID tags , can provide even more detail . Major companies such as Amazon and Tesco have fitted their staff with devices that allow micro-analysis of their performance , and are also used to direct them . The reach of quantified health has extended into the workplace . In a pioneering initiative , Autodesk distributed Fitbit devices to provide health and activity feedback for their employees . The company says the benefit is in greater wellbeing for their staff , leading to improved performance , although it acknowledges the data will also save them money on insurance premiums . But if there are disturbing possibilities , the opportunities outweigh the risks , believes Ben Waber , founder of Sociometric Solutions , an offshoot of MIT 's Human Dynamics Lab , and a passionate evangelist for the benefits of workforce analytics . The start-up produces arguably the most advanced wearable trackers , including sensors for motion , sound , infra-red , that break down behaviour patterns into granular data . This is gathered on an opt-in basis and is made available to the employees themselves , while management have anonymized , aggregated data to guide improvements . "  You can see the top performers and change behaviour accordingly , to be happier and more productive , " says Waber . "  In a retail store , you might see that you spend 20 % of your time talking to customers , but the guy who makes the most commission spends 30 % . " The simple and consistent lessons from the data can have a transformative effect on company culture and practice , Waber believes . "  What 's fascinating is that in any industry the interaction between employees is the most important thing that happens at work ... The sort of feedback we 're giving is ` have lunch with a colleague you have n't met before ' or ` only eat lunch with people on your team ' . We relate outcomes to behavioural data , which shows the value of relationships between people . " A new paradigm for a worker-oriented "  village " may sound romantic , but Waber says this is backed up by hard results . "  In Bank of America call centers we have increased performance by 20 % and reduced turnover by 28 % . But it 's not just a case of saving tens of millions of dollars -- I can also point to thousands of people that say they like their job better . " Sociometric 's technology has been tested at several dozen companies , and Waber anticipates that half of the Fortune 500 will be using the model within 10 years . But if he is excited about the possibilities , he acknowledges the risk . "  My worry is that some companies come into the space that force people into it , give companies  de-anonymized  data on those people , and then the whole field gets legislated out of existence . " Waber would like to see regulation introduced along the lines of the US Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act  HIPAA  , which precludes medical providers from sharing patient data . But academics specializing in workforce analytics believe it is fraught with ethical issues . "  There are huge concerns over work intensification and increased stress , people have different stress reactions , " says Professor Kirstie Ball , of the Open University 's Center for Research into Information , Surveillance and Privacy . "  Monitoring raises the stakes in the employment relationship and can have negative effects if it 's applied to the wrong activity , which would be better managed qualitatively . " Ball hopes that limits are established for use of data collection . "  Monitoring technology is potentially pervasive into private life , and we do ethically need to think about privacy boundaries , particularly if  the technology  intrudes on the body or social space . " Performance data may also lead to harsher workplace environment , suggests Professor Michael Blakemore of Durham University , author of the 2011 paper ` From Workplace Watch to Social Spy . ' "  The technology allows you to get rid of people at the lower end of performance range , which pushes average performance up . You could have what happens in finance with audits on a quarterly basis with the bottom 10 % sacked . " Both academics agree with Waber in that legislation is behind the technology , and ill-suited to preventing abuse . Employees are often unaware of their rights to challenge pervasive monitoring , and may be forced into ` hacking ' as their only means to avoid it . At the dystopian end of the scale , there are fears that the field could run amok to the point of even allowing chips under the skin , as has been practiced with US patients . For all the possibilities of increased productivity and even well-being , workforce analytics must contend with severe trust issues . Watch : How to cover music without license	Surgeons feature in workforce monitoring experiment with RFID chips Enables productivity and efficiency gains that could transform industry High-tech monitoring field expanding rapidly and becoming more sophisticated Experts have concerns over ethics and legal capacity to deal with issues
CNN  -- In football-obsessed Kenya , like much of Africa , the beautiful game is more than just a sport -- it 's an inescapable way of life for millions of young people , a sacred carnival that 's staged passionately everywhere from grandiose stadiums to gravel fields and dusty patches of land . But for the laborers inside this brightly lit workshop on the outskirts of Nairobi , football is also serious business . Surrounded by Arsenal and Liverpool team posters on either side of the walls , the blue-shirted workers meticulously cut and stitch pieces of leather . Eyes straight down , they put the final touches on the white and yellow footballs they 're crafting on their wooden work stations . This is the Kenya-based hub of Alive & Kicking , the only formal manufacturer of sports balls in Africa . The social enterprise , which has two more plants in Zambia and Ghana , uses the widespread popularity of football in the continent to help create jobs and offer disadvantaged children access to sport equipment . "  In Africa , the passion for football is absolutely immense , " says Sughra Hussain , chief executive of Alive & Kicking , which was launched in 2004 by late Briton Jim Coogan . "  But according to our calculations , a third of children have actually never played with a real football before , " she adds , explaining the principles on which the group was founded . "  At the same time , there are very high levels of unemployment , with a high proportion of the population living below the poverty rate . " Durable balls All across Africa , millions of football-loving children are unable to afford quality balls to play with . Instead , they often rely on whatever 's at hand to create their own makeshift versions , using anything from strings and plastic bags to strips of cloth and inflated condoms . These improvised balls , however , often wo n't last long . Lopsided and fragile , they regularly fall victim to the thorn bushes dotting the weedy fields and pebbly yards the game is usually played on . Read this : Cameroon 's outspoken football star To deal with this , Alive & Kicking uses locally sourced leather to produce durable balls that are suited to local conditions . "  Our balls are made from genuine leather , so they last longer on the rough terrains of the compounds and slums in which they are often used , " says Hussain . Health awareness Over the last nine years , Alive & Kicking has produced more than 500,000 balls , including volleyballs and netballs . About half of them are sold in the major supermarkets of the countries the group works in , at a cost of around $ 18 , while the rest are either bought by local NGOs or corporate organizations . But Alive & Kicking , which employs 130 people in three countries , is not only interested in the retail side of the business . More than just a company , the group has donated a fifth of the balls it 's produced -- more than 100,000 -- to schools and children 's projects in rural areas as part of its efforts to raise health awareness . Read this : Flying doctor saving lives Each donated ball is printed with simple directives such as "  Play Safe " and "  Sleep Under A Net " to convey health messages about the dangers of HIV/AIDS and malaria . Famous backers For its efforts , the group has over the years attracted the interest of several high-profile athletes and officials , including English Premier League football stars and world dignitaries like the Secretary General of the United Nations Ban Ki Moon . Even Barack Obama was presented with one of the group 's balls during a visit to Kenya in 2006 . England international footballer Micah Richards , who 's been named an ambassador for Alive & Kicking , says : "  It 's a fantastic way to create jobs for those that need them in Kenya , Zambia and Ghana , and provide equipment for people that ca n't afford to buy it . "	Alive & Kicking is a social enterprise that manufactures balls in Africa It aims to create jobs for adults , provide children with balls and raise health awareness Launched in 2004 , it has so far produced more than half a million balls It employs 130 people -- one third of its workforce is people under 30
Joplin , Missouri  CNN  -- Authorities in Missouri will release Friday an updated list of people who are still missing after the tornado that devastated the region . This list will be an update of the tally of 232 missing people the Missouri Department of Public Safety released Thursday . As officials worked to ensure the community was up-to-date , some residents got answers on the fate of loved ones following the massive tornado that hit the Missouri city of Joplin on Sunday . Michelle Hare said she learned that her 16-year-old son had been confirmed dead . Lantz was ripped from a car Sunday night by winds exceeding 200 mph , and was one of the people named Thursday . Authorities also said 126 people had died from the storm , making the tornado the single deadliest to touch down in the U.S. since modern record-keeping began in 1950 . The Hares had been among many around Joplin , still desperately searching for missing loved ones . But one of the frustrations was a holdup at the morgue . Some were told that they may have to wait for two weeks before they can visit the morgue to search for relatives . A local coroner said that this will change for some Friday as some people will be allowed into the morgue to identify family members if they know unique characteristics such as tattoos . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said the sheer magnitude of the storm has made the process of identifying victims difficult and will mean that some of the bodies will have to be identified by DNA . "  This is not a series of bodies lying in a row that are easily identifiable . There are pieces of folks , " Nixon told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  There are very , very difficult scenes . It 's not as easy as walking down a row and being able to instantly identify . " And many of the people who survived the powerful storm had stories to tell . Aaron Cox said after the storm , he frantically tried to find his sister . Unlike many others in Joplin , Cox said he found his sister while frantically searching through leveled streets that were barely recognizable . "  I 've lived in Joplin my entire life . But everything was so leveled . You had no idea where you were ... With the street signs gone . There was no houses , no trees , no nothing , " said Cox , who documented his search for his sister on video . "  It was just completely barren . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Joe Sutton , Marlena Baldacci , Phil Gast , Mike Pearson , Jessica Jordan , Sean Morris and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	At least 126 people are confirmed dead , coroner says Lantz Hare , who was ripped from a car Sunday , was killed , teen 's mother says He was on a list of 232 people in Joplin who 'd been reported missing Coroner will allow some family members to search for loved ones at the morgue
CNN  -- Every year , I wholeheartedly embrace "  Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day " as a chance for my two girls to see why , besides the need to make an income , mommy would spend hours away from them . Seeing where I work , with whom I work and how we have a "  cool " vending machine filled with snacks such as Gummy Bears has helped them understand what I do and why . And that 's precisely the motivation behind the latest incarnation of "  Take Your Daughter/Child/Dog to Work Day . "  Yes , there is actually a visiting day for dog-lovers ! On Thursday , 28 companies in 14 countries will be hosting "  LinkedIn Bring in Your Parents Day , " the first event of its kind created and sponsored by the popular social networking site for professionals . Individual companies , such as Google , have hosted their own day for parents , but LinkedIn said its event will mark the first time so many companies are participating at once . Bring your mom and dad to work ? At first glance , it sounds like just another opportunity for so-called helicopter parents to get overly involved in their kids ' lives . First they were calling up admissions counselors , and then pressing employers for jobs and benefits for their kids . Now they 're actually going into their kids ' offices ? This ca n't be good ! But after speaking to parents who plan to visit their adult children 's workplaces , as well as those grown-up workers and parenting experts , this seems less like a sign of helicopter parenting run amok and more like a way to bridge the very real digital generation gap . ` My parents have never really understood what I do ' For Hector Hernandez , 31 , a senior business relationship manager at LinkedIn , the day is a chance to finally show his folks what he does and perhaps bring an end to pressures to go into a traditional career his parents more fully understand . "  Since I graduated from college , I got into marketing , I got into tech , and my parents have never really understood what I do , " he said with a laugh . "  My parents , they 're professors , they know academia very well , but they do n't have a single clue how you make money in Internet . "  They can come and see this is what I do . This is how I add value to society . Please stop asking me to go back to law school or go back to med school because I 'm doing pretty well , " said Hernandez . Hector 's dad , Gaston Hernandez , teaches mathematics at the University of Connecticut . When I asked him what his son does for a living , he chuckled . "  I still do n't understand exactly what he does , " said the elder Hernandez , who admits part of the issue is his son works in a business that did n't exist years earlier . "  Lawyers , architects , you know more because you grew up with that . " He said he "  naturally " expected his kids would pursue one of those more "  traditional " professions . Survey : A third of parents do n't know what their kids do Gaston Hernandez is definitely not alone . One in three parents , according to a LinkedIn survey , said they are not completely familiar with what their children do . Alice Osterman , whose daughter Elizabeth Brown is vice president for human resources for the online real estate site Trulia , said she does n't even try to explain to friends what her daughter , the youngest of six children , does . "  I tell  friends  the company , and that 's good for them , " she said from her home in Alamo , California . "  I do n't actually tell what she does day by day , because I do n't know . " Paul Osterman said he does n't know what his daughter does , either , and looks forward to getting some answers . "  All of our children complain about how tired they are when they work . I 'd like to go there and see what they actually do for their paycheck , " he said as his wife and daughter cracked up . "  I was also thinking it would be very interesting to talk to her boss because we know ... all of her little problems growing up and it might do him some good if he heard it from us , " the former manager for Ford dealerships said . "  Uh-oh , Elizabeth , are you having second thoughts about having your mom and dad come to your office ? " I had to ask . "  Yeah , definitely , " the San Francisco-based mom of two kids , 9 and 10 , joked . But all kidding aside , she looks forward to the chance for her parents to see what she does so they can relate more to her professional experience . "  I 'm arguably at work more than I am at home with my own family , so it 's all about relating , " she said . "  It 'll be nice to have them come and get a glimpse of what I 'm talking about and sort of the vibe of how the workplace has changed since they 've been in the workplace and maybe better relate to my stories about work . " Getting advice from parents Part of the goal , said LinkedIn executives , is helping parents have a better understanding of what their kids do so they can provide advice about work . In the company 's global survey , 50 % of parents said they feel they could help their child if they had a better understanding of what they did . "  We believe that parents do have a lot of wisdom to share with their children , but if they do n't understand exactly what it is they do , sometimes it can be hard to give that advice , " said Catherine Fisher , LinkedIn 's director of corporate communications . "  We want to bridge that gap . " Parenting expert and clinical psychologist Madeline Levine , author of two New York Times best-selling books including "  Teach Your Children Well , " says the visits could seal that gap between "  the digital natives and us immigrants . " But , she says , the event should n't be an excuse for parents "  to stick their nose in their kids ' business . " She said participating companies would be wise to make that very clear . "  If the parent comes home and says , ' I noticed that so and so 's mother was saying she made more money than you made , what 's that about ? ' Then it 's a disaster , " said Levine , a mom of three grown sons . The anti-helicopter parent Neither the Hernandez family nor the Ostermans show any signs of taking this experiment too far . In fact , when I asked them if they were helicopter parents , they laughed . "  Actually , we sometimes criticized ourselves , " said Hernandez , who moved to the U.S. from Chile . "  We did n't get involved enough . " Alice Osterman said , "  Our attitude on parenthood is to have them well-educated , train them morally and spiritually ... and then , ` Good luck . ' " "  My idea was just to say , ` OK , you 're 21 kid . Get going , ' " said Paul Osterman , without missing a beat .  The couple has been married for nearly 60 years . Brown , the Ostermans ' daughter , said she does n't think the idea of this day perpetuates the notion of helicopter parenting . "  I think it more just acknowledges that the lines are being blurred between work and home and so why not lean in to that and make sure that everyone can appreciate everyone 's experience , " she added . She 's looking forward to a session where the participating parents will give her and her colleagues advice and just having her parents get a glimpse into her work environment . "  People sitting on yoga balls at their desks and all the food in the kitchen , " she said . "  Things that I talk to them about , but it 's almost beyond their imagination . " Her dad chimed in : "  She 's also hoping her father will keep his mouth shut . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	LinkedIn is sponsoring the workplace initiative "  Bring in Your Parents Day " The goal , executives say , is to bridge the generation gap in the digital age Participating parents and employees say the day is not a mark of helicopter parents Parenting expert : Companies should make clear it 's not a chance for parents to meddle
CNN  -- Brazilian authorities detained the wife of former world boxing champion Arturo Gatti as a suspect in his killing , according to local reports . Arturo Gatti pictured during the final fight of his career , a knockout defeat by Alfonso Gomez in 2007 . Gatti was found dead Saturday in a hotel in Brazil , where he was taking a vacation with his wife , Amanda Carina Barbosa Rodrigues , and their young child . The 37-year-old Canadian , who was born in Italy and made his name as a fighter based in New Jersey , was staying in the northeast seaside resort of Porto de Galihnas . Rodrigues , 23 , was being held in a police station in the city of Recife in connection with the killing , a police official in Porto de Galihnas told CNN . Police official Osmar Silva Santiago confirmed local reports that Gatti 's body was found Saturday morning in his hotel room with strangulation marks . "  This crime is being investigated by our homicide experts and we hope to have more answers tomorrow , " Santiago said . Police recovered a blood-stained purse strap from the scene , according to media reports . Rodrigues became a suspect because of inconsistencies during her interrogation , local reports quoted homicide task force chief Josedith Ferreira as saying . Gatti made his name in a series of three fights against "  Irish " Micky Ward , losing the first but triumphing in the other two . He held the IBF super-featherweight and WBC light-welterweight titles , and he also won the WBC junior welterweight belt but lost it to Floyd Mayweather Jr. in 2005 . Gatti retired in 2007 after suffering a knockout defeat by Alfonso Gomez in his comeback , ending with a record of 40 wins and nine losses . He grew up in Montreal , Quebec , after leaving Italy at an early age , and returned to the city following his retirement . According to Gatti 's official Web site , the Italian-born pugilist won "  Fight of the Year " for three consecutive years . CNN 's Helena de Moura contributed to this report .	NEW : Wife , Amanda Carina Barbosa Rodrigues , detained at Recife police station NEW : Rodrigues ' answers to interrogation reportedly had inconsistencies NEW : Gatti 's body was found Saturday in hotel room with strangulation marks The former world boxing champion was vacationing with his 23-year-old wife
CNN  -- Former teen idol David Cassidy faces a drunken driving charge after his arrest early Wednesday in Schodack , New York , police said . Cassidy , 63 , was given breath and field sobriety tests after he failed to dim his car 's headlights at a police checkpoint , according to the police report . Word of the arrest surfaced on Twitter , starting with early tweets from local TV reporter Jessica Layton . He was arrested when he blew a .10 in the Breathalyzer device , the report said . The legal blood alcohol limit is .08 . The former star of the TV series "  The Partridge Family " was released on $ 2,500 bail and ordered to appear in court on September 6 , the police report said . Cassidy , who lives in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , entered a no contest plea as a first-time offender in February 2011 to a drunken driving charge that followed a November 2010 arrest in Florida . He was sentenced to a year 's probation and his driver 's license was suspended for six months for that conviction . He also attended a DUI school , paid a $ 500 fine and served 50 hours of community service . On the TV series , Cassidy played the eldest of five children of a widowed mother  Shirley Jones , who was Cassidy 's real-life stepmother  . The family , all musicians , traveled to gigs in a repainted school bus . When the show was canceled after four seasons , Cassidy launched his own pop music career , filling concert halls with screaming teenage girls attracted to such hits as "  I Think I Love You . " A more recent acting job was on the 2009 ABC Family sitcom "  Ruby & the Rockits , " in which Cassidy played an aging former teen heartthrob . The show was canceled after one season . CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Cassidy was tested after he failed to dim his car 's headlights at a police checkpoint The former star of the TV series "  The Partridge Family " was released on $ 2,500 bail Cassidy pleaded no contest as a first-time offender to a Florida DUI charge in 2011
CNN  -- England 's 10-wicket hero and man-of-the-match James Anderson admitted to total exhaustion after his side held off a gritty Australian fight back to win an extraordinary first Ashes Test by 14 runs . "  It has been draining emotionally and physically , " said Anderson . "  I 'm lost for words - it 's been amazing . " But the first Test also threw up questions about the use of technology in sport , with Australia ruing the Decision Review System  DRS  that appeared to weigh heavily against the Baggy Greens . CNN looks at five things we learned from the first Test at Trent Bridge . Technology equals controversy Unlike football , which has grappled with the issue of technological assistance for its embattled referees for years , cricket has long been comfortable with a little high tech help for its umpires . DRS has been around in cricket since 2009 ; while not without its dissenters , by and large it has brought clarity and dampened down controversy in big games . Not in this match though . As the old bumper sticker says , "  to err is human ; to foul things up completely requires a computer , " except here the human element was solely to blame . From umpire Aleem Dar 's failure to pick up Stuart Broad 's clear edge to Australia 's wicketkeeper Brad Haddin , to a dozy ` hot-spot ' camera operator who was still reviewing the previous ball as England appealed Jonathan Trott 's dismissal , this was an error-strewn performance by both the on and off-field umpiring team . The look on Australian captain Michael Clarke 's face when he realized his profligate use of appeals had left him without recourse to the third umpire as Broad stood his ground summed up the frustration around DRS. Broad 's decision not to walk was huge in itself , and prompted an impassioned debate that will linger for some time -- some argued that he was a disgrace , others that he was simply being professional . Interestingly the people who seemed least bothered by it were the players , possibly because -- with very few exceptions -- no one in top-flight cricket walks any more . In the words of former Australian wicketkeeper Ian Healy , "  walk in an Ashes Test match ? Only if the car runs out of petrol ! " Interestingly though , Broad did n't wait for the umpire 's signal when he did eventually depart . Perhaps even he was a bit embarrassed . In the final analysis , much as was always argued when the umpires acted alone , the mistakes just about balanced themselves out . Certainly , the Australian captain could learn much from the approach of his opposite number Alastair Cook , who used his appeals wisely -- especially for the final decisive wicket . But the fact that technology 's role was so central to so much controversy at Trent Bridge must be cause for concern . Anderson is a true great While the great Australian side that dominated world cricket from the early 90s into the 21st century was full of stars , its bowling attack was arguably the key to its supremacy . Alongside the genius of spinner Shane Warne it was the metronomic precision and controlled aggression of fast bowler Glenn McGrath that kept the game 's best batsmen in check . If the current Australian side is crying out for such a presence , England can rest easy in the knowledge that they have their own McGrath in Anderson . The Lancashire pace bowler has matured into an intimidating mix of cool exactitude and thoughtful endeavour . For over after over he pinned the Australian attack back , reining them in each time they threatened to break free and ensuring they could never relax . It was a performance , on a pretty lifeless pitch , that underlined why he can now justifiably be ranked among the greatest pace bowlers . His 10 wickets added to a career tally that should eventually see him overtake Ian Botham as England 's highest wicket-taker . And his 10th wicket , albeit gained by the finest of margins and the faintest edge , may well be among those that come to define this Ashes series . Australia is here to win Australia arrived in England as clear underdogs , before cementing this status with an implosion in the ICC Champions Trophy that indicated a team in disarray . If off field disciplinary issues and major changes in the coaching staff left many wondering what kind of shape this team would be in for the first Test , all agreed that -- on paper at least -- it had a long batting line-up . None , however , would have predicted just how long . Making his Test debut at just 19 , there were few indications that Ashton Agar , taking the field with Australia on the brink of oblivion at 117 for 9 , would deliver such a dazzling performance . But what a performance it was -- full of eye-catching stroke play and stylish shots that reached all parts of Trent Bridge , watched by a gaping crowd that became gradually more appreciative as the records tumbled . As the highest ever score by an Australian number 11 became the highest ever score by any number 11 , McGrath remarked that he thought he 'd been presenting Agar 's Baggy Green cap to a bowler , not an all-rounder . As the debutant reached 98 , it seemed the whole stadium , as well as most of those observing via Twitter , were willing him into triple figures . It was n't to be , as an overly ambitious boundary attempt from the bowling of the Test 's soon-to-be pantomime villain , Broad , was lofted into the hands of Graeme Swann ; but the standing ovation he received was heartfelt . Yes , he possibly should have been given out earlier , and it was n't quite enough to win the match for the Australians , but no one , English or Australian , will forget that innings . At the other end of the age scale , the veteran Haddin 's performance on the final day was no less impressive , aided by James Pattinson he brought his team within a whisker of an implausible victory . England beware : this team has a whale of a tail and bowlers will need to be at their best to clear the Australian decks . The Ashes are still worth fighting for The appeal of the Ashes comes in large part from the fearsome way in which the series is contested . When England finally reclaimed the tiny urn in 2005 it was a release so cathartic that it elevated the series to new heights in the UK ; and made Australia all the more determined to reclaim the prize , which they did emphatically in 2007 . However , recent contests have felt less competitive . As the Australians struggled to rebuild , and England became ever more proficient and professional , it felt as though this year 's series might lack a little of the appeal of recent years . By Sunday at Trent Bridge , those fears had been dispelled so emphatically that the very idea of a lacklustre Ashes seemed laughable . This was , it was unanimously agreed , one of the best ever Ashes Tests , and quite possibly one of the best ever Test matches . New rivalries , fresh controversies and innumerable talking points conspired to ensure that the second Test will be the most hotly anticipated for years . The fact that much of the UK is currently basking in a heatwave only added to the sense of enjoyment from the home fans , but even in defeat the Australians could draw succour from the fact that their team can clearly make a decent fist of winning the series . Clarke 's dignified speech as he congratulated England spoke of a man well aware he had been part of something special . And best of all , this is just the beginning of back-to-back series in 2013 . Test cricket is still uniquely compelling By the end of Wednesday those fans with tickets for Saturday 's action were justifiably pondering other plans . Batsman after batsman failed to rein in his desire to play at every delivery , with wickets lost due primarily to poor decision making . Bowling , too , was erratic -- the Australians giving away 21 runs to the extras column . Even the idea that the match could be over before Friday was being seriously discussed , and inevitably that discussion turned to the format of Test cricket . Batsmen , it was agreed , were too used to the speed of Twenty20 and 50-over games ; skills that fed a long innings , such as the ability to safely leave a ball , had been lost in the pressure to score quickly . Punters preferred the quick fix entertainment of shorter forms of the game and this was the result . As the Test entered the afternoon session on the fifth day , however , it became clear that this type of cricket still offers something unique . This was like choosing an Emmy award winning DVD box set over a summer sci-fi blockbuster . As the hours and days rolled by , nuance , sub-plots , character development and twists were revealed that would be impossible in the frenetic environment of limited overs cricket . Trent Bridge was by turns feather bed and cauldron for the protagonists as the game 's story evolved ; nails were shorn to their stumps , eyes raised plaintively to the heavens by players and fans alike , cries of anguish were matched by sighs of relief and gasps of wonderment , eyes squinted intently at the square throughout . This utterly enthralling contest was the perfect reminder of what Test cricket can offer .	England beat Australia in thrilling first Test at Trent Bridge England win by narrow margin of 14 runs after five days England bowler James Anderson man-of-the-match after taking 10 wickets Second Test at Lord 's starts on Thursday
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The Indonesia volcano that threatened President Obama 's visit is now "  likely " to shorten an already brief stop to the capital city of Jakarta . Obama arrived in Indonesia , where he spent part of his childhood , on Tuesday for a two-day trip . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs , who earlier told reporters that officials were closely monitoring the ash cloud from Mount Merapi , said forecasting shows air traffic might again be disrupted . Obama is scheduled to meet with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and hold a news conference with him ; attend an official dinner ; and visit the Istiqlal Mosque , the largest mosque in southeast Asia . Gibbs said the President still hopes to deliver a speech at the University of Indonesia . "  My sense is , our hope is that while we may have to truncate some of the morning we can get the speech in , " Gibbs told reporters aboard Air Force One on a flight from New Delhi to Jakarta . . Ben Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications , said earlier that Obama lived in Jakarta for several years as a boy . In the university speech , "  he 'll have a chance to talk about the partnership that we 're building with Indonesia ... -LSB- and -RSB- also to talk about some of the themes of democracy and development and our outreach to Muslim communities around the world , while also speaking of Indonesia 's pluralism and tolerance as well , " Rhodes said ahead of Obama 's 10-day tour of Asia . "  While -LSB- Indonesia is -RSB- a Muslim majority , it 's a host to a broad religious diversity , " Rhodes added . On Sunday , Muslims staged rallies across Indonesia to protest Obama 's visit to the world 's largest Muslim-majority nation . "  We do n't see the differences between Obama and Bush . They both oppress Muslims . They both have blood on their hands , " said Ismail Yusanto , a spokesman for the Muslim group Hizbut Tahrir . "  That 's why we reject Obama and we do n't believe that he 's reaching out to Muslims . " About 20,000 people attended the rallies , the spokesman said . More than one in 10 of the world 's Muslims live in Indonesia , which has about 205 million Muslims . Obama 's trip to Asia started Saturday with a three-day visit to India . His stay in India -- the third largest economy and one of the world 's few growth markets -- included a meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi and an address to the nation 's parliament . In another major sign of growing ties between India and the United States , Obama on Monday backed a permanent seat for India in the U.N. Security Council . "  In the years ahead , I look forward to a reformed U.N. Security Council that includes India as a permanent member , " he said to India 's parliament . The statement came as Obama made a wide-ranging address that envisioned closer economic and security ties between the United States and India , standing "  shoulder to shoulder " with the world 's largest democracy . Obama praised India 's democratic institutions : its free electoral system , independent judiciary , the rule of law , and a free press . He said India and the United States have a unique link because they are democracies and free-market economies . "  When Indians vote , the whole world watches . Thousands of political parties . Hundreds of thousands of polling centers . Millions of candidates and poll workers , and 700 million voters . There 's nothing like it on the planet . There is so much that countries transitioning to democracy could learn from India 's experience ; so much expertise that India can share with the world . That , too , is what 's possible when the world 's largest democracy embraces its role as a global leader , " he said . Noting the country 's rise as a world power , Obama said he sees the United States cooperating with India in various international and regional alliances . He praised India 's role in the climate change negotiations and its role as a top contributor in U.N. peacekeeping missions . Obama 's visit to India included a town hall-style meeting with students , a celebration of the Hindu holiday Diwali and a visit to Humayun 's Tomb , an architectural precursor to the Taj Mahal . On Wednesday , the president will leave for South Korea , where he will attend the G-20 summit in Seoul . Obama is to meet with Chinese President Hu Jintao while both are in South Korea . The U.S. president also is to deliver a speech to U.S. troops in South Korea on Thursday , which is the Veterans Day holiday in the United States . Obama 's Seoul visit will include a meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak and a news conference . The U.S. president will leave South Korea for Japan on Thursday . In Japan , Obama will speak at a CEO Business Summit that is part of an Asia-Pacific Economic Council summit . Obama 's packed schedule includes other APEC events and bilateral talks with Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard . The president 's Asia tour is part of an administration focus on a vital region for expanding trade and fighting terrorism , Rhodes said ahead of the trip . "  If you look at the trend lines in the 21st century , the rise of Asia , the rise of individual countries within Asia , is one of the defining stories of our time , " Rhodes said , later adding , "  We see core U.S. national interests that will be advanced by us playing a key role in helping to shape the future of the region and making clear that we 're an Asian and a Pacific power . " Obama will head back to the United States on Sunday . CNN White House correspondent Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama could leave Indonesia early due to Mount Merapi eruptions The U.S. president arrives in Indonesia after three days in India He is scheduled to meet with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono His Asia tour will include the G-20 summit in South Korea and the APEC summit in Japan
CNN  -- The mother of Lisa Irwin , an 11-month old Missouri girl missing for nearly two weeks , said in an interview she was drunk the night the infant disappeared . Deborah Bradley made the admission during an NBC interview , portions of which were aired Monday on "  Today . " She also said she last saw Lisa at 6:40 p.m. October 3 , when she put the girl to bed , not at 10:30 p.m. , as initially believed . Lisa was reported missing at 4 a.m. October 4 , after Lisa 's father , Jeremy Irwin , came home from work to find the door unlocked , lights on and a window that had been tampered with at the family 's Kansas City home . Bradley told NBC she is afraid she will be arrested . Police have accused her of killing Lisa , she said , and told her that she failed a lie detector test , with deception indicated when she was asked where Lisa was . "  I was the last one with her , " a tearful Bradley said in the interview . "  And from judging on how the questioning went , that 's kind of a fear that I have . And the main fear with that is , if they arrest me , people are going to stop looking for her . And then I 'll never see her again , and I 'll never know what happened . " Asked how much she had been drinking that night , Bradley said , "  enough to be drunk . " But she rejected the notion that she could have harmed her daughter while under the influence of alcohol . "  No , no , no , " she told NBC . "  And if I thought there was a chance , I 'd say it . No . No . I do n't think alcohol changes a person enough to do something like that . " She said it 's "  terrible " that police may be focusing on her . "  My daughter is missing , " she said . "  The last thing that I want to have to worry about is something like that . I should n't have to put any energy , any time or effort , into anything but finding her . " Asked whether he had questions about Bradley , Irwin told NBC , "  No . There 's no question to be had there . I know who she is . I know the kind of mother she is . " He said it 's possible someone could have entered the house without Bradley hearing , as the couple 's bedroom is on the opposite corner of the house from Lisa 's room and Bradley sleeps with a fan at high speed . Police have said three cell phones were also missing from the home along with Lisa . On Sunday , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon ordered the one-day deployment of 25 National Guardsmen to help search for Lisa . Two anonymous benefactors have offered a $ 100,000 reward for Lisa 's safe return , according to Bill Stanton , a private investigator working with the family . Irwin and Bradley told NBC they have refused to let authorities re-interview Lisa 's older brothers . "  They said they heard noises  the night Lisa disappeared  , " Bradley said . "  I do n't know if that was before we went to sleep or after . " She said she has not talked to her sons about it because she is reluctant to put them through "  anything else . " Asked what she would say to someone who might be holding Lisa , Bradley told NBC , "  She needs her family , and we need her . We 're losing more sanity as each day progresses . " Lisa is described as being 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blond hair , according to police . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds and was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . The missing girl has two bottom teeth and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh , police said . At the time of her disappearance , she had a cold with a cough .	Deborah Bradley made the admission in an interview with NBC She says she last saw Lisa four hours earlier than the time initially given Bradley says police have accused her of killing her daughter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iran remains a danger to the world even though it stopped a program to develop a nuclear weapon four years ago , President Bush said Tuesday . President Bush tells reporters Tuesday that Iran still poses a threat to the world . "  Iran was dangerous , Iran is dangerous and Iran will be dangerous if they have the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon , " Bush said , pointing out that Tehran continues to try to enrich uranium for civilian purposes and therefore develop technology that could be used for a weapon . A declassified summary of a National Intelligence Estimate released by the U.S. government on Monday said Iran had stopped working toward a nuclear weapon in 2003 and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until at least 2010 . Enriched uranium at low concentrations can be used to fuel nuclear power plants , but much higher concentrations are needed to yield a nuclear explosion . The new estimate is less severe than a 2005 report that judged the Iranian leadership was "  determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure . " Earlier Tuesday , Iran ripped the Bush administration for rhetoric that came before Monday 's release of the estimate . "  U.S. officials have so far inflicted ... damage on the Iranian nation by spreading lies against the country and by disturbing public opinion , therefore , they have to pay the price for their action , " Iranian government spokesman Gholam-Hossein Elham is quoted as saying on the Web site of the official Islamic Republic News Agency . In another posting , IRNA called the updated estimate "  a necessary and positive step in Tehran-Washington relations , but undoubtedly is not sufficient . " "  The U.S. administration should know that only admitting a mistake is not enough , " the IRNA report said . But Bush said Tuesday he saw the latest estimate on Iran as "  a warning signal . " Watch why Bush says he sees a danger in the report " "  What 's to say they could n't start another covert nuclear weapons program ? " Bush asked . The latest estimate shows "  Iran needs to be taken seriously as a threat to peace , " Bush said . See how the 2005 and 2007 estimates differ " U.S. national security adviser Stephen Hadley said Monday that Iran remains a serious threat . "  We have good reason to continue to be concerned about Iran developing a nuclear weapon even after this most recent National Intelligence Estimate , " he said . "  In the words of the NIE , quote , Iranian entities are continuing to develop a range of technical capabilities that could be applied to producing nuclear weapons , if a decision is made to do so . " Hadley said U.S. policy toward Iran has not changed because of the new report . "  If we want to avoid a situation where we either have to accept Iran ... with a path to a nuclear weapon , or the possibility of having to use force to stop it , with all the connotations of World War III -- then we need to step up the diplomacy , step up the pressure , to get Iran to stop their so-called civilian uranium enrichment program , " he said . "  That 's our policy going forward -- no change . " Britain on Tuesday also called for continued pressure on Iran . "  The report confirms that we were right to be worried about Iran seeking to develop nuclear weapons , and it also shows that the sanctions program and international pressure were having some effect , " a spokesman for Prime Minister Gordon Brown said . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak echoed Bush 's comments Tuesday . "  Iran is a main threat to the world and Israel , " Barak said . "  The entire world and the state of Israel should prepare to deal with this threat and thwart it . " Iran has insisted its nuclear program is strictly aimed at producing electricity , and the country has refused the U.N. Security Council 's demand to halt its enrichment program . Iran 's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency , Ali Asghar Soltanieh , said Tuesday that even the allegations that Tehran was pursuing a nuclear weapon up to 2003 were false . "  I categorically reject any allegation that Iran has had before , has now and will have -LSB- such a program -RSB- because a nuclear weapon is not in our defense decree , " Soltanieh said . "  We are of the belief that a nuclear weapon would create a vulnerability and therefore we are and have and will be against nuclear weapons , " he said . The IAEA , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , has reported that Iran is cooperating with inspectors by providing access to declared nuclear material , documents and facilities . However , the agency also said Iran is withholding information in other areas , and as a result , the IAEA 's knowledge about the status of the program is "  diminishing . " Iran says its uranium enrichment work is allowed under the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty . The U.N. Security Council has passed two rounds of sanctions against Tehran , but Washington missed its goal of reaching consensus on tighter restrictions by the end of November , the State Department said last week . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Iranian envoy says Iran has never sought nuclear weapons Iran could transfer civilian nuclear work to military , President Bush says U.S. intelligence estimate says Iran stopped nuclear arms work in 2003 U.S. national security adviser says U.S. policy toward Iran unchanged
Dafniya , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces fired mortars and guns at rebel forces in an apparent effort to break through a stalemated line west of the rebel-held city of Misrata on Sunday , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from the scene . Rebels returned fire , and while some pulled back to seek cover from the incoming artillery shells , others moved forward toward the front line near the town of Dafniya , about 35 kilometers west of Misrata . Libya has been in the throes of a civil war for months , since Gadhafi dug in his heels against popular efforts to force him out of power as anti-government protests sweep the Arab world this year .	Rebels in Libya come under attack at a stalemated front line near a rebel-held city Moammar Gadhafi has been fighting efforts to topple him as protests sweep the Arab world
Manila  CNN  -- Crowded , gritty , and poor , Metro Manila can be a tough place to live for just about anyone ; but when you stand three feet 10 inches the odds are seriously stacked against you . "  I come from the provinces so there was no work , " says 35-year-old Alejandro Doron , looking at his hands . "  Farm work , using the heavy equipment , was just too hard for me . " Arriving in Manila as a 21-year-old , Alejandro - a dwarf or unano as they are called in the Philippines - tried his hand at several jobs , among them working as a show wrestler in a Manila bar . "  That was okay but it could be quite hard , " he says . "  It was just a show , and just on Thursdays , but sometimes you could still get hurt and you were always slipping over in the oil . " Now safely ensconced in Manila 's "  Hobbit House " - a dwarf-themed blues bar in Manila 's scruffy Ermita district - he is part of a group of dwarves who plan to build their own community for about 30 of the city 's "  little people " - the preferred term for people with dwarfism . Often isolated in the provinces , where they can be the only person in the town with dwarfism , in Manila they are less visible . Working and living together , however , makes the condition all but a normal state of affairs . The founder of the Hobbit House , 71-year-old Jim Turner , says dwarves in the Philippines suffer the same amount of prejudice as little people anywhere else in the world . "  I think anywhere ... anywhere in the world they 'd have the same problems , " says Turner sitting in his usual corner of the bar , a cigarette burning in his ashtray . "  People look and stare at them , " he says , screwing up his face in imitation of someone who 's just seen something weird . Far from exploiting the dwarves , Turner maintains the bar gives hope and employment to people who sometimes hail from the worst slums in Manila . "  It gives them a real sense of community , " he says , taking a draw on his cigarette . A former Peace Corp volunteer who came to Manila in the 60s , Turner later worked in Filipino television in the 1970s when dwarves and transvestites were a staple fare of the film industry . The exploitation genre - a period during the 60s , 70s and 80s when sexism , racism and so-called "  carnival freaks " were regarded as a surefire recipe for a box office smash - was recently documented in an Australian film released last year called Machete Maidens Unleashed ! The B-movie genre was designed as drive-in fodder and involved risqu  scenes featuring gun-toting nuns , topless female revolutionaries or martial arts-performing dwarves . The low-budget films launched the career of Filipino actor and martial artist Ernesto de la Cruz - better known as Weng Weng - who stood just 2 feet , 9 inches tall . Starring in roles as diverse as the baby Moses in a Filipino biblical epic to a spoof on James Bond where he appeared as agent ' 00 ' , Weng Weng was wildly popular in the Philippines in a genre that became know as ` dwarf TV ' . Turner became friends with several people with dwarfism and , combined with his love of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings , the idea for the Hobbit House was born . It has since become so popular that he opened up a second Hobbit House in the beach resort of Boracay and the venues now attract a steady stream of little people looking for work . "  At first we were just taking anyone we could get , but now we 're pretty much turning people away , " he said . The bar general manager Pidoy Fetalino , who started at the Hobbit House as a cashier but now operates the bar , says they are now looking for dwarves who have good English and even college degrees . "  A few of the people we 've hired have n't worked out , " adds Turner . The Hobbit House is still the first stop for casting agents looking for little people to star as extras and most of the staff at the bar describe themselves as freelancers or businesspeople . Not only does the bar provide regular employment between gigs , it also gives the staff a chance to hone their skills - the Hobbit House has spawned a slew of diminutive Elvis impersonators , jugglers and fire eaters . One bar staff member even patrolled the premises dressed as a security guard with a Great Dane three times his size . "  I just landed a role as Santa Nino , " says Alejandro , chuckling as he makes the shape of the headdress and cape of the saint . "  In all my life , I never thought I would be doing something like that . " While the dream of starting a live-in community for Manila 's little people is still to attract any financial backers , Alejandro is hopeful the scheme will one day come together . "  So far we do n't have the money to go much further , " Doron says . The group has already sourced a 40-acre site outside Manila , but the cost of developing the site and building housing is daunting . "  What can I say except that dreams do come true , " he says , laughing infectiously . "  There 's always Santa Claus . "	Some of Manila 's dwarves want to build their own community Life in the provinces can be tough for people with dwarfism Some have found work in a Manila bar called the Hobbit House Dwarves in the Philippines have long been a staple of TV shows
CNN  -- The phenomenal success of "  Modern Family " has been a game changer for its entire cast , including actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson . The show 's high ratings , three consecutive Emmy wins for outstanding comedy series and broad fan base have given all its stars a massive platform . Ferguson is using his for a cause that 's both political and personal : the fight to legalize same-sex marriage . The 37-year-old Montana native does n't just play Mitch , a gay man in a loving , committed relationship on TV ; in a way , he is Mitch . After dating for more than two years , Ferguson and his boyfriend , Justin Mikita , decided to take the next step . During a recent trip to Mexico , Ferguson "  popped the big Q. " Mikita said yes . After much consideration and debate , the newly engaged couple decided to go public with their private news , not because they do n't enjoy their privacy -- they certainly do -- but because in doing so they knew they could shine a light on a cause dear to their hearts . Ferguson and Mitka started the Tie the Knot foundation . Its mission is simple : sell bow ties to raise money for marriage equality . The "  Modern Family " actor recently spoke with CNN about his organization . CNN : When you go to www.tietheknot.org , the first thing you see is a hilarious video of you and Justin announcing your engagement . Jesse Tyler Fergusson : I feel like when you tackle any subject with comedy , humor and wits , you 're going to get a lot further than if you just give the dry facts of the cause . CNN : It definitely gets your attention . It could n't have been an easy decision to put your private life out there like that . Ferguson : We kind of felt like the only way to legitimize why we wanted to do this was to announce that we were actually engaged . It made me very nervous ; I did n't want to exploit something that was very personal and private between Justin and me . But , in the context of our foundation , it felt like  it was  the right time to tell people . CNN : My favorite part was your struggle with labeling your relationship . Ferguson : I hate "  lover " ! I think it sounds so pretentious and like that "  Saturday Night Live " skit with Will Ferrell and Rachel Dratch in the hot tub eating turkey . I 've always found the term fiance in gay or straight relationships to be completely strange . It does n't sound English or American at all . I love calling Justin "  the lover I 've taken on , " but he does n't care for that . So I just say "  boyfriend . " I think there 's something really sweet and innocent about it . CNN : A lot of boyfriends , and girlfriends in Maine , Maryland and Washington got some good news on Election Day when same-sex marriage was legalized in those states by popular vote . Ferguson : I have such mixed feelings about it . Obviously , I 'm so happy these states won marriage equality . It 's also very tough for me . I went through it with Proposition 8  in California  , seeing the majority vote on the minority 's rights . It 's incredibly hard to swallow . I just feel like it should n't be up to the majority to vote on a minority 's civil rights . I 'm thrilled that we are slowly making progress , and we have to make progress however we can . But I do look forward to the day we stop putting it in the hands of the states and make it a national thing . This is America and  marriage equality  should be part of the "  United " part of our country . CNN : What do you see as the biggest challenge between where things are now and the protection of same-sex marriage under federal law ? Ferguson : We 're in a great place . There 's a forward movement on this issue , and for many young Americans it 's a nonissue . But one stumbling block is the lack of education about marriage equality . I feel like there 's a fear that the definition of marriage will be changed . Nobody 's looking to change the meaning of what it means to be married . We just want to add to who has the right . It 's the same thing as women wanting the right to vote . They were n't going to change the meaning of going to the polls and putting the card in the ballot ; they just wanted the right to vote . CNN : And whether you 're voting or getting married , who does n't like to wear a nice bow tie , right ? Why did you pick this accessory as the cornerstone of your foundation ? Ferguson : I selfishly wanted to get involved in the fashion world anyway , but in a way that did n't feel like a huge undertaking . So I thought about what I like to wear and also what is literally the smallest piece of clothing I could possibly design . So we came up with the bow-tie line . It was Justin 's idea to incorporate it into the foundation . We thought -- why do n't we kill two birds with one stone ? We 'll start a bow-tie line and funnel the proceeds into a foundation for marriage equality . Then Justin came up with the idea of Tie the Knot , which just perfectly marries those two ideas . CNN : I think people will appreciate the symbolism . Also , it matches your character in "  Modern Family . " I imagine your cast mates have been supportive . The chemistry there really seems to go beyond the set . Is that the case ? Ferguson : I mean it really is . People are always trying to test us and break us and find out the darkness , but there 's really nothing to tell . We 're kind of on this roller coaster together , and it 's a very bonding experience . We 're watching our families grow . I 've gotten engaged since meeting these people . Ty  Burell  has had two kids . Julie  Bowen  had twins . Sofia  Vergara  got engaged . We 'll go to a birthday party or get together at someone 's house and bring our husbands , wives , fiances , boyfriends and girlfriends , and it feels like a huge extended family . CNN : I bet when one of your family members finds themselves at the center of a crazy headline or serious crisis you all react . Do you turn into Papa Bear ? Ferguson : There 's obviously some sense of protection because we know being  in  the media 's eye how vulnerable that can be when you 're going through something . So we all rally around one another and protect one another . We 're always checking in with one another , and some walls definitely go up to protect some people . It 's exactly what you would expect from people who have your back . CNN : I can only imagine what a "  Modern Family " gay wedding will be like . I bet you and Justin get asked a lot when the big day is . Ferguson : About once a day ! We 're in the process of planning it . It could be as early as this spring , and it could be the following spring . We 're kind of waiting for some pieces to fall into place and to see what my work schedule is like next summer . I 'm also really excited to be married . I do n't want to have a three-year engagement . I proposed to Justin because I wanted to be married . I do n't want to be a professional engaged person . CNN : Are you planning something more traditional or , dare I say , modern ? Ferguson : Well , we 're not going to be redefining the marriage ceremony . I grew up Catholic but do n't practice any longer . I have n't been to the Catholic Church in years so I would feel really weird to try and bring in those traditions -- it 's just not us . It 's going to be a very nontraditional , very organic , very simple ceremony . We 're not going to have a wedding party or try to find someone amazing to officiate . I think it will be a very short , very sweet and simple and hopefully beautiful ceremony . I do n't even have any gay friends who have gotten married , but several of my straight friends had very untraditional weddings , and those have always been my favorite . CNN : Have you decided about starting a family ? Ferguson : It 's something we 've talked about . It 's one of those early date questions . "  Do you want kids ? " And we both do . But I 'm just excited to get married and sit in the marriage place for a little while . I do n't want to jump into kids right away . But , yeah , we both really want kids very much .	Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Justin Mikita launched Tie the Knot foundation Proceeds from the organization go toward the fight to legalize same-sex marriage Ferguson said he is protective of their relationship
CNN  -- Brazil 's preparations for a major international soccer tournament have been hit by "  human error " and heavy rain , which caused the roof of Salvador 's host stadium to partially collapse . The Arena Fonte Nova is due to host three matches in the eight-nation Confederations Cup , considered a warmup for the 2014 World Cup also in Brazil , with the first to be played on June 20 . But stadium administrators now face major repairs after a triangular tear appeared in one section of the roof on Monday as it buckled under the weight of rain water . The Fonte Nova Participacoes  FNP  group , which manages the stadium , said in a statement : "  The breakup of a part of the 36 panels of the roof membrane was  caused  by human error . "  The FNP checked the sealing cover the previous day , taking advantage of the non-operation of the Games stadium . "  During this procedure a portion of the membrane covering the metal deck was bent , which eventually became a barrier , causing an accumulation of rain water which prevented the correct outlets for drainage . " CNN affiliate TV Record showed aerial images of the stadium staff using buckets to remove pools of water from other sections of the roof to try to prevent further collapses . FNP said repair work was already under way and that the stadium would be ready for its first Confederations Cup match , a Group B tie between Nigeria and Uruguay . It added that the roof structure of the Fonte Nova arena had passed resistance tests , and stressed that this was an isolated incident . However , it confirmed it would now carry out a major inspection of the stadium . The arena , in the north-east city of Salvador , was the third purpose-built stadium to be inaugurated ahead of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . It will host six games during the world football 's prestigious event and won praise when it passed its official test event last month . But the partial roof collapse is the type of public relations disaster Brazil is desperate to avoid . The South American country is already drawing extra global scrutiny as it hosts back-to-back major sporting events , with the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro following next year 's World Cup . Rio 's Maracana stadium , considered a cathedral of world football , finally reopened last month after a two-year , $ 500 million renovation . But the Joao Havelange Olympic stadium in Rio , which is due to host the track and field events at the Olympics and is also home to Botafogo football club , has been closed indefinitely after it was found to have major structural flaws . The Confederations Cup will also be a trial run of infrastructure -- from hotels to airports and urban transport . More than half a million tickets have already been sold and many fans will want to travel from one city to another to follow their team . The Confederations Cup pits continental champions against each other , with world champions Spain among the teams joining hosts Brazil . For football fans it is a chance to savor some end-of-season international action , but for Brazil -- which last staged the World Cup in 1950 -- it is a chance to prove it can again host a major sporting spectacle .	Part of the roof of a soccer stadium in Brazil collapses in heavy rain Owners of the Salvador stadium say "  human error " is to blame The stadium is due to host three Confederations Cup matches The tournament , which starts next month , is a warmup for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil
CNN  -- Twitter turns 7 on Thursday , and in some ways , it 's like a lot of 7-year-olds . The social-media platform can be bratty and combative . Its idea of a good conversation sometimes devolves into short bursts of shouting . It can have the attention span of a gnat , loving a shiny new plaything one day  ooh , Bronx Zoo 's Cobra !  and then forsaking it for another without a second thought . But it can also make you smile with the things it says . It can keep you more aware , and alert , than you 've ever been before . And it can make you look at the world around you in a different way . It 's easy to take shots at the microblogging site , which debuted March 21 , 2006 , when founder Jack Dorsey typed the words "  just setting up my twttr . "  Creators had considered that abbreviated style for the company 's name before settling on the full word . Anything with more than 200 million users who send out 400 million posts every day is going to have highs and lows . There are the silly trending hashtags , the badly spelled diatribes and , yes , as the cliched insult goes , even a few people who really do tweet about what they had for breakfast . Twitter founder wants to be NYC mayor But Twitter has also been a crucial tool for revolutionaries in Iran , Egypt and elsewhere . It 's been used to mobilize relief efforts and raise millions for charitable causes . It 's become a national water cooler for chatter about big televised events such as the Oscars and the Super Bowl . And while Twitter sometimes reveals the stupid side of celebrity culture , it 's also brought fans closer to their favorite actors , musicians , writers and athletes than was ever possible before . Twitter has , in fact , changed lives . So , in honor of its 7th birthday , we look at both the upside and the downside of Twitter use through seven people whose lives were changed by the site . Gilbert Gottfried If you do n't know that Gilbert Gottfried sometimes tells inappropriate jokes , then you probably have n't heard of Gilbert Gottfried . After all , this is the guy who once performed the nearly impossible task of offending the crowd at a Friar 's Club roast with a joke soon after 9/11 . So , when a tsunami hit Japan in 2011 , Gottfried did what he does : make jokes about it . This time on Twitter . "  I was talking to my Japanese real estate agent . I said ` is there a school in this area ? ' She said ` not now , but just wait , ' " went one . About an hour later , the comedian had lost his high-profile job as the grating voice of the Aflac duck . In an opinion piece for CNN last year  about another comedy controversy , no less  , Gottfried wrote that it 's a comedian 's job to push boundaries and that Aflac should n't have been surprised at the tweets . "  I 've been telling jokes like this for a very long time , so the reaction surprised me , " he wrote . "  It 's like eating Corn Flakes every day for years , and then one day you eat Corn Flakes and all hell breaks loose . " Kelly Oxford Oxford was a suburban mom from Alberta , Canada , who took to Twitter as an outlet for her wry observations on life . More than 450,000 followers later , she can add author and screenwriter to her credits . Her sardonic humor , with topics ranging from family life  "  How do you get a red wine stain off a baby ? "  to random observations  "  That ninja guy in the Black Eyed Peas has probably killed 64 people , right ? "  , gained her a following that includes Hollywood stars and other notables like talk-show host Jimmy Kimmel  now a friend  and film critic Roger Ebert . Now she 's sold her first screenplay , "  Son of a Bitch , " to Warner Bros. ; her book of essays , "  Everything 's Perfect When You 're a Liar , " is set to be released next month ; and she 's been hired to write a TV pilot . Justin Halpern His dad says funny stuff . Or , more accurately , funny sh*t .  Sorry , that 's as close as we can get  . So he created the Twitter account "  Sh*t My Dad Says " in 2009 to share it with the world . Two months later , he had millions of followers  the count now sits at 3.1 million  and a book deal with HarperCollins . That book hit No. 1 on the New York Times bestseller list and led to a short-lived CBS sitcom , "  $ # * ! My Dad Says , " starring William Shatner . Halpern still tweets out his dad 's best moments . His second book , "  I Suck at Girls , " was published last May . Sohaib Athar Athar was a 33-year-old "  IT consultant taking a break from the rat race by hiding in the mountains with his laptops , " according to his Twitter profile . That spot in the mountains was in Abbottabad , Pakistan , and on May 2 , 2011 , he tweeted about a curiosity . "  Helicopter hovering over Abbottabad at 1AM  is rare event  , " he wrote . Little did he know that , over the course of the next few hours , he 'd become possibly the world 's first person to unknowingly report on the death of terrorist Osama bin Laden at the hands of a U.S. Navy SEAL team . All of a sudden , news outlets from around the world were scrambling for interviews with him . His modest 750 Twitter followers ballooned to more than 105,000  they 've since settled back to about 64,000  . He continues to tweet from Abbottabad but has traveled extensively , including accepting an invitation to tell his story at last year 's South by Southwest Interactive festival in Austin , Texas . Anthony Weiner He claimed that he was hacked , and at first , some of us believed him . After all , could a U.S. congressman be so clueless ? Turns out ... In June 2011 , then-New York Rep. Weiner resigned after someone used his Twitter account to send suggestive photos to some of his female followers . At first , he lied , saying he 'd been hacked . But after a couple of frantic days , Weiner fessed up that he had been having inappropriate online relationships with women he met through social networking sites . How early Twitter decisions led to Weiner 's downfall He , perhaps wisely , also quit Twitter for a while . His first post since the scandal was in November , when he tweeted about Hurricane Sandy . The potential New York mayoral candidate 's most recent tweet , from February , suggests that he still may not have gotten the hang of the whole Twitter thing . "  Llp@, " it reads . Paraskevi Papachristou A Greek triple jumper , Papachristou was hours away from realizing her dream of becoming an Olympian . Then , on her way to last year 's London Games , she tweeted a joke : "  With so many Africans in Greece , the mosquitoes from the West Nile will at least be eating some homemade food . " Maybe it was supposed to be some kind of play on words . But it was quickly denounced as racially insensitive , or downright racist , by Twitter users . Greece 's Olympic committee condemned the tweet and ruled that she would not be allowed to participate in the games . For what it 's worth , Papachristou 's last tweet , from July 25 , expressed "  heartfelt apologies " for the joke , saying she "  could never believe in discrimination between human beings and races . " Ashton Kutcher Sure , Kutcher was already a TV and movie star when Twitter started up . But he became the first Twitter celebrity after joining in January 2009 , when the site was getting ready to make the leap from tech-savvy coffeehouse to household name . He got tons of publicity for becoming the site 's first user with 1 million followers -- a distinction he won after winning a race to seven figures with some news network called CNN . He also became a savvy investor in tech startups . But perhaps more importantly than sheer numbers -- he 's now 23rd on the site 's popularity list , with almost 14 million followers -- Kutcher seemed to be the first celebrity who understood the benefits of using Twitter to interact with fans .	On Twitter 's seventh anniversary , a look at seven lives changed by the site Everyday users have gotten book deals and TV shows due to their tweets But politicians , entertainers and athletes have fallen after bad Twitter decisions Twitter started on March 21 , 2006 , with a test post from founder Jack Dorsey
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Tensions ran high in the central Nigerian city of Jos on Sunday in the aftermath of an explosion outside a Catholic church that left six people dead , according to hospital and government officials . The apparent car bomb attack happened outside of St. Finbar 's Catholic Church , according to Plateau Gov. Jonah David Jang . A spokesman for the Plateau state government , Machias Abraham Yiljab , said three bodies were at the scene of the explosion . Ishaya Pam , chief medical director of the Jos University Teaching Hospital , said in a statement that the hospital had three bodies and was treating 14 people for wounds suffered in the explosion . He said additional people had been wounded in the blast , but had been treated and released . Images sent by Mark Lipdo , program coordinator for the Stefanos Foundation , showed a charred crater in the pavement , a vehicle bumper in the road and smoke rising in the distance . Stefanos is a foundation that aims to help persecuted Christians in Nigeria and elsewhere . After the explosion , youths took over a roadblock on the street leading to the church , and an agitated crowd of residents upset with the violence gathered nearby to talk with Jang . ` This is an unfortunate situation and we will do all we can to prevent future occurrences , " Jang said . "  We all must be calm and we all must leave things in the hands of God who knows why he has allowed this to happen . " iReport photo from the scene The explosion at St. Finbar 's church was the second in two weeks at a Christian church . On February 26 , a car packed with explosives rammed into the compound of the Cocin  Church of Christ  headquarters , killing three people . It was not clear if anyone had claimed responsibility for the attack . Nigeria has suffered a rash of attacks on churches and mosques in the last year . In December , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in several northern states following a series of Christmas Day attacks on churches . A shadowy Islamic militant group called Boko Haram has been frequently blamed for the violence on Christians , who have sometimes responded with reprisal attacks . In a statement issued by his spokesman , Jonathan urged residents to refrain from reprisal attacks . "  The President urges Nigerians not to despair or be discouraged by the persistence of the attacks in spite of government 's efforts to deal decisively with the menace of terrorism within the country 's borders because despite seeming appearances to the contrary , government is indeed winning the war against the terrorists and will continue to progressively destroy their ability to unleash murderous attacks on peaceful , law-abiding Nigerians , " spokesman Reuben Abati said in the statement .	Six people confirmed dead in Nigeria court attack Tensions run high after attack on a Catholic church The attack happened in Jos , the site of previous violence targeting Christians
LONDOND , England  CNN  -- Kate Winslet 's chances of winning her first Academy Award moved a step closer Thursday as she was nominated twice in the leading actress category of the British film industry 's annual awards . Kate Winlset has been nominated twice in the Baftas ' leading actress category . The Baftas are held two weeks before the Oscars and Winslet looks set to build on her success at the Golden Globes , where she picked up awards for "  The Reader " and "  Revolutionary Road . " "  Slumdog Millionaire , " a British film about an impoverished Indian teen who becomes a contestant on the Hindi version of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire , has been nominated for 11 Baftas after winning four Golden Globes . "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " featuring Brad Pitt as a man who ages in reverse , also received 11 nominations . Other big nomination winners were the "  The Dark Knight " featuring the late Heath Ledger with nine , Clint Eastwood 's "  Changeling " with eight and "  Frost/Nixon " six . Ledger , whose performance won a best supporting actor Golden Globe , has been nominated in the same category at the Baftas . In the Outstanding British Film category Slumdog was joined by the award-winning "  Hunger " , which documents the life of IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands , the comedy/thriller "  In Bruges , " "  Mamma Mia ! " and documentary "  Man on Wire . " Pitt , Slumdog 's young star Dev Patel , "  The Wrestler 's " Mickey Rourke , "  Frost/Nixon 's " Frank Langella and Sean Penn for "  Milk " have been nominated in the leading actor category . Winslet faces competition from Angelina Jolie for "  Changeling , " Kristin Scott Thomas for "  I 've Loved You So Long " and Meryl Streep in "  Doubt . " The February 8 Baftas will be hosted by BBC presenter and personality Jonathan Ross , who is returning to work this week after being suspended over a lewd phone call row .	Winslet receives two leading actress nominations at the Baftas Nominations come only days after she won two Golden Globes "  Slumdog Millionaire " and Brad Pitt film receive 11 nominations each
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China is using photocopied pages from a geography textbook for Vietnamese ninth-graders published 40 years ago to help win international support for its claim to the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea . The pages were among documents sent to the Secretary-General of the United Nations , Ban Ki-moon , with a request that they be circulated among the General Assembly 's 193 members . It 's the latest attempt by the Chinese to prove its ownership of an area that Vietnam also claims as its own , as ships from both countries allegedly jostle each other miles from land in the South China Sea . What 's in the Chinese papers ? The pages from the geography textbook are just some of the documents in the dossier , which include a map of the region , a note from 1958 and the cover of a World Atlas printed in 1972 . "  China sent the note to tell the international community the truth and set straight their understanding on the issue , " China 's deputy permanent representative to the United Nations , Wang Min , said , according to state news agency Xinhua . Beijing is trying to catch up with Vietnam , which has mounted an effective public relations campaign to convince the international community of the merits of its case , said Sam Bateman , senior fellow in the Maritime Security Program at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies  RSIS  at Nanyang Technological University . "  They 're trying to catch up lost ground , " he said . "  I think Vietnam has been winning the public relations battle over the past few weeks , ever since this incident blew up . " How did we get here ? The latest territorial row between Vietnam and China flared in May when China 's National Offshore Oil Corporation  CNOOC  moved the drilling rig near what China calls the Xisha Islands . In Vietnam they 're known as the Hoang Sa Islands . China claims CNOOC has been exploring the area for 10 years , and this latest drilling operation "  falls well within China 's sovereignty and jurisdiction . " Vietnam says the "  illicit " rig is placed in its exclusive economic zone and continental shelf , and has demanded China remove the rig , its vessels and resolve its maritime disputes . Both sides have been repeating the claims and demands , but neither has budged . The standoff at sea seems at least likely to continue until China removes the rig , as planned , on August 15 . Is a resolution likely ? Bateman said the issue was unlikely to be resolved by international arbitration as both countries would be reluctant to risk a negative ruling and potential outcry at home . Especially in the case of Vietnam , who he believes has a weaker claim to the region than China . "  Most objective , independent , international observers agree that China 's case for sovereignty over the Paracels is better than Vietnam 's for the very reasons that China has now set out in its submission to the U.N. , " Bateman said . He said the best course of action would be for Vietnam to concede ownership to China , and to negotiate concessions including access to fishing waters and an agreement to jointly develop oil and gas resources . "  Vietnam could negotiate concessions with China but unfortunately it 's probably getting increasingly unlikely as the Vietnamese government has locked itself into the idea that the Paracels are indisputably part of Vietnam and there would be a huge public outcry if they appeared now to be conceding sovereignty , " he said . Vietnam ` understandably caught out ' Euan Graham , another senior fellow at the RSIS at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore , said Vietnam was "  understandably caught out by the fact that China was seeking to press its claims . " Relations in the past few years had been good , he said , with agreement reached on a number of fronts that suggested the countries were moving towards a cooperative approach . "  I think the unilateral deployment of an oil rig that 's surrounded by a security cordon including naval ships and within the envelope of air cover clearly does n't pass the ` straight face ' test on setting up arrangements of a practical nature . I think it was clearly provocative in that sense , " he said , of the Chinese oil rig . Claims and counter claims In its "  position paper " to the U.N. , China accused Vietnamese boats of "  illegally and forcefully " disrupting the rig 's work by ramming Chinese government ships a total of 1,416 times . The note also claimed Vietnam sent "  frogmen and other underwater agents " to the area , and dropped "  large numbers of obstacles , including fishing nets and floating objects , in the waters . " In its own note to the U.N. last week , Vietnam accused China of "  seriously " violating its "  sovereign right " and repeated claims that Chinese ships "  rammed and sank " a Vietnamese fishing boat carrying 10 men . At the time , China said the vessel had been "  harassing " a Chinese fishing boat . Analysts say the claims and counter-claims are muddying what should be a clear approach to cooperation in the region , as laid out in the 1982 U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea . "  Even if it 's an area in dispute , there is in the U.N. Law of the Sea an obligation to enter into arrangements of a practical nature , " Graham said . Bateman agreed that the legal dispute over who owns what was stalling efforts to protect and develop the region . "  What I 'm concerned about is all this debate is leading nowhere in terms of establishing effective regimes for managing the South China Sea and its resources , " Bateman said . "  It 's taking us away from the effective cooperation that 's necessary because the reality is that I do n't think the sovereignty claims are ever going to be settled in the foreseeable future . "	China sends documents to the United Nations backing claim to Paracel Islands Vietnam also claims the region and is angry about alleged incursion into its territory Tensions flared after China sent an oil rig into disputed waters Both sides have accused the other of ramming their ships
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Former teen idol Leif Garrett posted a $ 10,000 bond Wednesday after spending two days in a jail on a drug charge , a Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman said . Garrett , 48 , was arrested Monday at a downtown Los Angeles train station after police found heroin in his shoe , spokesman Steve Whitmore said . He was 16 when he scored his first pop chart hit , "  Surfin ' USA , " in 1977 . It was followed by a four-year run of songs that kept young girls swooning and teens dancing . When deputies approached Garrett Monday morning at the Metrolink station , he was "  acting in a pronounced way , shaking and sweating , " Whitmore said . Garrett told them he was "  nervous around law enforcement because of other meetings with them in the past , " he said . The singer did jail time four years ago after he was arrested with heroin while he stood on a subway platform at another Los Angeles transit station . This time , Garrett told the officers that he had no drugs and he agreed to let them search him , Whitmore said . As they searched , Garrett told them he did have a little heroin in his shoe . "  That was found and it was black tar heroin , " Whitmore said . Garrett was taken to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station , where he was booked and held on bond . His court date is February 24 , Whitmore said . CNN 's Michelle Wright and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	L.A. County authorities : Leif Garrett posts $ 10,000 bond after two days in a jail Garrett was found with heroin and arrested Monday , sheriff 's spokesman says The former teen idol was arrested four years ago for possession of heroin Garrett was 16 when he scored his first pop chart hit , "  Surfin ' USA , " in 1977
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate approved a $ 1.15 billion measure Friday to fund a settlement initially reached between the Agriculture Department and minority farmers more than a decade ago . The 1997 Pigford v. Glickman case against the U.S. Agriculture Department was settled out of court 11 years ago . Under a federal judge 's terms dating to 1999 , qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias . "  This is much long overdue justice for black farmers , " said John Boyd , founder and president of the National Black Farmers Association . President Barack Obama issued a statement applauding the Senate 's decision and urging the House to follow-up on its efforts earlier this year , so he can sign the settlements into law . Officials are still working to resolve similar discrimination lawsuits filed against the U.S. Department of Agriculture by women and Latino farmers , according to Obama . "  While these legislative achievements reflect important progress , they also serve to remind us that much work remains to be done , " Obama said . In another statement , Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack called the settlements "  a major milestone in the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's efforts to turn the page on a sad chapter . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , also said the vote gives "  long-suffering Americans ... the closure that they deserve . " "  The agreement that we reached shows what can happen when Democrats and Republicans come together to do the right thing , " he said . The measure was approved by unanimous consent . The Senate also cleared -- in the same piece of legislation -- $ 3.4 billion to fund a separate settlement reached with the Department of Interior for mishandling of a trust fund managed for Native Americans . The bill also includes settlements for four water-right lawsuits filed by Native American tribes . In July , the House approved a war supplemental bill that included money to pay for the settlements . At the time , however , the Senate failed to approve the measure . Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , dropped an objection to the package this week after Senate leaders agreed not to finance it through additional deficit spending . Prominent members of both parties have voiced support for paying out the settlements . The measure will now have to be approved by the lame duck House before moving to Obama 's desk to be signed into law . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama administration lauds step to settle discrimination claims by blacks , Indians NEW : Officials are working to resolve similar lawsuits by women and Hispanics The Senate approved a roughly $ 1.15 billion settlement for minority farmers , sources say Black Farmers Association president calls the Senate action "  long overdue justice "
CEBU , Philippines  CNN  -- Amid the tropical heat of a Philippine prison , convicted murderers , rapists and drug dealers on Saturday paid tribute to Michael Jackson with a reprise of their YouTube dance hit , "  Thriller . " Inmates at the prison in Cebu perform their tribute to Michael Jackson Saturday . A rendition of Jackson 's 1980s smash hit by prisoners at the Cebu Detention and Rehabilitation Center in the central Philippines garnered more than 24 million views since 2007 , when prison supervisor Byron Garcia first uploaded it to the video-sharing Web site . The prison has since posted other dance videos , including performances to Van Halen 's "  Jump , " Queen 's "  Radio Ga Ga , " and Phil Oakey and Giorgio Moroder 's "  Together in Electric Dreams . " Jackson , known as the "  King of Pop , " died Thursday in Los Angeles , less than two weeks shy of the first in a series of comeback concerts in London , England . When he heard the news , Garcia , himself a fan of the 50-year-old pop icon , organized a free tribute performance by inmates for local people in the prison courtyard . Dancing was introduced at the prison in 2007 , as a means of rehabilitating prisoners at a facility once notorious for its gang problem . Watch the prisoners dance " Every able-bodied prisoner must dance . If they refuse , they lose privileges , mostly conjugal visits . According to Garcia , the dancing occupies up to five hours a day . However he rejected claims he 's abusing the prisoners ' rights by forcing them to dance so many hours a day . He said it gives them a renewed sense of worth and confidence , breaking them of their violent ways . He is convinced his prison is a model for prison authorities everywhere , an example of how to crack the plague of violent prison gangs . "  It brought back their self esteem . We have happy inmates now -- we do n't want to go back to the old jail where we had mad , sad inmates , " he said . In searing temperatures , 1,400 men in bright orange tracksuits performed the 15-minute "  Thriller " routine perfectly . They rehearsed for 10 hours the previous day , finally stopping at 3 a.m. to rest ahead of the show . The superbly-choreographed moves , energy and obvious enthusiasm of the prisoners had the audience -- swelled by journalists from around the world -- captivated the audience . Several inmates even invited people from the crowd to dance with them . "  I never thought I would ever find myself dancing with a prisoner , " one excited local said . A local journalist even described the performance as Asia 's best way of paying tribute to Jackson . Garcia , who says the prison has witnessed no violence in three years , paid tribute to the performers . "  I 'm so proud of them , " he said . "  They got the dance exactly right . " Although it was "  probably wishful thinking , " he added that he had actually wanted Michael Jackson to come to Cebu to dance and play the role himself . "  Now it 's not going to happen , " he said mournfully . Convicted robber Mavin Cabido , 23 , said : "  I feel so sad as we idolize him really . The moonwalk is my favorite -- I like that . "	Their 2007 rendition of "  Thriller " has attracted 24 million views on YouTube Prison supervisor Byron Garcia first uploaded it to the video-sharing site Dancing introduced to prison as a means of rehabilitation
United Nations  CNN  -- South Korea has formally asked the U.N. Security Council for action over what it says was North Korea 's sinking of one of its warships in March , the Mexico U.N. mission said . A letter from South Korea arrived in the offices of Mexico , which holds the current council presidency . Ambassador Claude Heller , Security Council president from Mexico , said Korea delivered a letter requesting the body take action . He said the letter will be circulated to council members and the council will respond appropriately after consulting with other members . South Korea investigated the incident and says a North Korean mini-sub fired torpedoes at the Cheonan naval ship and killed 46 people . North Korea denies it attacked the vessel and called the probe a farce . South Korea President Lee Myung-bak , who announced the move in Singapore at a security conference , said North Korea "  must admit its wrongdoing . It must pledge to never again engage in such reprehensible action . " "  If we think that after a while North Korea 's action will be condoned and that stability on the Korean Peninsula will somehow be maintained then we would be foolling ourselves because North Korea would once again resort back to attacking others . "	South Korea formally asks the U.N. Security Council for action over warship sinking It says a North Korean mini-sub fired torpedoes at the ship and killed 46 people
CNN  -- A $ 5 million prize for excellence in African leadership was awarded to former Cape Verde President Pedro Verona Pires in London on Monday . Pires was recognized for helping transform the government and economy of Cape Verde , according to the Mo Ibrahim Prize Committee . "  The Prize Committee has been greatly impressed by President Pedro Pires 's vision in transforming Cape Verde into a model of democracy , stability and increased prosperity , " said committee chairman Salim Ahmed Salim . Under Pires ' presidency , Cape Verde became the second African country to graduate from the United Nations ' list of least developed countries . Launched in 2007 , the Mo Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership is awarded to candidates who demonstrate "  good governance and great leadership " during their time in office , according to a statement from the Mo Ibrahim Foundation . Democratically elected African presidents and prime ministers who have left office within the last three years are eligible for the prize . In the last two years , the London-based foundation has decided not to award the prize because the committee could not select a winner . The $ 5 million prize is distributed over 10 years . Winners also receive an additional $ 200,000 a year for life . The seven-member Ibrahim Prize Committee is chaired by Salim , the former Prime Minister of Tanzania , and includes global figures such as Graca Machel , wife of Nelson Mandela , and Mary Robinson , former president of Ireland and former U.N. high commissioner for human rights . Previous winners of the award include Botswana ex-President Festus Mogae in 2008 and Mozambique ex-President Joaquim Chissano in 2007 . Ibrahim , a Sudanese-born telecommunications businessman and billionaire , created the foundation bearing his name in 2006 . The foundation uses 88 criteria to rate the governing of African countries . According to the 2011 index , the top-governed African nations are Mauritius , Cape Verde , Botswana , Seychelles and South Africa .	Mo Ibrahim Prize winners receive $ 5 million and $ 200,000 a year for life Committee : Pedro Verona Pires reformed Cape Verde 's government and economy Pires is the first winner in three years
CNN  -- The 63-year-old bearded fireplug of a man erupted in tears , pulled a white handkerchief from his back pocket , carefully unfolded it and pressed it into his eyes , pulled it away , pressed it again to his eyes , this time with more force , pulled it away again just long enough to take a sip of water , then rubbed them again . Lula da Silva gets a kiss from bid committee president Carlos Arthur Nuzman after the announcement Friday . "  I 've never won a gift before , " Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva told reporters . "  The first gift I ever had in my life I had to buy . It was an old bike with a broken belt and I had to fix it . Today , people who do n't even know me gave me the greatest gift that a president could have : to host the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro . Rio deserves this because Rio is a city that has suffered . " For Lula da Silva , Friday 's announcement in Copenhagen , Denmark , that Rio de Janeiro will host the 31st Olympiad in 2016 signified a major achievement not only for his hemisphere  no city in South America has ever before hosted the games  but for him -- a former autoworker and union organizer who defied dizzying odds to become president . Lula da Silva was born to a peasant family in one of northeastern Brazil 's most impoverished areas and migrated as a young man to a city near So Paulo , where he worked as a metalworker , losing his left pinky finger in the process . In the 1970s , he became a union leader , said Luiz Valente , chairman of the department of Portuguese and Brazilian studies at Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island . During the years of military rule from 1964 until 1985 , the government cracked down on unions . But Lula da Silva acquired a reputation as a public figure by leading a successful strike in So Paulo , Valente told CNN in a telephone interview . "  He was able to negotiate a favorable contract for his union but , from a political standpoint , he demonstrated that worker strikes were possible again in Brazil , " Valente said . During the early 1980s , as the military rulers ' grip on control loosened , Lula da Silva helped found the leftist Workers ' Party . In the late 1980s , he ran for Congress and won , but he chose not to run for re-election . Instead , he set his sights on the top job , waging a losing presidential campaign in 1989 , the country 's first presidential election since 1960 . Successive tries in 1993 and 1997 were unsuccessful , but in 2001 , he won and quickly surprised many observers . "  When he began , he was perceived as someone very much on the left , " said Valente . "  He was perceived as being a socialist . However , he has not governed as a socialist . Instead , his economic policies were a continuation of the previous administration 's . " In fact , Brazil 's economic policy has been "  pretty much middle of the road , some people would say pretty conservative , " said Valente , who added that he has never voted for Lula da Silva . But Lula da Silva has worked to help the country 's poor , introducing populist measures intended to lower the incidence of poverty and making other moves , Valente said . "  As a union leader during the military dictatorship , he learned how to negotiate with the so-called enemy , " Valente said . "  So Lula is going to try to reach some kind of consensus , and he did . What he did was not a product of ideology but of a pragmatist attitude of the government of Brazil . " Lula da Silva 's moderate modus operandi has gained him popularity at home , where he has made no moves toward abolishing the term limits that preclude his running for a third term next year , Valente said . That pragmatism has served him well on the international front , where he is on good terms with the leftist governments of Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador as well as with the United States and the European Union . "  Lula knows how to play the game , " Valente said . Like Brazil 's president , Rio did not succeed on its first try , having been rejected in an earlier bid -- which inspired planners to be meticulous , Valente said . "  They were very well-prepared , " he said . Indeed , the city two years ago hosted the Pan-American Games , which officials looked on as a trial run for the Olympics , he said . "  Everything ran without a hitch , " said Valente . "  It was just a beautiful event . " Lula 's waterworks were no surprise to his countrymen , the professor said . "  He 's a very emotional guy and Brazilians tend to be emotional . They 're certainly not ashamed of showing their emotions ... It 's not unusual for Brazilian men to cry in situations like that . Brazilians actually like to see men cry . They think it 's good to show your emotions . " Watch the reaction as Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , is named host city for the 2016 Olympics " "  He always cries when he talks of his mother , who never saw him become president , " said Fabiana Frayssinet , CNN 's correspondent in Rio de Janeiro . "  He 's a man who cries , who gets mad . He 's an emotional man who says what he thinks whenever he wants . " Emotions were on display Friday on Copacabana beach in Rio , where thousands of people flocked on the first sunny day after two weeks of rain and atypically cold weather . "  It was a mix of the end of a football championship with a ... carnival and all the Brazilian festivals , " Frayssinet said .	Lula da Silva calls announcement "  the greatest gift that a president could have " Brazil 's president rose from metalworker to union organizer to politician His election to the presidency in 2001 came after three unsuccessful tries Rio 's hosting the Pan-American Games was seen as a trial run for the Olympics
CNN  -- Just days after an arson attack left a Bolivian radio personality in critical condition , police arrested four suspects . Now , the victim 's family says , comes the real test : Will investigators uncover the mastermind behind the attack ? The daylight attack on Radio Popular , a small FM station in the southern city of Yacuiba , happened Monday , as owner and host Fernando Vidal was on air conducting an interview . Four men forced their way into the radio station , said Vidal 's son-in-law , Esteban Farfan . Two entered the studio . Listeners heard live on the radio the gunshot of one of the men , and the ensuing scuffle between Vidal and one of the intruders , while the other poured gasoline on him and his equipment . They lit Vidal on fire and fled . Read more : Bolivia weighs regulating social media The 70-year-old radio personality , a former mayor and councilman , survived , but remains in critical condition with burns to his face and body , Farfan said . Another employee in the room , Karen Arze , suffered burns to a lesser extent and also is hospitalized , he said . Others escaped the radio station through the windows . The assault sparked international condemnation . It was a "  vicious and brazen " attack , the spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said . Three men were arrested the next day as they tried to cross the border into Argentina , just miles from Yacuiba . They were charged preliminarily in connection with the attack , police commander Orlando Gongora said . A fourth suspect was arrested Wednesday and is awaiting a formal preliminary charge , he said . Police worked for 48 hours straight to identify the attackers , Gongora said . But Vidal 's family insists that the incident has deeper roots . Read more : Bolivian officials , mutinous police continue talks "  The police  have done the easiest thing -- to arrest the four suspected attackers , " Farfan said . "  Now we need to reveal the masterminds behind this . " Vidal is an outspoken and respected journalist who made enemies with his opinions , Farfan said . A leftist , Vidal was once close to President Evo Morales , but the journalist broke off his support over what he described as the president 's turn to authoritarianism . He is a relentless critic of corruption , Farfan said . He calls out politicians who allegedly grow their personal bank accounts with state funds and routinely calls for investigations into corruption . At the time of the attack , Vidal was interviewing two guests on the topic of smuggling in the border area , leading to initial speculation that an organized crime group tied to the smuggling was behind the incident . But that explanation seems too convenient to Farfan . He believes that political opponents had a role in the attack against his father-in-law . "  The message is clear , " Farfan said . "  The attackers  want to shut us up . " But the cash-strapped station borrowed equipment and was back on the air less than 24 hours after the attack . The police commander is aware of the theories that someone ordered the attack on Vidal , but said it 's too early in the investigation to know for sure . For police , the motive and any affiliation the four suspects may have with organized crime or other interests remains unknown . Before their arrests this week , the suspects had been in trouble with the law before , but only for minor robbery charges , the commander said . That does n't make sense to Farfan . "  The question is : Who would benefit from Fernando Vidal 's commentaries being silenced ? "	Attackers lit Fernando Vidal on fire during an assault on his radio station The 70-year-old is in critical condition Police have arrested four suspects in the case But Vidal 's family says there must be a mastermind behind the brutal attack
A federal judge on Wednesday denied Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's bid to move the location of his upcoming trial , even while moving back its scheduled start date . Explaining his decision to have a jury weigh Tsarnaev 's fate near where the bombings and subsequent violent incidents with police occurred , U.S. District Judge George O'Toole said , "  Although the media coverage in this case has been extensive , at this stage the defendant has failed to show that it has so inflamed and pervasively prejudiced the pool that a fair and impartial jury can not be impaneled in the  eastern division of the District of Massachusetts  . " O'Toole 's ruling means that the trial in one of the most scarring episodes in Boston history will stay in Boston . With his older brother Tamerlan , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of planting two explosives hidden inside backpacks on April 15 , 2013 , along downtown Boston 's busy Boylston Street near the marathon 's finish line . The bombs exploded 12 seconds apart , killing 8-year-old Martin Richard , 29-year-old Krystle Campbell and Lingzi Lu , a Boston University graduate student from China , and injuring more than 200 others . Mourning , resolve and quest for answers after deadly bombs Three days later , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer named Sean Collier was shot and killed on campus -- allegedly by the bombing suspects . Then , early on April 19 , authorities say the Tsarnaev brothers hijacked a car in nearby Cambridge , then exchanged gunfire and thew explosives out the window when police began to chase them . Tamerlan Tsarnaev died in that exchange . His younger brother was n't found until the next day , bloodied and in a boat parked in a Watertown , Massachusetts , backyard . The marathon bombings and subsequent manhunt spurred intense media coverage in Massachusetts and beyond . "  Boston Strong " became an often repeated mantra in the region as locals rallied in support of one another and in opposition to those behind the violence . The attention spurred Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to ask for his trial to be moved out of Massachusetts , his lawyers arguing "  that pretrial publicity and public sentiment " jeopardized his opportunity for a fair trial . O'Toole shot down the defense case on several grounds , including the argument that 12 impartial jurors could n't be found in the area . He noted that Massachusetts ' eastern federal district has about 5 million people . "  It stretches the imagination to suggest that an impartial jury can not be successfully selected from this large pool of potential jurors , " the judge wrote . It 's not like only Massachusetts residents know about this case , he added . For a time , this was a huge international story -- meaning that people from coast-to-coast , and not just around Boston , might have formed opinions about it he said . "  It is doubtful whether a jury could be selected anywhere in the country whose members were wholly unaware of the marathon bombings , " O'Toole said . Tsarnaev faces more than 30 federal charges tied to the entire episode , including using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death . Bomb suspect pleads not guilty Federal prosecutors announced earlier this year that they will seek the death penalty against him , arguing he acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner " and lacks remorse . While Tsarnaev was n't able to move his trial location , he did win -- at least partially -- in one regard Wednesday : His trial date has been delayed . The defense had asked that the trial be pushed back from November 3 to September 1 , 2015 , due to the large volume of information -- or "  discovery " -- in the case . O'Toole delayed the trial until January 5 , 2015 , not long after the final pretrial conference hearing set for December 18 .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused in the Boston Marathon bombing , killing police officer He wants to move the trial out of Massachusetts , saying he ca n't get a fair trial there A judge denies his request , saying an "  impartial jury " can be impaneled in the area Tsarnaev 's trial is being delayed , though , until early next year
CNN  April , come she will . Or he . While we do n't yet know the gender of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's second baby , we now know the royal couple will become parents in April 2015 . "  Their Royal Highnesses The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to confirm they are expecting a baby in April 2015 , " the website of the Prince of Wales announced Monday . As during her first pregnancy , Catherine continues to suffer from hyperemesis gravidarum , the palace said . The condition involves nausea and vomiting more severe than the typical morning sickness many women suffer during early pregnancy . But she is doing better , the palace said . The couple 's first child , Prince George , was born in July 2013 . The second child will become fourth in line to the British throne . Ladbrokes , a British online betting company , said Monday that bettors are placing their odds on baby No. 2 to be a girl . The heavy favorite for a name ? Elizabeth .	The gender is still unknown Catherine continues to suffer from hyperemesis gravidarum The couple 's first child , Prince George , was born in July 2013 Online betting company says bettors are placing their odds on baby No. 2 to be a girl
ANTIOCH , California  CNN  -- Investigators found another bone on property belonging to kidnapping suspects Phillip and Nancy Garrido on Friday , as they scoured the yard for possible clues to the abductions of two other girls about 20 years ago , officials said . Police search for evidence relating to missing girls Ilene Misheloff and Michaela Garecht . At an afternoon news conference , authorities revealed that the bone was discovered as crews broke up concrete on the property . Hayward police Lt. Chris Orrey said it will take time to determine whether the bone came from an animal or a human . The search Friday at the property in unincorporated Contra Costa County involved the use of ground-penetrating radar , which showed irregularities in an area of the yard where cadaver dogs working separately showed interest Thursday , investigators said . See how ground-penetrating radar works " The Garridos face a combined 29 felony counts in connection with the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , then 11 , from South Lake Tahoe , California . Authorities say the couple held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years and have said Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , fathered her two children . Police from Hayward and Dublin , California , on Tuesday began executing search warrants simultaneously on the Garrido property and an adjacent property that he had access to . They are seeking any evidence in the 1988 abduction of 9-year-old Michaela Garecht of Hayward and the 1989 disappearance of 13-year-old Ilene Misheloff of Dublin . Both agencies have said that , although Garrido has not been named a suspect in either case , he can not be eliminated as a suspect . Orrey said "  boxes and boxes " of writings by Phillip Garrido were also recovered on the property and were being taken off-site so investigators "  can look through every single page . " Little work will be conducted at the site over the weekend , Orrey said , but investigators will remain on the property to ward off trespassers , who have been spotted there in the past few weeks . When the search resumes Monday , two kinds of search dogs will be brought in , authorities said : cadaver dogs and archaeological dogs . Cadaver dogs detect decomposing matter , investigators said , and archaeological dogs search for older material . Earlier Friday , Orrey said the dogs would not return to the area until after it was cleared of debris . "  We just want to have all of the areas clear so they can do another sweep of the entire properties , " she said . Authorities also plan to continue searching the Garrido house , which county building inspectors have condemned as unsafe to occupy , Orrey said . On Wednesday , authorities said they had found bones on both the Garrido property and the adjacent property but did not know whether they were animal or human . Another bone fragment was found on the adjacent property last week .	NEW : Radar shows irregularities in yard where cadaver dogs alerted NEW : Another bone found as crews broke up concrete on the property Phillip and Nancy Garrido are accused of abducting Jaycee Dugard Ilene Misheloff ,13 , went missing in 1989 and Michaela Garecht , 9 , in 1988
CNN  -- The adoptive parents of a child born with male and female organs say South Carolina mutilated their son by choosing a gender and having his male genitalia surgically removed . The surgery took place when the child was 16 months old and a ward of the state , according to a lawsuit filed by the parents against three doctors and several members of the South Carolina Department of Social Services . The child 's biological mother was deemed unfit , and the biological father had apparently abandoned him , according to the suit . So others made the decision . The child , now 8 years old , feels more like a boy and "  wants to be a normal boy , " said Pamela Crawford , the boy 's adoptive mother . "  It 's become more and more difficult , just as his identity has become more clearly male , the idea that mutilation was done to him had become more and more real , " she said in a video released by the Southern Poverty Law Center , which is assisting in the case . "  There was no medical reason that this decision had to be made at this time . " Marilyn Matheus , a spokeswoman for the South Carolina Department of Social Services , said the agency does not have any comment on the pending litigation . The defendants named in the suit also include doctors from Medical University of South Carolina and Greenville Memorial Hospital . Sandy Dees , a spokeswoman for the Greenville Health System , said she could not comment because of the litigation . Assigned to be a girl , but identifying as a boy The child , identified in the lawsuit as "  M.C. , " refuses to be called a girl and lives as a boy . His family , friends , school , religious leaders and pediatrician support his identity . "  We just let him follow his instincts as much as we can , " his adoptive father , John Mark Crawford , said in the video . Pamela Crawford said performing gender assignment surgery on a baby robbed her child of the ability to make the decision for himself . "  I would have never made the decision to choose the gender either way , " she said . "  What I would have been working with is how do we preserve as much functioning in either direction because we ca n't know what this child 's gender identity is going to be . " The lawsuit claims doctors at a state hospital and Department of Social Services workers "  decided to remove M.C. 's healthy genital tissue and radically restructure his reproductive organs in order to make his body appear to be female . " The suit says the surgery violated the 14th Amendment , which says that no state shall "  deprive any person of life , liberty , or property without due process of law . " The suit also asks for "  compensatory damages in an amount to be determined at trial . " But the adoptive father said the real intent of the lawsuit "  is just to uphold these constitutional principles -- integrity of a person 's body , and some kind of due process for infants where people around them in power are considering doing surgeries like this . " Pamela Crawford agreed . "  I would give anything for this to not have been done to our child , " she said . "  I do n't want it to happen to any more kids . "	"  M.C. " was born with both male and female organs As a baby , he was in state custody when doctors removed his male genitalia The child , now 8 years old , is living as a boy and refuses to be called a girl State social services agency and a hospital spokeswoman decline to comment
Washington  CNN  -- Partisan tempers flared at a Senate immigration hearing on Monday as top Democrats accused opponents of comprehensive reform legislation of using last week 's Boston Marathon bombings to slow or even derail the bill . "  Last week , opponents of comprehensive immigration reform began to exploit the Boston marathon bombing , " said Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . "  I urge restraint in that regard . ... Let no one be so cruel as to try to use the heinous attacks of these two young men last week to derail the dreams and futures of millions of hard-working people , " Leahy added . He said the bill crafted by the bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " would "  serve to strengthen our national security by allowing us to focus our border security and enforcement efforts against those who would do us harm . " "  A nation as strong as ours can welcome the oppressed and persecuted without making compromises in our security , " he said . "  We are capable of vigilance in our pursuit of these values , and we have seen the tremendous work that the local law enforcement as well as the federal law enforcement have done in the Boston area , and I am so proud of them . " Boston bombings cast shadow on immigration debate Leahy 's statement , delivered at the start of the hearing , was met with a sharp response from the panel 's top Republican . "  I want you to take note of the fact that when you proposed gun legislation , I did n't accuse you of using the  Newtown , Connecticut ,  killings as an excuse , " said Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa . "  I do n't hear any criticism ... when there  were  14 people killed in West , Texas , and  some political activists took  advantage of that tragedy to warn about more government action to make sure that fertilizer factories are safe , " Grassley said . "  I think we are taking advantage of an opportunity when , once in 25 years we deal with immigration , to make sure that every base is covered , " he added . Grassley became visibly agitated later in the hearing when Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said "  those who are pointing to what happened -- the terrible tragedy in Boston --  are looking for an  excuse for not doing a bill or delaying it many months or a year . " "  I never said that ! " Grassley yelled in response , interrupting Schumer . "  I did n't say you did , sir , " Schumer replied . "  I did n't mean you , Mr. Grassley . " Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions then accused Schumer of "  demeaning " anti-reform witnesses at the hearing , partly by characterizing them as representatives of narrow interests . Schumer , in turn , insisted that "  what I am saying is , if there are things that come up as a result of what happened in Boston that need improving , that require improvement , let 's add them to the bill because certainly our bill tightens up things in a way that would make a Boston less likely . " Opinion : Boston bombing should n't derail immigration reform "  That is all I am saying , " Schumer concluded , "  because I have heard lots of calls from people out in the country saying delay it . " Separately , Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , sent a letter Monday to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , urging a delay of any immigration legislation until more is learned about the alleged Boston bombers . "  We should not proceed until we understand the specific failures of our immigration system , " Paul wrote . "  Why did the current system allow two individuals to immigrate to the United States from ... an area known as a hotbed of Islamic extremism , who then committed acts of terrorism ? " Asked about the letter , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney dismissed Paul 's concern , arguing that "  comprehensive immigration reform , as anyone who has looked into it can attest , would enhance our security . " Among other things , the bill now under consideration would prevent undocumented residents from gaining legal status if they have been found guilty of felonies or more than two misdemeanors . Monday 's hearing was the second by the Judiciary Committee on the nearly 900-page proposal put together by the eight senators . Over twenty witnesses were slated to testify , a schedule characterized by Sessions as part of a plan "  to rush through this massive legislation before the American people know what 's in it . " Opinion : Do n't blame immigration for Boston bombings The first hearing , held last Friday , was also marked by several references to security fears raised by the recent bombings . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is scheduled to testify before the panel Tuesday . Assuming the immigration bill clears Leahy 's committee , full Senate consideration of the legislation will probably occur in June , according to multiple sources . A bipartisan group of legislators in the House of Representatives is crafting its own immigration reform proposal .	Sen. Rand Paul seeks delay in immigration bill 's consideration until more known about Boston bombings GOP Sen. Chuck Grassley gets angry during remarks by Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer Democratic Sen. Pat Leahy says immigration reform opponents exploited the Boston bombings Grassley : Gun control backers used Newtown killings to push for restrictions
OPRAH.com  -- Four years ago , when Oprah managed to get down to a trim and fit 160 pounds , she thought she 'd hit on a foolproof formula for permanent weight loss . Then life -- in the form of a thyroid problem and a killer schedule -- intervened . Last year she was back up to the 200-pound mark and knew something had to change . After a desperately needed time-out to reflect and recharge , here 's what she 's learned , what she 's doing differently , and what 's next . Oprah Winfrey attends a gala on December 3 , 2008 in New York City . You know how bad you feel when you have a special event , a reunion , a wedding , a bar mitzvah , and you wanted to lose that extra 10 to 40 pounds , and you did n't do it ? So the day comes and now you 've got to try to find something to wear that makes you feel halfway decent , and you have to figure out how to hold in your stomach all night and walk backward out of the room so no one sees that your butt keeps moving even when you stop . Multiply that feeling by a million -- make that more than 2.4 million for every O reader -- and you 'll know how I 've felt over the past year every time I had to shoot a cover for O . If you 're a regular subscriber , you 'll notice you 've not seen a head-to-toe shot all year . Why ? Because I did n't want to be seen . " In 1992 I reached my heaviest , 237 pounds . I was 38 . Then , four years ago , I made it a goal to lose weight , and I appeared on the January 2005 cover at a toned 160 pounds . I thought I was finished with the weight battle . I was done . I 'd conquered it . I was so sure , I was even cocky . I had the nerve to say to friends who were struggling , "  All you have to do is work out harder and eat less ! Get your 10,000 steps in ! None of that starchy stuff ! " Bam ! Karma is a bear of a thing . So here I stand , 40 pounds heavier than I was in 2006 .  Yes , you 're adding correctly ; that means the dreaded 2-0-0 .  I 'm mad at myself . I 'm embarrassed . I ca n't believe that after all these years , all the things I know how to do , I 'm still talking about my weight . I look at my thinner self and think , "  How did I let this happen again ? " Oprah.com : How to prevent weight gain relapse It happened slowly . In February 2007 , at 53 , I started to have some health issues . At first I was unable to sleep for days . My legs started swelling . My weight started creeping up , first 5 pounds , then 10 pounds . I was lethargic and irritable . My internal clock seemed totally out of whack . I began having rushing heart palpitations every time I worked out . Okay , I 've never loved daily exercise , but this was different . I actually developed a fear of working out . I was scared that I would pass out . Or worse . I felt as if I did n't know my own body anymore . After many trips to various doctors , I received a diagnosis . I had hyperthyroidism  an overactive thyroid that can speed up metabolism and cause weight loss -- but of course did n't make me lose a single pound  and then gradually started moving into hypothyroidism  a sluggish metabolism that can cause fatigue and weight gain  . My doctor prescribed medication and warned me that I must "  learn to embrace hunger " or I would immediately gain weight . Believe me , no part of me was prepared to embrace hunger . It seemed as if the struggle I 'd had with weight my entire adult life was now officially over . I felt completely defeated . I thought , "  I give up . I give up . Fat wins . " All these years I 'd had only myself to blame for lack of willpower . Now I had an official , documented excuse . The thyroid diagnosis felt like some kind of prison sentence . I was so frustrated that I started eating whatever I wanted -- and that 's never good . My drug of choice is food . I use food for the same reasons an addict uses drugs : to comfort , to soothe , to ease stress . I switched doctors and still gained weight . At one point I was on three medications : one for heart palpitations , another for high blood pressure , another to moderate my thyroid . Who knew this tiny butterfly gland at the base of the throat had so much power ? When it 's off , your whole body feels the effects . I followed my doctor 's orders to the letter  except for the part about working out  . I took the prescribed medication religiously at the same time each day . Oprah.com : The truth about your thyroid Being medicated , though necessary , made me feel as if I were viewing life through a veil . I felt like an invalid . Everything was duller . I felt like the volume on life got turned down . I realized this to some extent , but I was n't fully aware of the effect of the medication until I had a conversation with my friend Bob Greene . He 'd given up lecturing me about working out and eating well , but we were walking together one day and he said , "  I think something 's wrong . You 're listless . Your movements are slower , even when you 're just doing normal stuff . Twice I 've told you something and you do n't remember it . There 's no sparkle in your eyes . I think you 're in some sort of depression . " Greene talks about Oprah 's struggle " Me -- depressed ? I had n't thought I was , but definitely something was off . I felt like the life force was being sucked out of me . I always had an excuse for being tired . It took extra effort to do everything . I did n't want to go anywhere , and I did n't want to be seen any more than I had to . I could oversee a show and a magazine that tell people how to live their best lives , but I definitely was n't setting an example . I was talking the talk , but I was n't walking the walk . And that was very disappointing to me . Immediately after that conversation with Bob , I called my doctor . "  All this medicine is making my life feel like a flat line , " I said . So my doctor slowly weaned me off it , except for one aspirin a day .  By the way , never suddenly stop taking prescribed medication , especially heart and blood pressure medication , without checking with your physician .  That choice was the beginning of my road back to health -- and back to myself . Oprah.com : Oprah 's Best Life Week begins January 5 By Oprah Winfrey from "  O , The Oprah Magazine " , January 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Oprah Winfrey has launched series to help you live your best life A thyroid problem lead to a weight gain and other health problems , she writes She says her stress and frustration led to more eating After a friend pointed out her depression , she took positive steps
Mashable  -- UK artist Banksy , he of the guerilla techniques and ever-increasing popularity , is about to be unceremoniously identified to the highest bidder in an eBay auction , which ends Wednesday . At press time , the winning bidder is offering one slim dollar shy of a million . Bidding started at $ 3,000 ; the auction has had 38 bids . In the listing , the seller states , "  I have uncovered -LSB- Banksy 's -RSB- identity by matching up the prices of his sold pieces to corresponding tax records . I will reveal no more details ... I give you 100 % assurance that it is most certainly the full name of the street artist known as ` Banksy . ' " The seller also says that eBay had previously terminated his auction because he was selling an intangible good ; the seller is now technically offering for auction a piece of paper containing Banksy 's legal name . The party offering Banksy 's identity is hardly a power seller , having a fairly sparse but mostly positive record that dates back to 2001 . At this time , we have no way of determining whether the winning bidder is being taken to the cleaners to the tune of $ 1 million or whether the seller is legitimately peddling an exclusive glimpse into the identity of a public figure who clearly wants to be anything but public . However , we read on the artist 's website that not all Banksy work that is sold necessarily corresponds to the artist himself . CNN : Banksy still hiding in plain sight "  Banksy neither produces or profits from the sale of greeting cards , mugs or photo canvases of his work , " the site reads . "  He is not represented by any of the commercial galleries that sell his paintings secondhand . " Banksy gained a bit of stateside exposure in October 2010 when he directed an opening sequence for "  The Simpsons . " What do you think of this auction ? Would you want to know Banksy 's identity , or do you think he deserves to live privately and relatively anonymously ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments .  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	eBay seller claims to know identity of anonymous UK artist Banksy and will auction it to highest bidder At press time , top bid was just shy of $ 1 million Seller is auctioning a piece of paper containing what he claims is Banksy 's legal name
Madrid  CNN  -- Pilots for the Spanish airline Iberia resumed their strikes on Monday , forcing the cancellation of 124 flights , in a grievance over the company 's new low-cost carrier , Iberia Express . The pilots see a threat to their jobs or working conditions from the budget airline , which started flying on March 25 despite 12 one-day pilots ' strikes earlier this year . The earlier strikes cost the company 36 million euros  $ 47 million  . Now the pilots have planned 30 more one-day strikes , every Monday and Friday , through July 20 . On Monday , the 124 canceled flights were 38 % of Iberia 's 330 scheduled flights , a percentage of cancellations similar to the earlier strikes . Iberia , which had advance notice of Monday 's strike , tried to place passengers , many returning from Easter vacations , on alternative flights . Iberia lost 98 million euros  $ 129 million  last year , especially on short and medium-range flights in Spain and nearby in Europe . It launched Iberia Express aiming to cut the costs of operating those routes , an Iberia spokeswoman said . But a spokeswoman for the pilots union said the new budget airline violates key points of a previous agreement between pilots and Iberia . The union has offered for pilots to take deep salary cuts if flying for Iberia Express , but negotiations broke off last month . Iberia has filed a court complaint , seeking to stop the strikes and demanding compensation . A ruling could still be weeks away . Iberia employs about 1,400 pilots . The airline has made deals with most other employees regarding the budget carrier . Iberia Express currently serves just four routes , all in Spain : Madrid to Palma de Mallorca , Malaga , Seville and Alicante . But by the end of this year , it expects to carry 2.5 million passengers to 20 destinations , including Dublin , Ireland ; Amsterdam , Netherlands ; and Naples , Italy . The company would have 14 planes and 500 employees .	Iberia pilots plan a one-day strike every Monday and Friday until July They see a threat to their jobs or working conditions from budget airline Iberia Express Monday 's strike led to 124 canceled flights , 38 % of Iberia 's scheduled flights Iberia has filed a court complaint against the pilots ; a ruling could still be weeks away
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Ireland 's top Roman Catholic cleric , Cardinal Sean Brady , was under mounting pressure to resign Friday amid renewed allegations about his role in dealing with the sexual abuse of children by priests . A British television documentary repeated claims made in 2010 that Brady was told of attacks by pedophile priest Father Brendan Smyth in 1975 but did not inform police or the parents of the victims . The documentary also claimed that Brady , then a priest , had a greater role in the church investigation of the Smyth allegations than he has admitted . New details and documents also were produced . Responding to the BBC program , Brady repeated his defense that he had done his job by passing details of all allegations to his superiors . He told CNN that he felt "  betrayed " when he discovered that church officials had taken no action against Smyth , who continued to abuse children for years throughout Ireland and in the United States . Smyth was eventually imprisoned and has since died . Brady has accepted that during the 1970s , he was "  part of an unhelpful culture of deference and silence in society and the church , " but he has insisted he does not intend to resign . The Catholic Church in Ireland said Friday that a previous request from Brady for Pope Benedict XVI to send a bishop to help him with his work would be "  reactivated . " Calls continued from abuse victims and lawmakers in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland for Brady to step down . Abuse survivor Jon McCourt told CNN that further inquiries should be made into Brady 's role . "  Many people have been prosecuted for a lot less and served years in prison , " he said . "  At the very least , an investigation should be carried out . The law is the law , there was no immunity . He was legally obliged to inform the authorities , and not doing so has caused a lot of people a lot of pain . " One of the most senior politicians to speak out has been Ireland 's deputy prime minister , Eamon Gilmore . "  It is my own personal view that anybody who did not deal with the scale of the abuse that we have seen in this case should not hold a position of authority , " he said . Gilmore , also the country 's foreign minister , last year decided to close Ireland 's embassy in the Vatican , citing the need to cut costs . Brady said then he was "  profoundly disappointed . " The government and church in the mainly Catholic country have been at loggerheads in recent times after a series of state-backed investigations into sexual abuse by priests and other church figures over several decades .	NEW : An abuse survivor says Cardinal Sean Brady should face more questions Brady being criticized for how he handled cases of sexual abuse of children by priests A new TV documentary says Brady was more involved in a 1970s cover-up than he admits Brady says he did what he was supposed to do at the time and insists he wo n't resign
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Tuesday reinstated a federal ban on gun possession for people previously convicted of certain domestic violence misdemeanors . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote the opinion for the 7-2 majority . The 7-2 vote was authored by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who read a portion of the ruling from the bench in a strong , steady voice . It was her second day on the bench after undergoing pancreatic cancer surgery February 5 . The opinion was a defeat for gun rights supporters , who had challenged groups fighting domestic violence over which ex-felons should be allowed to buy and keep firearms . At issue was whether a federal law blocking gun possession for those convicted of a "  misdemeanor crime of domestic violence " should apply as well to someone convicted of a general misdemeanor , such as simple battery , which may have been committed against a spouse , child , or other relative . The ambiguity in the federal language and whether it could be applied retroactively was at the heart of the legal debate . "  Congress sought to apply the firearm ban to all persons convicted of domestic-violence offenses , whether or not their -LSB- state -RSB- statutes of conviction happen to contain a domestic-relationship element , " wrote Ginsburg , who said the rule could be applied retroactively . The case involves Randy Edward Hayes , who pleaded guilty in a West Virginia court in 1993 to a misdemeanor battery charge for slapping his then-wife Mary Ann with his hand during an argument . The conviction led to a year of probation . More than 10 years later , police responded to a 911 call of a domestic assault occurring at the home Hayes shared with his girlfriend . Deputies responded and , in a search of the house , found an unloaded Winchester rifle under Hayes ' bed . Hayes was charged with obstruction for lying about whether a gun was in the home , and with domestic battery , another misdemeanor . The battery charge was eventually dropped , but the federal firearms violation stuck . His lawyers claim he could not be convicted in federal court of the weapons violations because the original state conviction did not include a domestic relationship element . Only 17 states had misdemeanor domestic violence provisions when Congress passed the Federal Gun Control Act in 1996 . West Virginia , like many states before and since , often prosecuted such cases as simple assault or battery . Crimes classified as felonies automatically trigger the gun possession ban . A federal appeals court ruled for Hayes . The high court in November 's oral arguments had criticized the language of the federal law , which Justice Anthony Kennedy lamented was a "  mess . " In dissent , Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Antonin Scalia , found the federal law ambiguous at best , as it applied to the various state statutes on domestic violence . "  An individual should not go to jail for failing to conduct a 50-state survey or comb through legislative history , " wrote Roberts . "  Ten years in jail is too much to hinge on the will-o ' - the-wisp of statutory meaning pursued by the majority . " The Ginsburg-led majority , however , agreed with the government 's position that Congress clearly wanted to include misdemeanor battery in domestic relationships , even if an abuser was not specifically convicted of that offense . Gun rights groups say the amendment championed by Sen. Frank Lautenberg , a New Jersey Democrat , was the first time gun ownership was prevented because of a misdemeanor conviction . "  Why are men with clean histories except for one domestic dispute punished like hardened criminals who mug strangers on the street ? " wrote Phyllis Schlafly for the conservative Eagle Forum , which filed a legal brief with the high court supporting Hayes . "  The answer is that the feminist agenda calls for domestic-violence laws to punish husbands and fathers above and beyond what can be proven in court under due-process procedures . " But opponents said the names of thousands of dangerous abusers could be purged from mandatory federal criminal background checks if the law is diluted . "  The Supreme Court should follow the will of Congress and protect domestic violence victims and law enforcement officers who risk their lives stopping abusers , " said Paul Helmke , head of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Handgun Violence . "  We should not make it easier for dangerous abusers to get firearms . "	Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote opinion for 7-2 court majority Case dealt with ambiguous language about misdemeanors Case is considered a victory for advocates of gun control
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Waiting in a parked car in the Ninth Ward as the rain pounds down , I can not help but think about the flood in the movie , "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . " It 's a natural , because I am only a stone 's throw from where the levee broke , and I am here to meet the star of that movie , Brad Pitt , as the finale to our "  Building Up America " tour . The actor targeted this area some years ago with his Make It Right Foundation -- an ambitious plan to build up the shattered neighborhood with new , ecologically friendly , affordable houses , and then fill them with residents who had been driven out by Katrina . When the rain backs off a bit , I hustle into one of the raised houses , where my TV crew is busy setting up lights on a covered upper deck . NBC is also there , but in a different area . I spend a few minutes chatting with Brian Williams . We 've known each other for years and share a lot of friends , and it 's always nice catching up . After a while , he asks , "  Who 's going first on this ? " I respond , "  You are . " He goes to get ready , and I look at the houses arrayed all around us . They are architectural marvels -- striking designs of unexpected angles , bright colors and green innovations : solar panels on the roofs , energy-saving appliances , rainwater collection systems . They do n't look like anything else you 'll see in the Ninth Ward , but when Pitt finishes with Brian and comes up the stairs , no one is looking at the architecture . "  Hi , Brad . " "  Hi , Tom . " He shakes my hand , flashes that famous smile , and his eyes twinkle  I 'm no star chaser , but I swear , they really do  . He takes a quick sip from the coffee cup he 's carrying as we settle in to talk . "  You have set for yourself a very ambitious project in taking on a very difficult problem , " I say . "  Five years in , how do you think you 're doing ? " "  These houses here have exceeded my expectations , " he says , looking across the neighborhood . "  The goal here was how do you build affordable housing that 's high-performance , and that is going to be strong enough to withstand the kind of weather that we 're seeing down here . Things that drive the price up , we 've got to get down . " Mindful of how such plans often go , I say , "  I 'm guessing your first units here cost a lot more than your later ones . " "  Sure , but now we 're down to dollar-for-dollar what it costs to build anything else here , " Pitt says . When asked how he did that , Pitt replies , "  We had to start over . We thought we could do it better . We thought we could build a house with light and high-performance technology , that we could bring bills down and give the families who live here a better life , and we wanted to prove it at the low income level . "  And now every house you see here , last month , every one but one was producing more energy than it was consuming . That 's big news . That 's a game-changer . And there is no reason to build any other way now , " Pitt says . Pitt says he also wants to spread this idea beyond this neighborhood , looking into other areas in the U.S. and even abroad . Donations from all over the country have fueled the first part of the project . Pitt acknowledges he has n't made it very far on that next step . "  You know this neighborhood was built on the kindness of strangers , " he says , quoting "  A Streetcar Named Desire . " "  The old Desire public housing project stood not far from where we are . For this to go on , it has to be on the governmental level . "  They have to look at this and set new practices , and new -LSB- building -RSB- codes . But in the meantime , with more donations now , we could get into other parts of the city , " he says . "  These people are pioneers here , and they have built the greenest neighborhood in the world . And I see this as a template that will work in any climate , any condition . " Pitt 's love for New Orleans dates back to when he shot "  Interview with the Vampire , " in the mid-1990s . But his excitement for this project is obvious -- enough so that I wonder if it is taking over as the central interest in his life . We were told repeatedly by Pitt 's handlers that he really does n't like talking about his famous partner , Angelina Jolie , and their children . I was n't here to ask about his movie career , but oddly enough , as we end our chat , both subjects come up . I look out over the houses he 's brought to this troubled part of town and ask , "  Could you see yourself at any point giving up acting to do this ? " He pauses a moment , the way celebrities do when they encounter a question they have not been asked before . "  Um , sure , " he says hesitantly ; then , warming to the idea of giving up the grind of being a movie superstar , "  I 'm quite excited by this idea of building a future and the direction that we 're going . I 'm getting older anyway . I see doing that less and less . " I laugh . "  You 'll have to have something to pass your time . " "  Oh , I 've got plenty of things to pass my time , " he says , and in a reference to the famous family brood , adds , "  Six of them . "	Brad Pitt 's Make It Right Foundation builds eco-friendly homes in area hit by Katrina Solar panels , energy-saving appliances among features designed for homes Pitt hopes idea will spread across country , around the world
CNN  -- While following the horrific events at the Washington Navy Yard , I was struck by something beyond the tragic developments . It was the number of women in law enforcement who were directing the response to those events , and who were center-stage -- at press conferences , in news articles and on my TV screen  $ " as they updated the public . They included Cathy Lanier , chief of District of Columbia 's Metropolitan Police Department ; Valerie Parlave , assistant director in charge , FBI 's Washington Field Office ; Teresa Chambers , chief of the United States Park Police and they have largely been the face of officialdom in the Navy Yard shootings . The gender of these women so prominent in handling the unfolding crisis has gone unmentioned  $ " and this alone is worthy of note , considering the history of women in law enforcement , long a male-dominated profession . These women are simply law enforcement leaders doing the jobs they were hired to do . And there are more : Women also head the U.S. Marshal 's Service , the Secret Service , the Drug Enforcement Administration and Amtrak Police Department . This kind of representation is relatively new . Women have worked in law enforcement since the 19th century . But until the 1970s , they were mainly confined to clerical jobs or dispatch . Affirmative action opened doors , but just a crack . Women back then still held only 2 % of total police force jobs . Today , FBI figures put the total number of women in law enforcement at around 12 % of the nation 's roughly 700,000 police officers -- with representation highest in big city departments , where females can account for as many as one in four . In was n't until 1985 that America saw a major city swear in its first female police chief , when Penny Harrington took the job in Portland , Oregon . Since then , the chief has been addressed as "  ma'am " in Boston , San Francisco , Milwaukee , Detroit , Orlando , Houston , Tampa and dozens of smaller cities . The most recent figures from the National Association of Women Law Enforcement Executives indicate there are approximately 220 female police chiefs across the country . The rise to top leadership positions in law enforcement bumps up against the same barriers as other professions , of course . Female officers call it the "  brass ceiling . "  aka "  the bulletproof glass ceiling "  . The pioneering chief Harrington  who resigned after a rough tenure  talked about that in an interview in Next Women Business Magazine . Harrington , founder of the National Center for Women and Policing , said : "  Unfortunately , the obstacles have not changed much since I started in 1964 . The culture still values physical strength and devalues reasoning and negotiating skills . " She also said that because so many officers start in the military , "  they bring those rigid attitudes with them . " She added , however , that there are "  many wonderful men in law enforcement who are supportive of women , and who are excellent community officers . " D.C. Chief Lanier agreed that the march to the top still has pitfalls . She told USAToday last month : "  There is a segment of the population that is still watching , waiting and hoping that we do n't do well . " Still , she cites accomplishments in the 40 years since women were allowed to join men in patrol cars . Women represent 22 % of the D.C. police force . "  Women  officers  are paying attention to what 's happening in the top ranks . ... I think , overall , people are starting to appreciate these changes . " There is clearly room to improve , but as the women handling the Washington Navy Yard crisis so powerfully show , the brass ceiling -- like the glass ceiling -- has begun to crack . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : Female law-enforcement officials prominent in Navy Yard shootings She says D.C. police chief , U.S. park police chief and FBI 's field office director are all women She says it 's remarkable - - and good -- that little is made of this , given male-dominated field Drexler : More women are top-ranked cops today as "  brass ceiling " steadily cracking
Toronto , Canada  CNN  -- Police said they were preparing for more disruptions Sunday after groups of protesters burned cars , hurled bricks and smashed windows as they tried to penetrate the fence surrounding the G-20 summit . "  I do not believe that the individuals bent on vandalism and violence in our city have finished with their intent , so we will remain vigilant , " Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair said Saturday night . More than 300 people were arrested Saturday , and 412 have been arrested since June 18 , said Jillian Van Acker , spokeswoman for the Integrated Security Unit . There were no reports of serious injuries to either protesters or police , she said . Blair told reporters that packs of disruptive demonstrators infiltrated peaceful protests in order to cause chaos and distract police . "  These criminals rely on the anonymity of hiding in a larger group of the curious and the naive , " he said . At least four police cars went up in flames and smoke during hours of confrontation . Protesters left behind broken windows and graffiti . Blair said police used tear gas after warning a group of protesters "  engaged in acts of destruction " Saturday . But not all encounters between police and protesters were hostile . At one intersection the crowd danced and chanted , "  You 're sexy , you 're cute , take off your riot suit ! " More aggressive groups of demonstrators moved from intersection to intersection , trying to circumvent police and get to the security fence protecting the summit meeting . "  The fence is a symbol that they can build a fence and spend a billion dollars on their agenda . The fence is a symbol of what 's wrong with this country , " protester Rolf Gerstenberger said . Everywhere the protesters went , police were waiting to head them off , in some cases with individual blasts of pepper spray , tear gas and bean bag pellets , according to the summit 's security unit . Authorities said the fence was not breached Saturday . Behind it , world leaders began an economic summit focusing on recovery from the global financial crisis . As they prepared for Sunday 's scheduled meetings , the U.N. chief urged them to remember that the world 's poor need help making ends meet now more than ever . "  Let me emphasize this evening that , under any circumstances we must not balance budgets on the backs of the world 's poorest people , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . Ban said countries should invest in agriculture , green recovery jobs and health . On Saturday , European Union Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso stressed that European leaders were already taking action to strengthen their economies and deal with a weakening euro caused by public debt woes . "  There should be no doubts . Europe will do whatever it takes to assure the financial stability of the euro , " he told CNN . This weekend 's meetings come on the heels of the two-day G8 summit outside Toronto , where the leaders of the United States , Canada , France , Germany , Britain , Italy , Japan and Russia also focused on recovery from the global economic crisis . The group also made note of other thorny issues in their final statement issued Saturday , singling out Iran and North Korea for criticism . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Ali Velshi contributed to this report .	Protests erupt in Toronto as meetings begin Police arrest at least 300 protesters outside summit G-20 meeting focusing on recovery from global financial crisis U.N. chief says world leaders must help poor as they balance budgets
Los Angeles  CNN  -- California Gov. Jerry Brown will seek an immediate stay of what he called an "  unprecedented " federal court order to release almost 10,000 inmates to relieve prison overcrowding by the end of the year , he said Thursday . A three-judge federal court panel ordered the state to reduce its prison population to 137.5 % of design capacity by December 31 and threatened to find the state in contempt if California does not report on its progress every two weeks , Thursday 's ruling said . California has the nation 's largest prison system and says it has been reducing overcrowding . The case grows out of lawsuits filed in 1990 and 2001 that alleged overcrowding is at the core of a domino effect of unsafe and unhealthy conditions for those on both sides of the iron bars . When plaintiffs filed motions to convene the three-judge court panel in November 2006 , California 's prisons were at 202 % of design capacity . In 2011 , the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a three-judge federal panel 's determination that California 's medical and mental health care for inmates falls below a constitutional level of care and that the only way to meet the requirements is by reducing prison crowding . The Supreme Court in 2011 found that California 's shortcomings in prison medical and mental health care resulted in "  needless suffering and death " and recognized the federal court 's prison reduction order was "  of unprecedented sweep and extent , " Thursday 's ruling said . The high court affirmed that order in full in 2011 . On Thursday , the three U.S. District Court judges expressed impatience with California officials , the defendants in the case . "  The history of this litigation is of defendants ' repeated failure to take the necessary steps to remedy the constitutional violations in its prison system , " the order said . "  It is defendants ' unwillingness to comply with this Court 's orders that requires us to order additional relief today . " The three-judge panel added that the plaintiffs ' request for a court order to show why California should n't be held in contempt "  has considerable merit . " "  Our first priority , however , is to eliminate the deprivation of constitutional liberties in the California prison system , " the three judges said in their ruling . "  We will therefore DEFER ruling on plaintiffs ' motion , and defer instituting any contempt proceedings related to defendants ' prior acts until after we are able to determine whether defendants will comply with this order . " Court documents also show that "  DEFER " was not only all capitalized but also printed in bold face .	Gov. Jerry Brown will seek a stay of what he calls "  unprecedented " court order A federal court orders prison population to fall to 137.5 % of capacity Original lawsuits were filed when overcrowding was at 202 % of capacity Federal court ruling threatens California with contempt but defers action
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The crown of the Statue of Liberty will re-open to tourists on July 4 , the Interior Department said Friday . The Statue of Liberty welcomes visitors , immigrants , and returning Americans . The crown was closed after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , for safety and security reasons . The National Park Service closed the attraction amid worries that it would be difficult for visitors to evacuate quickly in the event of an emergency . Visitors must climb a narrow 168-step double-helix spiral staircase to get to the crown . Since the closing , tourists have been able to visit other parts of the statue . iReport.com : Show us your best Statue of Liberty shots The federal government planned to give "  America a special gift " by re-opening the crown , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said . "  We are once again inviting the public to celebrate our great nation and the hope and opportunity it symbolizes by climbing to Lady Liberty 's crown for a unique view of New York Harbor , where the forebears of millions of American families first saw the world , " he said in a statement . Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time , guided by a National Park Service ranger . "  We can not eliminate all the risk of climbing to the crown , but we are taking steps to make it safer , " Salazar said . The measures include raising the handrails on the spiral staircase and stationing rangers throughout the Statue to help visitors . The Statue of Liberty will be open for the next two years , then closed again for "  work on a long-term solution that will improve safety and security permanently , " according to the U.S. Department of the Interior . A gift from France to the United States , the Statue of Liberty was dedicated in 1886 , designated as a National Monument in 1924 and restored for its centennial on July 4 , 1986 . It stands just across New York Harbor from where the Twin Towers stood .	The crown has been closed since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 Tourists have been able to visit other parts of the statue Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time , guided by a ranger Official : Government wants to give "  America a special gift " by re-opening the crown
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court wrestled Wednesday with a familiar , if elusive , foe -- legislative intent -- when considering whether a California man should be compensated after the government violated his privacy by disclosing his personal medical history . The justices appeared torn over the meaning of two fuzzy words in federal law -- "  actual damages " -- and whether Stanmore Cooper 's claims of mental and emotional distress are covered under the Privacy Act . "  The argument you have made -- and I certainly understand it , that this is the Privacy Act and so it 's precisely these types of damages that you would be concerned about -- really cuts both ways , " said Chief Justice John Roberts to Cooper 's lawyer . "  What you are saying is this  law  covers a really big chunk of damages , because this is what the whole act was about , " Roberts said . "  And it seems to me that argument suggests that there is some weight to the government 's point : that if you are going to get that , you really do need clearer " language in the law that would immunize the government to some extent , from a flood of hard-to-disprove lawsuits . The ambiguity has divided lower courts for years , and privacy experts say the ease with which the government can collect and share information in the digital age makes the issue of personal privacy liability ripe for review . Cooper , 69 , became a licensed recreational pilot in 1964 , but two decades later the San Francisco man was diagnosed with the HIV virus . As his condition worsened over time , he let his private pilot 's certificate and his airman medical certificate lapse . Cooper in 1996 then applied for long-term disability with the Social Security Administration . "  I was in bad shape , I did n't have long to live , " he told CNN . But as his health improved , thanks to a cocktail of anti-retroviral therapy , he went back to work and wanted also to fly again . "  I found out they were issuing medicals  exemptions  and I reapplied " to the Federal Aviation Administration "  without revealing my HIV status , " he said . "  Big mistake . " He received his new pilot 's certificate but , unknown to him , a joint local-federal initiative called Operation Safe Pilot was launched in 2002 . Using a spreadsheet , the agencies shared and compared the names and personal data of about 45,000 pilots in Northern California , looking for those potentially medically unfit individuals who were also receiving federal benefits . Cooper was among four dozen or so pilots tagged as a "  person of interest . " When confronted by government agents , he admitted to a misdemeanor charge of filing a false report . He was sentenced to probation and fined , and his pilot 's certificate was revoked . The retired business executive 's name was listed in a federal press release and later , through his prosecution , Cooper 's medical history suddenly was a matter of public record . "  I had been able to control those of whom I shared my information about my HIV status , limited to some co-workers , family , and close friends , " he said "  And suddenly that was out of my control . " Cooper , who was eventually allowed to fly again , sued . "  I chose not to reveal my HIV infection and that was a very bad thing , " he said . "  I took responsibility for it and I paid the price . I was punished . And I think now it 's the government 's turn to own up to breaking the law and take responsibility for what they did . " A federal judge found both the FAA and the Social Security Administration violated the Privacy Act with the information-sharing probe , but said under the law only "  actual damages " could be collected by plaintiffs seeking redress . Since Cooper made no claims for economic harm , such as lost wages or medical expenses , he was therefore was out of luck . The judge found "  emotional injury " alone did not qualify and dismissed the lawsuit . But a federal appeals court reversed , ruling for Cooper . The FAA then asked the high court to intervene . During a sedate hour of oral arguments , the justices stayed away from the specific claims of emotional harm made by Cooper , focusing instead on what the law says about qualifying for damages . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg repeatedly hammered away at the government lawyer arguing for the FAA . She said the federal damages provision in question is similar to state tort claims that include both emotional and financial harm . "  The person who is subject to this , to this embarrassment , this humiliation , does n't have out-of-pocket costs , but is terribly distressed , nervous , anxious , and all the rest , " she said . "  The act that the Congress is reaching , the impact is of that nature . I mean , pecuniary -LSB- monetary -RSB- damages ordinarily attend conduct that embarrasses , humiliates you , causes mental distress . " Eric Feigin of the Justice Department admitted the Privacy Act 's language may be interpreted as allowing damages for such things as "  humiliation , embarrassment and mental anguish , " but said because the phrase "  actual " damages remains vague , the government should get the benefit of the doubt , tipping the case in its favor . "  Simply because a plaintiff may have suffered an adverse effect " from the privacy violation , said Feigin , "  does n't mean that the plaintiff suffered actual damages . " The bench expressed confusion over which similar but competing terms used in other laws dealing with damages -- "  general , " as opposed to "  special , " "  proven " as opposed to "  presumed " -- may apply in the Privacy Act 's unique use of "  actual damages . " Getting that right in the justices ' minds will mean the difference between whether Cooper or the government ultimately prevails . "  It 's sort of odd , " Justice Sonia Sotomayor said , "  for Congress to borrow from the defamation context and with a defined term of art , ` special damages , ' and not use it in the Privacy Act if that 's what it intended . " She hinted that view would allow Cooper to collect for emotional distress . But Justice Antonin Scalia appeared to support the government , saying various agencies were being burdened with an overly complex and inclusive federal privacy law . He suggested it was not meant to cover the kinds of claims Cooper is seeking . "  All you have to know is that you should n't give it  the personal information  to the other agency , because you are not making it public . You are not doing the kind of thing that constitutes an invasion of privacy under state law . You just failed -- intentionally failed -- to follow the very detailed and picky , picky prescriptions contained in the Privacy Act . To say that you get emotional distress for that as opposed to what I would call genuine privacy incursions , which state law covers , is a different question . " Raymond Cardozo , Cooper 's lawyer , pointed out his client 's information was made public , and his name and HIV status are still posted on a federal government database . He also made a larger argument , that his client 's dilemma is one that may affect all Americans . "  Congress passed this act to restore the citizens ' faith in their government , and it made a solemn promise to the American citizens that in cases of intentional and willful violation , the United States shall be liable for actual damages , " he said . "  Today , the government is proposing that "  actual damages " be read in a way that renders this act virtually irrelevant . That makes a mockery of that solemn promise . " Cooper attended the public session at the court and expressed optimism he would prevail . "  They 've betrayed my trust and I ca n't get that back , " he said afterward . "  There was nothing to lose here . I had to do it . It was the right thing to do . " The case is Cooper v. FAA  10-1024  . A ruling is expected next spring .	The court tries to figure out what Congress intended by the words "  actual damages " Stanmore Cooper says the words cover mental and emotional distress The government argues they are aimed at monetary damages Cooper says the public disclosure of his HIV status caused him harm
CNN  -- Rather than getting ready to attract more tourists in its high season , Greece is headed toward the polls again on June 17 . In the midst of domestic political uncertainty , more and more outside observers agree that "  Grexit " -- the prospect of Greece leaving the euro -- has become inevitable . Yet to read the May 6 election results or the first polls for the June election as evidence of Greek opposition to the euro -- or even to public and private sector reform -- is both simplistic and misguided . Given the choice , Greeks would pick Europe over their own politicians . Two weeks ago , the electorate did not reject the European Union or the single currency . Rather , they rejected the political duopoly that has monopolized power in Athens since the last Junta collapsed in 1974 . The Pan-Hellenic Socialist Movement  PASOK  and New Democracy  ND  -- the so-called "  establishment " supportive of the bailout -- are the same parties that built an unviable state with a bloated public payroll and enough red tape to wrap the Acropolis . For all the good George Papandreou did in late 2009 by coming clean about the lies of past administrations , it was his father who helped build this woefully inefficient and ultimately insolvent system . Papandreou the Younger changed tack only when credit markets woke up to the fact that Greek credit was not exactly of German quality  surprise ! Now his former Amherst roommate , Antonis Samaras , promises to "  save Greece . " But less than a year ago Samaras was busy sowing distrust throughout Europe by refusing to promise that his party would honor existing commitments . While the new PASOK leader Evangelinos Venizelos has acted more responsibly , he is also part of the same tainted elite . A last-ditch effort by the president to form a technocratic , unity government failed last week . Of course , technocracy has been tried in Greece before . But the reason the last supposedly technocratic administration of Lucas Papademos had a hard time passing meaningful reform was because it included PASOK and ND ministers , who carried on their internecine feud with an eye to the polls . Papademos 's mistake was not to demand a fully technocratic administration like Monti 's in Italy . The bottom line is that the ND-PASOK duopoly has now lost its legitimacy . The fragmentation of the Greek political scene was a predictable consequence of an economic depression voters rightly blamed on the political establishment . The good news is that the appeal of the far-right Golden Dawn seems to have peaked . The bad news is that the main beneficiary of public disillusionment is Alexis Tsipras , leader of the intransigent hard-left Syriza , who claims to "  listen to the people " while rejecting the kind of unity government that more than 70 % of Greeks said they wanted . Tsipras acts as if he commanded a majority , but he achieved less than 17 % support on May 6 -- and for all the ink spilled about him he will not get a majority in June . Domestically , his party offers nothing more than a return to the old and miserably tested ways of hiring more public servants and reversing useful reform . Worse , his populist platform is openly contradictory on the euro : how can he seriously argue he wants to honor Greeks ' hopes to remain in the single currency while simultaneously promising to burn all existing agreements with Europe ? The game of chicken he is playing with Berlin and Brussels is reckless because the costs of Grexit would be devastating for Greece . For all his talk of "  listening to the Greeks " , Tsipras neglects to mention leaving the euro would require even more draconian austerity because Greece would have to close its primary budget deficit overnight . There would be little tradable sector to rely on . So Tsipras 's party would then have to seize deposits like the Argentine government did in late 2001 . Exit from the euro would then punish middle class depositors while rewarding those Greeks with their money in Geneva . And devaluation-induced competitiveness would be ephemeral as inflation ravaged a restored drachma . In short , Syriza offers a blast from the past : failed strategies to keep hiring public workers and to isolate itself internationally . Greeks know full well that this is the past from which they escaped through membership in the European Union , which is why the polls suggest that between 75-82 % of them want to remain in the single currency . So what Greece urgently needs is a pro-European , pro-reform alliance , without too much PASOK and ND baggage , to take on Tsipras 's shallow dream . Regardless of whether Chancellor Merkel suggested it or not , it may be time to revive the idea of a euro referendum . The electorate would then be able to make clear that they want to keep the benefits of EU integration . From the perspective of Brussels and Berlin , maddening though Athens may be , there is no alternative but to double down on Greece -- because a Greek exit would have huge ripple effects through all the Mediterranean economies  and their banking systems  . More importantly , structural reform is still worth pursuing -- opening up the professions , reforming the public sector , and liberalizing an economy that only benefits insiders are laudable goals . There is no reason why the state should be paying salaries for people who have not shown up to work in decades or be hostage to a taxi union keen on maintaining their monopoly at the expense of tourism , which comprises almost the whole Greek export sector . But the Greeks need stronger incentives to endure the pain of fiscal consolidation . In the coming days , the new French President 's Francois Hollande 's "  growth compact " and the calm credibility of Italy 's Mario Monti may help change the outlook for European reform and consolidation . These leaders are tacit supporters of the idea of a "  quid pro quo " for reforming governments . Humiliated in her own regional elections last weekend , Germany 's Angela Merkel now has little option but to heed them . Starting with the informal summit this week , it is time for the next step down the long and winding road to joint and several liability of eurozone debt .	Greeks preparing for fresh election after inconclusive May vote Vote is seen as a test for whether Greeks want to stay in the eurozone Article 's author Pierpaolo Barbieri says most Greeks want to remain Greek 's currency crisis is threatening to cripple Europe 's economy
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Whether they 've been good or bad , some dogs visited Santa this holiday season to get their photos taken with the jolly but unfamiliar bearded man in a red suit . It 's 1-year-old Max 's first time , owner Janice Sims said of her Australian shepherd , "  but he 's not afraid of Santa like my kids were . " She planned to hang his photo on her Christmas tree . It was also a first Santa visit for Gizmo . The 11-month-old puppy arrived a little after the holidays last year as a gift for 4-year-old Naomi . "  I never wanted a dog , " remembered mom Jewel Washington . "  But I guess I swallowed the Kool-Aid , " she laughingly said as she and her daughter Naomi tried to get their dog to look the camera . They are giving Gizmo a lighted leash for Christmas . Check out holiday shopping special coverage There is a lot of laughter and fun in the whole process . Dogs greeted and played with each other while they waited for their turn with Santa . Owners -- some of whom were shopping when they just happened upon the photo session -- helped volunteers pose the dogs with Santa . Nikko has gotten his holiday photo taken for eight years in a row . Owner Sophia Henry said she does it because her own mother enjoys getting the pooch 's picture as a gift every holiday . Avoid holiday pitfalls with pets But before anyone gets all "  Scroogey " about a waste of money in hard times , many of the pet and St. Nick pictures taken across the country raise money to help not-so-lucky animals . FurKids , a no-kill animal rescue organization , provides a Santa and photographers at PetSmart stores around Atlanta . The organization sponsored several "  Santa Claws " events in Tucker , Georgia , this month . A $ 5 donation bought a framed digital photo of the owner 's choice with as many critters that can squeeze into Santa 's lap or on his bench . Santa "  Mike " has volunteered his lap every December for a half a dozen years to raise money for FurKids so the charity can save abandoned cats and dogs and get them adopted . He 's experienced only one "  damp " visit , when a dog last year watered his boots . But he also put his foot down when faced with a 170-pound Rottweiler . He told the owners , "  I 'll sit in his lap , but you 're not setting him on my lap . " However , his most unusual pet picture over the years was with a 10-foot boa constrictor draped over him . Doguroo , a doggie day care and grooming center , sponsored several Santa photo sessions in front of a huge sparkling tree at Central Park in Atlanta 's Atlantic Station 's this December . Any critter -- including two-legged ones -- could get their photo taken with Santa for a $ 10 donation to the Atlanta Humane Society . Doguroo owners Eileen Kelly and Jean Finney brought along their very sweet pit bull mix , Lottie , wearing a colorful collar with bells , who patiently sat on the sofa with dogless humans who wanted a critter in their photo with Santa . Lottie also submitted to petting by happy children . All she demanded was an occasional treat . Santa "  Jimmy " visited with children all day at Dillard 's at Atlantic Station , before taking up his post out in front of the tree in the park , as he does on weekend evenings . His most memorable experience this year was having the front legs of 170-pound Great Dane draped over his lap . Sherie and Britt Layman brought their 1 1/2 - year-old canine cocktail , Loretta  aka Mrs. Santa Paws  , for a photo . Katie Fisher had a double challenge for Santa -- Simon and Gigi , both dogs around 2 years old . She said the two pups will be getting lots of treats , tennis balls and sweaters for Christmas . And one pet owner brought her three dogs decked out in their festive red and white outfits . The Humane Society of New York held a Toys for Dogs event this year , where pets could get their photo taken with Santa in exchange for donated toys for homeless dogs . Director Sandra DeFeo says it 's less of a "  fund raiser " and more of a "  fun raiser " with "  good cheer , sweets and holiday drinks . " "  We always bring dogs available for adoption , " DeFeo said . Donations go to support the animal shelter and free clinic . Pet owners bring mostly dogs , but an occasional cat or bird drops in to join the festivities . But DeFeo says it 's not only small creatures sniffing around at these parties . She has seen some single pet owners checking each other out . And , she says , a particularly handsome Santa was a big attraction one year .	Santa and pet photos are great fundraisers for animal charities Nikko gets his photo taken every year so his owner can send it to her mother One Santa had a 10-foot boa constrictor draped over him for a photo Doguroo owners ' pit bull mix , Lottie , was a patient "  loaner dog for petless people
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie tried to stamp out criticism Tuesday of his policy to quarantine health care workers returning from Ebola hot zones , describing his rule as "  common sense " and vowing that he wo n't move "  an inch " on the standards his state has set forth . He also tried to address critics on the other end of the spectrum who say his decision to let a health care worker go on Monday was a sign of him caving in to political pressure . "  We 're trying to be careful here , " Christie said on NBC 's "  Today , " referring to his state 's policy . "  This is common sense , and ... the American public believes it is common sense . And we 're not moving an inch . Our policy has n't changed , and our policy will not change . " What Ebola response says about Chris Christie Christie , a Republican who 's eying a 2016 presidential bid , finds himself at the center of a political debate between those who say government is overreacting to the Ebola threat and those who argue it 's not doing enough . At issue is New Jersey 's policy to quarantine recently returned health care workers who 've been in contact with Ebola patients in West Africa . One such worker , a nurse who came back from Sierra Leone last week , protested her quarantine in New Jersey , saying it violated her rights . Army major general , troops quarantined after Ebola aid trip While she argued she was never symptomatic , the state said she ran a fever and kept her isolated over the weekend . The Obama administration and some medical experts took issue with the policy , which was also enacted in New York , and Christie became the target of widespread criticism . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said on NBC the policy was "  draconian " and not rooted in science . Others , including Fauci , expressed concern the policy would become a disincentive for people wanting to go and help combat the problem in West Africa , fearing they 'd be quarantined as soon as they returned to the United States . Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed Christie said he applauds those volunteers , but disagreed that New Jersey 's policy was too much to ask , calling his critics "  hyperbolic . " "  When they 're in direct contact with people actively with the Ebola virus , asking them to quarantine at home for 21 days -- unless they 're symptomatic -- I do n't think that 's ` draconian ' , and I think Dr. Fauci is responding , unfortunately , as are many of the -LSB- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -RSB- , in a really hyperbolic way because they 've been wrong before , now they 're incrementally taking steps towards the policy that we 've put into effect in New Jersey . " States test White House 's Ebola coordination efforts He also hit back that his efforts were part of a political ploy one week before the midterm elections . He said six other states have adopted similar policies , including Democratic governors in Maryland and Virginia .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie responded to critics of his state 's Ebola policies Christie referred to his actions as "  common sense " and being "  careful " The Republican governor is considering a 2016 presidential bid
CNN  -- Not long ago , attending international oil and gas conferences , East Africa was the graveyard session . All the smart money was on the Gulf of Guinea and I and a few other analysts would sit through almost empty sessions more out of courtesy than curiosity . No longer , East Africa is the new oil and gas frontier , and the meetings are packed . Three statements released in March by international oil and gas companies prospecting in Eastern Africa demonstrate this - a fourth impressive gas find in Tanzania by BG Group and London-listed Ophir Energy saw their shares soar . Italian energy company ENI also announced new gas reserves in Mozambique , and Anglo-Irish Tullow Oil , announced an oil discovery in Kenya , that "  is beyond our expectations and bodes well for the material programme ahead of us . " How times have changed . Kenya 's President Mwai Kibaki , could n't contain his excitement on 26 March and interrupted a scheduled speech to announce the find by Tullow in the country 's north-western Turkana region . You could feel his relief as he called it a "  major breakthrough " . Ever since independence Kenyans officials have been wondering why their geology has been less generous than others , and in recent years the pressure has been on , gold , Tanzanite and now significant gas finds in Tanzania and oil in Uganda . Read more : Oil discovered in Kenya Kenya has a strong agribusiness base , exporting tea , coffee , flowers and vegetables . It also enjoys a major tourism industry and Nairobi is a regional hub , providing financial and other services and is a continent leader on telephone banking . If significant oil reserves are found , this could be transformative for its economy . It will also embolden Kenya , that has ambitions to become a leading regional power , but as a columnist in Kenya 's Business Daily wrote , ` Kenya 's economic and diplomatic clout had largely suffered from a lack of known natural resources that are of strategic importance to the rest of the world ' . Kenya 's politicians will need to keep a close eye on this , as regional co-operation within the East African Community rather than head-on competition makes better economic sense . Kenya has already been positioning itself to develop regional oil facilities for exports of oil from Uganda and South Sudan . Work started in March on building a huge deep-water port in Lamu , to service a pipeline across northern Kenya to connect to the port . The West sees Kenya as a regional anchor state although its reputation as a stable democracy , took a knocking with the surge of violence that followed the presidential elections in 2008 . New presidential elections are scheduled late 2012 or 2013 , and oil will additionally raise anticipation of the spoils of billions of future oil dollars for the victorious . The stakes in these elections have just risen , and the resilience of Kenya 's institutions to ensure a fair election , but also its politicians to gracefully accept defeat is critical . President Kibaki , himself will not be running and has a golden opportunity to secure his legacy by working tirelessly to ensure credible and peaceful elections take place . See also : Ghana 's oil discovery : blessing or curse ? The greatest worry about oil finds in Kenya is that oil money might further blight an already corrupted political class that many Kenyans complain about . Kenya has a poor reputation for corruption , especially by its political class . A former anti-corruption tsar , John Gitongo fled the country in 2005 , fearing for his life and lived in exile in Britain . He returned to Kenya in 2008 and has set up Kenya Ni Yetu  Kenya is Ours  , a campaign aimed at mobilizing ordinary people to speak up against corruption , impunity and injustice . If Kenya is to effectively benefit from oil , and avoid the resource curse that many other oil producers have experienced it needs to learn from the mistakes of others . The lessons are clear , strengthen independent institutions and oversight ; publish all the taxes and royalties from oil ; do not rush into prestige projects and extravagant consumption and do n't neglect creating meaningful employment for Kenyans . Kenyans need jobs , but the oil industry itself never employs many . The key is to use any oil funds , to build up a competitive economy - Kenya 's luck is that it already has a successful base from which to build from . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Vines	Alex Vines , an expert on Africa says East Africa is becoming the new oil and gas frontier The author suggests the discovery of oil in Kenya adds complexity to the upcoming presidential election He says many worry that the oil money may further blight an already corrupted political class in Kenya Using oil funds to build up a competitive economy is the key to avoid a resource curse , concludes Vines
CNN  -- A 12-year-old girl allegedly kidnapped in South Carolina is back home after federal agents arrested the man accused of taking her , the FBI said Friday . FBI agents found Jesus Alanda Lozada , 26 , and Julieta Yoselin at a home in Atlanta , Georgia , late Thursday night . Yoselin had last been seen Monday in the parking lot of a drug store in Clemson , South Carolina . Authorities thought that Lozada , a friend of Julieta 's family , might be taking the girl to Mexico . The investigation led authorities to Atlanta . Lozada was being held in Atlanta , the FBI said .	FBI arrests suspect in kidnapping of 12-year-old The girl has been returned to South Carolina
Isle de la Gonave , Haiti  CNN  -- The fishing boat speeds over blue waters of the Caribbean , leaving behind the devastation of mainland Haiti . Pods of dolphins and flying fish dart over the frothy waves . Ahead lies an island of pristine beaches . But reality on the Haitian island , about 45 miles off the main island , is far from a tropical paradise . Neglected by the government for years , the residents of Isle de la Gonave call their island "  the forgotten Haiti . " Now more than ever . The earth did n't rumble as hard in la Gonave on January 12 , but people are feeling a different sort of aftershock . "  This whole island was sourced by Port-au-Prince , " says Capt. Stan Bednair , who has come in on this warm , humid Tuesday with a team from the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit to assess the situation at Anse-a-Galets , the biggest community on the island . "  The main source of income here is cash from the mainland , " he says . "  Now it is not flowing . " Without much agriculture on the rugged , limestone island , people seek all their provisions -- including food -- by boat from the Haitian capital and coastal cities such as Leogane that were leveled in the killer quake . "  We do n't produce anything here . Just fish , " says Bernard Ranfort , who does odd manual labor jobs to earn a few dollars . After the quake , he says , prices skyrocketed . A pot of rice used to cost about 50 cents ; now it 's up to more than $ 1 . iReport : Haiti 's missing and found "  You buy what you can . If not a whole pot , then half a pot . This is how we are living , " he says . "  This area was n't hit by the quake , but we are feeling it . " La Gonave is one of the poorest regions of Haiti , the most destitute country in the Americas , where the per capita income is less than $ 400 and 80 percent of people are living under the poverty line . Bednair says the quake is a severe blow to this impoverished and isolated community . "  There is a very strong secondary effect in la Gonave . " Some of that is evident at the hospital in Anse-a-Galets . Jean Donaldson 's mother has brought him here so that the Americans can help him . The 9-year-old boy broke his right leg when a wall crumbled in November . He had pins placed in his leg in Port-au-Prince . They were supposed to have been removed the day before the quake . The boy is rushed in and placed on a gurney in a gaudily painted turquoise examination room that was sparse in the morning but by midday is teeming with the U.S. Navy 's world-class medicines and expert doctors . Lt. Kishla Askins suggests taking the boy back to the USS Nassau for further treatment . Jean 's mother puts a fresh shirt on him for the journey . Askins continues down the long line of patients , all of whom are expecting some of her short time here . Full coverage They are suffering from acute injuries , both quake-related and not , and chronic conditions such as diabetes and hypertension . "  They just do n't have that access to care , " Askins says . "  They do n't have specialists here or anything like x-rays to internal medicine , any kind of surgery . They were relying on Port-au-Prince , and they have lost that . " The Marines carry the crippled boy to a Humvee and journey down the main route through Anse-a-Galets : Avenue of Evolution . Despite the name , time seems to have stood still in this town of limestone huts and a few dilapidated or half-finished buildings . Layers of dust cover everything , as though the quake had struck violently here . The only signs of modern civilization are the two cell towers owned by Digicel and Voila and a series of hand-painted green street signs , an odd site in a place where vehicles are lacking license plates . A sudden burst of magenta bougainvilleas catches the eye amid the drab . At the beach , crowds have amassed to watch the Americans who came to help . Joinvill Anvousse is one of them . He , like many other young people from la Gonave , left his birthplace several years ago to seek education in Port-au-Prince . He was studying theology at the Haitian Bible College . Finding shelter , aid , supplies On the day of the quake , he escaped with his sister . His house and his college , he says , were destroyed . Afraid of the sizeable aftershocks that continued to jolt the city , afraid of the death all around him , Anvousse took a boat back to la Gonave . He says he does n't know where his parents are . Nor his other seven siblings . He meanders through Anse-a-Galets in hopes of finding people who will provide him something to eat . He counts back the days to Sunday , trying to recall when he last had a meal . "  Rice , " he says . "  And then some water . If you go to the water pipe , you can find some water . "  Some of my family is dead . The rest are very poor right now . My education is breaking down . It was everything to me . " He does n't even have the money to return to Port-au-Prince to find loved ones . The boat rides cost anywhere from $ 6 to $ 8 , depending on whether it 's on a sailboat or a motorized one . Under the glare of the afternoon sun , Anvousse gazes intently as the Marines load up their trucks and gear onto a monstrous landing craft utility boat that carried them to shore earlier in the day . Residents watch in awe as though an alien spacecraft had landed from outer space . Some have never even seen a television camera , let alone a state-of-the-art utility boat that comes by sea and travels on land , kicking up sand and gravel like a hurricane would . "  The government of Haiti is breaking down , " Anvousse says , his eyes set on the departing Marines . "  The only thing we can do now is wait for the USA . " Then the Marines , who came with food and medicine , head for the sea . They do n't see the sign at the tiny port . "  Thank you for visiting Anse-a-Galets . "	Residents of Isle de la Gonave call their island "  the forgotten Haiti " The island is dependent on Port-au-Prince for money , supplies The quake spared island direct hit , but the residents are now cut off from main island Island 's people are hungry and in need of medical care ; U.S. Marines try to help
CNN  -- In an unprecedented action , the NCAA is restoring scholarships to the Penn State University football team that were originally lost last year when the school was sanctioned for its handling of the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal . Sandusky , 69 , a former defensive coordinator , was convicted last year of sexually abusing 10 boys he met through his charity . He is serving a 30-to 60-year prison term . But the sanctions against Penn State mostly revolved around an alleged cover-up by the university 's former president , vice president and athletic director . All three men are facing trial in the spring on charges they lied to authorities and never reported an incident of sexual abuse witnessed in 2001 in the Penn State locker room facilities . The gradual restoration of scholarships was recommended to the NCAA board by former Sen. George Mitchell , the athletics integrity monitor for the university , for the school 's "  groundbreaking work " and "  strong commitment to restore integrity " in the last year . Mitchell said Tuesday that the school has consistently cooperated with the NCAA since the sanctions were imposed . Mitchell said more than 120 reforms have been implemented , and Penn State has become a model for reform at other schools . Other sanctions levied last year , including a post-season ban , a $ 60 million fine and 13 years of vacated wins of legendary coach Joe Paterno , remain in place . Mitchell said he recommended a post-season ban stay in place , for now , to give the university a continued incentive to work toward reform . The NCAA has never before rescinded sanctions imposed against a university . The restoration will mean that Penn State 's football team , under coach Bill O'Brien , will get five more scholarships next year , and 10 more each of the following three seasons . By the start of the 2016 season , Penn State will again have the full amount of scholarships . Penn State President Rodney Erickson said the change represents "  significant efforts over the past year to make Penn State a safer , stronger institution . " NCAA President Mark Emmert , who has been widely criticized for relying on the university 's independent report instead of launching his own NCAA investigation at Penn State , said the board was "  pleased " to make this decision . In making his recommendation to the NCAA board , Mitchell said he considered the sanctions that most affect student athletes . He also noted a great divide among the Penn State community over how the Sandusky scandal has been handled . The university recently settled lawsuits with several men who said Sandusky abused them . The role of Paterno , who died in January 2012 , in the cover-up has been widely debated . In an internal investigation done for the university , FBI director Louis Freeh concluded that Paterno played a role , but former state prosecutors handling the case said they found no evidence of that .	Sanctions against Penn State mostly revolved around alleged cover-up by officials School was sanctioned over its handling of Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal . Athletics integrity monitor recommended gradual restoration of scholarships Other sanctions remain , including a post-season ban and a $ 60 million fine
CNN  -- The image of Solomon Northup 's body hanging from a tree -- noose around his neck , hands tied behind his back , feet barely touching the ground -- is uncomfortable to look at . And Steve McQueen , director of "  12 Years a Slave , " does not spare the audience with an expedient exit . There is no overbearing soundtrack to drown out the sound of him gasping for air . For what feels like an eternity , McQueen makes us watch . He makes us listen . He makes us know the truth about slavery in a way no Hollywood film in recent memory has . The beatings are not brief . Christianity is not spared . There are no scenes of white heroes racing against time to save him or undo the injustice that is being done . As he hangs there , we hear the birds singing . We see the sun fading . We feel the fear coursing through the body of a slave who risks her own life just to bring him a sip of water . The film shows unflinching moments that shed an unflattering light on something our culture prefers to gloss over , perhaps as a way of healing . Just like calling people who point out racial inequality "  race baiters " is supposedly an effective way to move on . Oh , we 're willing to talk about slavery . But we like the stories told like "  Lincoln " : inspirational , with redeemable characters and very few scenes of actual slavery because , well , that 's a downer . Because of this , McQueen 's Oscar nomination for best director is welcomed , Chiwetel Ejiofor 's performance as Northup worthy of praise and the best picture nomination for "  12 Years " deserving . And yet , in one important way , something is missing . For if the Oscars were held today and "  12 Years " won best picture -- as some favor it to do -- it would be one of the lowest-grossing winners of the award ever . With proceeds just a hair under $ 40 million since its October release , it would join "  The Hurt Locker , " "  The English Patient , " "  Amadeus " and "  The Artist " as the only best picture winners not to crack the top five at the box office . To put this in perspective , the latest Tyler Perry in drag movie made more in less than a month . There is a chance that could change , because historically , there is a surge in interest in movies that are Oscar darlings . Even "  The Hurt Locker " -- the lowest-grossing best picture winner to date -- enjoyed an 11.9 % increase in box office receipts after Oscar nominations were announced . When the film won best picture , it jumped 13.6 % from the week prior to the win . Perhaps in anticipation of a similar increase in demand -- and on the heels of a best drama win at the Golden Globes -- Fox Searchlight is reportedly planning to bring the movie to 500 more theaters this upcoming weekend , with the goal of raising the total to 1,000 in the next two weeks . Before the Globes , "  12 Years " was in only 114 theaters . The film will be in position to make more money . The question is : Who will go see it ? Because word on the street is that "  12 Years " is an unapologetic portrayal of our ugly past , and Americans prefer our history with some nips and tucks . Even now , as we are about to celebrate the birthday of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , we prefer to talk about the impact of his dream while limiting the mention of the nightmares that gave birth to that dream . How many of us will pay to see the scathing truth when refuge in fantasies are far more comforting ? How many of us are ready for a film whose narrative is not dominated by white protagonists but rather a free black man who , in 1841 , was kidnapped , tortured and sold ? To see "  12 Years " is to find out that "  nigga " as a term of endearment is a misguided delusion . To see "  12 Years " is to see the full story of what those who fought under the shadow of the Confederate flag gave their lives to keep . To see "  12 Years " is to see that the claim that the black people who picked cotton in the field with the star of "  Duck Dynasty " were "  happy " is a racist insult . The movie is an unsanitized portrait of a nation 's shameful past . It is two hours of breathing in the antebellum South and then walking out of the theater trying to pretend the stench is all gone . There is no question that "  12 Years a Slave " was the best picture of 2013 . But as the box office receipts show , not many of us are ready for that kind of honesty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : "  12 Years a Slave " deserves praises for its unflinching portrayal Granderson : Even though it 's a contender for Oscars , it has n't attracted many viewers He says many people may not be ready to see a movie about our ugly past Granderson : "  12 Years " deserves best picture for sure , but who will see it ?
Java Sea , West Borneo  CNN  The start of our 15-hour trip is stunning . Idyllic white sand beaches stretch along the coast of West Borneo , Indonesia . An occasional fishing boat is the only interruption to this part of the largely untouched coastline . A peaceful tranquility that makes the horrors some 100 nautical miles from here seem implausible . As we head out into open waters with an Indonesian Search and Rescue boat , the winds pick up and the waves increase . The weather forecast Sunday was better than previous days -- the crew confirms it is an improvement -- but conditions are still rough . Looking out at the vast expanse of the Java Sea , the crew tries to spot bodies or debris from AirAsia Flight QZ8501 . As I think I might have seen something , it disappears beneath a wave and does not always resurface . Pieces of wood , rubbish or seaweed confuse the naked eye . The challenge of spotting debris or a beloved member of a distraught family in these waters is immense . One crew member thinks he spots something , then loses sight of it . But he is convinced enough of its import for the captain to call it in so a larger ship nearby can investigate . Hunt for black box This ship has a very specific mission . On board is a pinger locator that needs to be delivered to a vessel stationed in Sector 4 of the search zone . A crucial piece of equipment to hunt for the flight data recorder , or so-called black box , without which the mystery of the crash of this airliner may never be solved . But the captain is nervous . Captain Ahmad tells me his boat is not large enough to be in waters this choppy . "  I feel a heavy moral burden , " he says . "  I have a responsibility to keep those on board safe , but it is so important to help find bodies and debris . " Ahmad says he 's proud to be a part of this operation , but would not normally bring his boat out for so long in such conditions . Yet the mood is upbeat among the crew . In recent days the weather has forced them to stay along the coastline , scouring for bodies or debris that may have drifted from the crash site . They now seem happy to be able to deliver much-needed supplies to colleagues out at sea . By late afternoon , the target ship comes into view . The Baruna Jaya has been here for days and relies heavily on these deliveries . Transferring equipment from one boat to the other may sound like the most straightforward part of the long day . Far from it . The swell of the sea pushes the ships together with a dull thud as boat-side buoys collide . A crudely taped cardboard box holding the precious acoustic cargo is hastily handed over before the waves push the boats apart again . It is deemed too dangerous for the expert accompanying the equipment to make the jump between ships . An hour-long attempt to transfer the inflatable boat needed to help operate the locator ends in frustration amid rough seas and fading light . As night falls with only half a mission accomplished , the deflated crew turns for port determined to try again tomorrow . They 'll have a few hours sleep ahead of another long day .	Paula Hancocks heads out to the search zone off West Borneo in rough seas looking for any debris or remains of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 This particular ship is also delivering equipment to help to locate the crashed airliner 's flight data recorder Rough sea conditions in the Java Sea have hampered the search , frustrating search crews
Wheaton , Illinois  CNN  -- Alex Garcia is an Iraq war veteran who feels lucky . He 's never needed the homeless shelter where he works . With his easy smile and a boyish face , Iraqi kids took to calling him "  baby " in the war zone , so much that his superiors in Baghdad had him wear a bandana across his face . After serving from 2004 to 2005 during the height of Iraq 's insurgency , Garcia , 25 , says he had a relatively stress-free transition back to civilian life . Today , Garcia works at the Midwest Shelter for Homeless Veterans in Wheaton , Illinois , helping others who did n't have such an easy time returning from war . It does n't happen overnight , he explains , but it is a process to end up with nowhere to call home . "  That 's ultimately what it is ... you burn one too many bridges " Garcia says . He starting working at the shelter in 2008 , a year after Vietnam vet Bob "  Doc " Adams opened it . Adams got the idea after visiting a similar shelter in Boston , Massachusetts , in 1997 and thinking , "  Why ca n't we do that here ? " So 10 years later , with help from other veterans , local unions and a grant from Dupage County , he started the shelter . Adams knows all too well the downward spiral that leads to a life on the streets . Post-traumatic stress disorder , or PTSD , is often the reason many veterans end up without a roof over their heads . One homeless vet 's mission "  It is a destroyer of spirits , it is a destroyer of relationships , it plays havoc on people 's employment and it touches every fabric of someone 's life , " Adams said . In Dupage County , recent statistics show that one out of every three people who are homeless are veterans Since the opening , Adams has helped more than 30 homeless veterans , whose service has spanned from Korea to Afghanistan . While he 's happy to help older veterans , Adams started the shelter mainly for younger warriors from Iraq and Afghanistan who appear to have more time on the battlefield than soldiers from his generation . "  The kinds of PTSD symptoms I 've seen amongst those veterans is a much more powerful strain than even the ones among my era , " he says . In addition to small financing from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs , the shelter is also supported by donations from around northeast Illinois . People donate items such as nonperishable foods and electronics , including a large television for the common area . What you can do to help veterans The shelter is looking to double its capacity once it opens a new apartment building nearby . Adams feels that inexpensive housing is a pivotal step for veterans trying to transition to civilian life . Texas homebuilder gives homes to injured vets At the shelter , there is a daily routine designed to mirror military life . For veterans , it is a way to help warriors transition from the streets back into a more self-sustaining life . The rigid program starts in the morning with room inspections , followed by a class on finance management and employment . The instructor leads the the veterans through mock interviews and prepares the students for tough interview questions . During his evening shift , Garcia checks around the shelter to make sure that the assigned duties are accomplished before lights out . He says he hopes to stay on with "  Doc " Adams because "  it 's a moving force that I want to be a part of . "	Alex Garcia , an Iraq war veteran , helps homeless vets at a Chicago-area shelter Garcia , 25 , says he feels lucky he never needed the shelter Bob "  Doc " Adams opened the shelter in 2007 , mainly for Iraq and Afghanistan vets The veterans learn how to manage their money and interview for jobs
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli President Shimon Peres committed themselves to the quest for peace Sunday during a meeting of key figures in the Middle East peace process . But unlike previous attempts to achieve a resolution to the region 's turmoil through traditional means , there would be no negotiating nor any political talks at Sunday 's summit . This appeal would be made to a higher calling : Abbas and Peres prayed for peace together Sunday at the Vatican home of Pope Francis . The meeting comes two weeks after the Pope invited the two leaders to do so during his visit to the Holy Land . "  In this , the birthplace of the Prince of Peace " the Pope said in Bethlehem 's Manger Square following a May 25 Mass , " I wish to invite you , President Mahmoud Abbas , together with President Shimon Peres , to join me in heartfelt prayer to God for the gift of peace . " Sunday 's meeting was a first for the Vatican , which had never hosted a prayer gathering of two leaders engaged in conflict . However pious the agenda , the day was n't totally free of political subtext . After prayers read in Arabic , Hebrew and Italian by figures from different religions , each leader offered his own invocation . "  Without peace , we are not complete . We have yet to achieve this mission of humanity , " Peres said . "  Even when peace seems distant , we must pursue it to bring it closer . " "  We ask you , Lord , for peace in the Holy Land , Palestine and Jerusalem , " said Abbas , according to a CNN translator . "  Together with its people , we call on you to make Palestine and Jerusalem , in particular , a secure land for all believers , a place of prayer and worship . " The Pope said the meeting is the response to people who want to live as brothers and sisters and not as enemies . "  I hope that this meeting will be a journey toward what joins us , to overcome what divides us , " Francis said . The groundbreaking meeting -- which was the result of the Pope offering an olive branch two weeks ago -- concluded with the two men exchanging kisses on the cheek before they broke ground themselves for the planting of an olive tree . Only time will tell if today 's prayers will go answered . "  The metric that Pope Francis would be using to measure the success of this event is much longer term . I do n't think anyone is expecting an immediate result , " said CNN senior Vatican analyst John L. Allen Jr. "  Now that said , you could also argue that the success of tonight could be measured by the simple fact that it happened . "	Pope Francis says meeting is for people who want to stop living as enemies Israeli President Shimon Peres says peace must be pursued no matter how distant it seems Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas calls for divine help to make the region secure
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemned recent outbreaks of violence in Northern Ireland and urged a continued commitment to peace during meetings Friday with political leaders in Belfast . "  There can be no place in Northern Ireland for any violence ; the remnants of the past must be quickly condemned , " she said . She described the violence as "  a sad reminder , unfortunately , that -- despite how hardy the peace has been -- there are still those who not only would test it , but try to destroy it . " Three people were arrested Friday , and two officers were injured , said Elsie Glendinning , a press officer for the Police Service of Northern Ireland . Some cars were set afire , she said in a statement . Twenty-one officers were injured during this week 's disorder , said Assistant Chief Constable Will Kerr , who appealed for calm . "  This behavior is simply not acceptable , " he said . "  These people are only wrecking their own communities and putting innocent people 's lives at risk . " Friday 's violence came a day after four men were arrested Thursday after police investigating "  ongoing dissident Republican activity " found what they described as a homemade rocket that could have been used to attack an armored police vehicle when they stopped a car in the area of Londonderry . Read more : The war is over , yet conflict continues in Belfast Police said they discovered an unexploded letter bomb in a mailbox in the village of Clough . Violence broke out this week after a vote by Belfast city councilors to change the year-round policy of flying the British Union flag outside Belfast City Hall , restricting it to certain days . Police have come under assault in incidents in Belfast , Ballymena and Carrickfergus . Buildings linked to the cross-community Alliance Party , which backed the flag 's removal , have also been targeted . Read more : Reminders of Irish ` troubles ' rise to surface The party said that its sole lawmaker in the UK parliament at Westminster , Naomi Long , was told Thursday night to leave her home and was advised not to go to her constituency office in east Belfast on Friday after receiving a death threat . Clinton spoke alongside First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at Stormont , the seat of Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government , in east Belfast . She recalled her first visit 17 years ago with then-President Bill Clinton , at a time when the first glimmers of peace were on the horizon . On that occasion , the couple turned on Belfast 's Christmas lights . Read more : Queen makes history with ex-IRA leader handshake "  Peace does take sacrifice and compromise and vigilance , day after day , and we have seen again this week that the work is not complete because we have seen violence break out again , " she said . "  There will always be disagreements in democratic societies . We are experts in that in the United States ... but violence is never an acceptable response to this . " Clinton joined Robinson and McGuinness in condemning the recent violence in the Belfast area and the threats against Long . Read more : Police brace for trouble as thousands join Northern Ireland march Robinson and McGuinness presented Clinton with an award recognizing her contribution to Northern Ireland 's peace and economic progress . She then returned to Washington . McGuinness , a former commander in the anti-British Irish Republican Army , shook hands last summer with Queen Elizabeth II -- a gesture marking a step forward in the peace process relating to British rule of Northern Ireland . Belfast was the last stop on Clinton 's European tour , which began with visits to the Czech Republic and Belgium . She was in Dublin on Thursday for an international security conference at which she met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and the U.N. special envoy to Syria , Lakhdar Brahimi . The timing of her visit to Northern Ireland , which she has held up to other nations as an example of a divided community that has transitioned to peace , is seen by observers as unfortunate , given the unrest . The vote on the Union flag followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police officers injured . Just more than a month ago , a prison officer was killed in a suspected dissident IRA attack , the first such attack in years . In recent days , a number of suspected dissident IRA members have been arrested . On her first visit as secretary of state , in 2009 , Clinton paid tribute to the efforts of Robinson , McGuinness and other political leaders in helping to secure more than a decade of peaceful progress for Northern Ireland . The majority of the island gained independence in 1921 , following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant unionists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as the Troubles . The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants . Under the terms of the accord , groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and members of Sinn Fein , the political affiliate of the IRA , now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London and journalist Peter Taggart reported from Belfast . Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	3 people are arrested Friday and 2 officers injured , police say "  Violence is never an acceptable response " to disagreements , she says Violent disorder broke out in Belfast after a vote on flying the Union flag Northern Ireland is the last leg of the secretary of state 's European tour
Tokyo  CNN  -- The latest and strongest in a string of powerful storms to hit Japan -- Vongfong -- slammed into Kyushu , the southernmost of the country 's four main islands , Monday morning as it continued its destructive path across the country . Vongfong first made landfall in Japan in Okinawa early Sunday . It wreaked havoc across the prefecture , knocking out power before losing strength and being downgraded from a typhoon to a tropical storm . Meteorologists expect the storm to pass over the country 's largest island , Honshu , hitting the capital , Tokyo , before dawn on Tuesday . At least 36 injuries related to the storm were reported across Okinawa , Kagoshima and Miyazaki prefectures , officials said , while at least 44,000 across the country were without power . Authorities have ordered more than 100,000 people to evacuate their homes . Police in Shizuoka said one man remained missing after three people were swept into water on Sunday at the city 's port . Although a high-wave advisory had been issued at the time of the accident , the incident was classified as a water accident and not officially linked to the storm , according to Shizuoka police . Flights in and out of Kyushu and neighboring Shikoku were canceled Monday , along with local ferry and train operations . The Japan Meteorological Agency said Vongfong was expected to bring up to 40 centimeters of rain . The storm comes on the heels of Typhoon Phanfone , which swept over southern Japan last week , washing three U.S. airmen out to sea off Okinawa . U.S. and Japanese search crews found the last airman 's body on Wednesday , according to a news release issued by authorities at Kadena . Japan was previously saturated by storms Halong , Neoguri and Nakri . CNN 's Tom Sater contributed to this report .	Tropical Storm Vongfong hits Kyushu , the southernmost of Japan 's four main islands At least 36 injuries have been reported Japan 's four main islands are expected to get up to 40cm of rain
CNN  -- It 's been a long time between wins for Steve Nyman , but the American skier is determined to prove he is over his injury problems . On Saturday Nyman celebrated his first World Cup victory since 2006 , having recently returned to top-level action after missing all of last season . The 30-year-old had placed 29th in Friday 's Super G race at Val Gardena-Groden , but stormed home in Saturday 's downhill after starting 39th in the Italian event . His triumph came in the same Saslong Classic race where he earned his only other career win six years ago , as he earned a podium place for the first time since 2007 . The two-time Olympian took advantage of improving conditions to head off Slovenia 's surprise second-placer Rok Perko by 0.19 seconds , with Canadian Erik Guay finishing third from Norway 's Kjetil Jansrud . Alpine Edge : Inside World Cup venues "  Weather was a huge factor but hats off to Erik and Jansrud who ran in the snow and the fog , " Nyman said . "  When I heard Rok coming into the lead I said , ` Right on , it 's on , it 's open ! ' "  I 've always believed I had the speed . I hope to prove it through the year . But I guess no points to 100 points is n't that consistent . "  I 'm just happy to feel good again . My body 's feeling good . I had the flu , but battled that off . I had rib issues the first few races because I put it into the fence while training in Copper . The Achilles last year , the knees years before that and the back -- this is the best gift I could have . " Friday 's race winner Aksel Lund Svindal was fifth , extending his overall lead to 177 points from absent American Ted Ligety , who will return to action for Sunday 's giant slalom across the mountain at Alta Badia . "  Having trouble because of too much snow is in many ways a good thing , " the Norwegian wrote on his blog on Saturday . "  Snow is good for ski business . And we 're all a part of the business . But as a racer and an athlete days like todays like today are tough . "  We want to compete under equal and fair conditions . But sometimes that 's not possible in the mountains . We didnt have good conditions but it could have been worse . The poor guys that started first had no chance . Racing is less fun on days like today . " Meanwhile , Saturday 's women 's World Cup Super G race at Val d'Isere was called off due to heavy snow at the French resort . Val d'Isere is the traditional host of the start of the main European swing of the World Cup season , having staged men 's races last weekend as part of the traditional Criterium de la Premiere Neige  "  races of the first snow "  .	History repeats as Steve Nyman wins second World Cup race of his career The U.S. skier 's only other victory came at the same Italian downhill event in 2006 The 30-year-old beat second-placed Slovenian Rok Perko , with Canada 's Erik Guay third Aksel Lund Svindal was fifth in difficult conditions to extend his overall lead to 177 points
CNN  -- South Korean golfer In-Kyung Kim retained the lead at the halfway stage of the season-opening LPGA Thailand event on Friday , but is being chased by world No. 1 Yani Tseng and Michelle Wie . The 22-year-old Kim , seeking her fourth victory in successive years on the top women 's circuit , faltered with a one-over-par 73 at Siam Country Club 's Old Course but ended the day with a one-shot advantage . Kim , who finished third in two of last season 's four majors , had matched the course record of 63 in her opening round on Thursday . Taiwan 's Tseng carded a 71 in soggy fairway conditions following heavy rain earlier this week , while American Wie joined her on seven-under 137 after a 68 . "  I feel exhausted . It 's the first event , but it feels like the last event , " Kim , who had four bogeys in her opening nine holes , told reporters . "  It was such a difference coming from yesterday when I teed off first and I did n't really expect much . I do n't know , I think I was too hard on myself the first nine holes and I could n't really find a rhythm . " Wie said the greens were drying out in the hot sun . "  I think it 's a lot firmer . The greens are very fast . I need to stop hitting it five feet past the holes on my putts , " she said . Americans Paula Creamer and Juli Inkster were tied for fourth on five under , shooting 70 and 73 respectively to be level with Japan 's Momoko Ueda  69  and South Korea 's Na Yeon Choi  70  . Norway 's Suzann Pettersen , who won her first major title last year , was tied for eighth after a 72 . Defending champion Ai Miyazato was tied for 25th after a second-round 69 . Meanwhile , Spain 's Rafael Cabrera-Bello holds a one-shot lead after the fog-delayed second round of the men 's European Tour event in India . The world No. 125 shot a three-under 69 at the Avantha Masters in New Delhi on Friday to be clear of a bunch of six players at the halfway stage . Of that group , Thailand 's Thongchai Jaidee and Indian Jeev Milkha Singh can both pass his total of eight-under 136 when they complete their final seven holes on Saturday . World No. 68 Jaidee is the only player in the field ranked inside the top-100 . An incredible nine players shared the lead after the opening round of the PGA Tour 's Northern Trust Open in Los Angeles on Thursday . John Senden set the clubhouse target with a four-under 67 at Riviera Country Club , then was joined by fellow Australians Robert Allenby and Aaron Baddeley , Britain 's Martin Laird , Sweden 's Carl Pettersson and Americans Spencer Levin , Ben Martin , Bill Haas and J.B. Holmes . Three-time major winner Padraig Harrington , former world No. 1s Vijay Singh and Fred Couples , plus European Ryder Cup star Luke Donald were in another group of nine on 68 .	In-Kyung Kim keeps Thai lead despite struggling with a one-over 73 on Friday Yani Tseng and Michelle Wie tied for second , one shot adrift , at the halfway stage Spain 's Rafael Cabrera-Bello holds a one-shot lead at fog-hit Avantha Masters in India Nine players shared the lead after the opening round of the PGA Tour 's Northern Trust Open
Washington  CNN  -- GOP presidential candidate Herman Cain faced a new claim of sexually inappropriate behavior Monday as a Chicago woman told reporters the former head of the National Restaurant Association groped her after a dinner together in 1997 . Sharon Bialek , who worked at the restaurant group 's education foundation until shortly before the alleged groping incident , said Cain unexpectedly put his hand on her leg beneath her skirt "  toward my genitals . " She also said he pushed her head toward his crotch . Cain stopped when she protested , Bialek told a news conference . Looking into the television cameras , Bialek said : "  I want you , Mr. Cain , to come clean . Just admit what you did . " Gloria Allred a girl 's best friend The accusation follows the disclosure last week that the restaurant association provided payments to two women who left the group after alleging sexual harassment by Cain , also in the late 1990s . Cain has denied all accusations of sexual harassment , and his campaign put out a fresh denial after Bialek made her accusations on Monday . "  All allegations of harassment against Mr. Cain are completely false , " a campaign statement said . "  Mr. Cain has never harassed anyone . " Earlier accuser 's attorney talks to CNN Since becoming public on October 30 in a report by Politico , the sexual harassment accusations have overwhelmed the bid by the former pizza company executive to win the Republican presidential nomination . Cain , a favorite of tea party conservatives , has risen to the top of the polls following strong performances in several debates and the release of his "  9-9-9 " tax plan that sets flat 9 % rates for corporate and income taxes and also creates a 9 % national sales tax . However , Bialek 's accusation raises fresh questions about whether Cain has been candid about the allegations that he sexually harassed women at the restaurant association when he headed the group from 1996-99 . Bialek said she started to work at the group 's foundation in 1996 but was laid off in 1997 . The association confirmed Bialek 's employment dates as December 30 , 1996 , to June 20 , 1997 . Shortly after getting let go , Bialek said , she contacted Cain -- whom she had met at the group 's Chicago convention -- to seek help in finding a job . She traveled to Washington , where Cain worked , and found he had upgraded her hotel room to a luxury suite without telling her . They had dinner at an Italian restaurant , she said , and then Cain asked if she had been to the association offices in the capital . Cain made his advances on the way , according to Bialek . "  He said , ` You want a job , right ? ' " she told reporters at the news conference organized by celebrity attorney Gloria Allred . Bialek took no questions from reporters , but Allred said Bialek had told two people at the time about what happened . Bialek filed no complaint with the restaurant association because she no longer worked there , Allred said . Asked why Bialek was coming forward now , Allred said it was in solidarity with Cain 's other accusers and harassed women everywhere . Cain has previously complained the sexual harassment allegations amount to a baseless media onslaught against his campaign . Polls have yet to indicate any significant effect on his support -- in fact , the campaign reported a spike in donations Monday . Cain spokesman J.D. Gordon told CNN the campaign raked in $ 2 million during the past week . By comparison , Cain raised $ 2.8 million between June and October . On Sunday , one of Cain 's rivals called for keeping the issue alive , saying the necessary scrutiny of presidential candidates requires Cain to answer all questions about what happened . On Saturday , Cain scolded reporters who asked about the issue following a debate with fellow conservative Newt Gingrich in Texas . "  Do n't even go there , " Cain told one questioner who 'd asked about the allegations . Asked again later , he responded : "  What I 'm saying is this -- we are getting back on message , end of story . Back on message . Read all of the other accounts , where everything has been answered -- end of story . " On Friday , a lawyer for one of the accusers reported by Politico released a statement saying she stood by her claims against Cain . However , the woman has so far refused to allow her identity or specifics of her allegations to be made public . In response to the new allegation Monday , the attorney , Joel Bennett , said he believes it corroborates his client 's story and called it "  similar conduct by the same person . " He refused to provide further details . Cain supporters have said the anonymous allegations and lack of details showed the political nature of the accusations reported by Politico . Bialek is the first woman to publicly accuse Cain and provide specifics about what allegedly happened . "  It 's up to Herman Cain to get the information out and get it out in total , " Jon Huntsman , the former Utah governor running far behind Cain in polls so far , told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " program . "  That 's important because we 've got some real issues to discuss in this campaign , and this is taking all the bandwidth out of the discussion . So we 're not able to talk about jobs . We 're not able to talk about our position in the world . And that hurts . " Conservatives , angered by the media attention to the potentially fatal accusations for the tea party favorite 's campaign , argued that the lack of specifics -- with no public disclosure yet of an accuser 's name or specific offense alleged -- showed it was all more circus than substance . Legitimate issue or political drama ? "  Until something comes out that 's concrete , I think it is politics as usual , " retiring Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " To Rep. Darrell Issa , a California Republican backing former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in the GOP race , Cain is undergoing a difficult transition from private business figure to public politician . "  To go directly from being a businessman , without substantial time in the government arena , both the vetting and the knowledge of it , is really hard , " Issa told NBC . "  It 's virtually impossible " and in Cain 's presidential quest , may be "  a bridge too far . " Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a strong Democratic Party voice , suggested Cain 's troubles were only part of the problem for Republicans on women 's issues . "  I think what you 're seeing is a huge assault on women 's rights in the Republican parties , and an extreme right-wing that has taken over that is going to make it very difficult for anybody in a general election in the Republican Party to be a centrist , " Richardson said on NBC . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Shannon Travis contributed to this report .	NEW : Cain camp reports $ 2 million haul since allegations broke Chicago woman says Cain made an unwanted sexual advance in 1997 "  Just admit what you did , " Sharon Bialek says of Cain Cain 's campaign denies any sexual harassment on his part
CNN  -- Do you remember that scene in "  E.T. " where the kids fly away on their BMXs ? After seeing it , did you too want to pedal your bike down the street , over your house and past the moon ? Well , now that fantasy can be reality with the invention of the Paravelo flying bicycle . A pair of flight enthusiasts , John Foden , 37 , and Yannick Read , 42 , have devised a two-wheeled bike -- christened the XploreAir Paravelo -- that transforms into an aircraft . The British inventors say it is the world 's first fully functional flying bicycle . The machine can travel at speeds of up to 15 miles per hour on the road and 25 miles per hour in the air , reaching altitudes of up to 4,000 feet . "  The Wright brothers were former bicycle mechanics so there 's a real connection between cycling and the birth of powered flight that is recaptured in the spirit of the Paravelo , " says so-creator John Foden . The flying bicycle looks like a conventional bike connected to a lightweight trailer , which houses a giant fan , fuel for the contraption 's engine and the flexible fold-away wing . Both the airframe and bike are made from aircraft grade aluminum . The bicycle can be disconnected from its trailer for inner city use , then docks to form a ` para-trike ' for take-off . In order to fly , the bike and trailer are fastened together , the wing is unfurled and an electric starter fires the biofuel-powered 249cc motor . Tired Tour de France competitors might want to consider this option before taking on a particularly daunting hill climb . The Paravelo needs a long stretch of open ground , clear of obstructions for takeoff . Once airborne , it can stay in the air for up to three hours . Once it 's in the air , the flying bicycle 's inventors say that it controls like a conventional fan-powered paraglider . The fan can also be detached entirely from its housing and strapped directly onto your back . Worn like this , no license is required to fly it in many countries -- including the U.S. and the UK -- but the United States Powered Paragliding Association strenuously recommends proper training . So unless you have done it before , jumping off the closest cliff in your new Paravelo is not recommended . The bicycle is small enough to be taken on public transport , and the entire vehicle can be stowed in a garage or carried up stairs and stored at home . Foden says that since childhood he and Read had always wanted to construct a flying bicycle . "  We live in Kingston-upon-Thames , on the outskirts of London , two minutes ' walk from the birthplace of the Sopwith Aviation Company -- a British aircraft company that built aircraft including the Sopwith Camel for the Royal Air Force in World War I , " he said . "  We spent our childhoods riding bikes and dreaming of flight . " Foden and Read hope that at $ 16,000 the Paravelo will appeal to inner-city flight hobbyists , and believe that it may also be be useful as a "  cost-effective aerial reconnaissance vehicle for forest rangers and border patrols . " The flying bicycle 's inventors are now looking for support through Kickstarter and have so far raised approximately a tenth of their $ 78,000 goal . A film of the Paravelo in action can be seen on YouTube .	British inventors have built a two-wheeled bicycle that quickly transforms into an aircraft The Paravelo flying bicycle can fly to an altitude 4,000 feet at 25mph The bike can be be taken on public transport and stored in a garage or flat
CNN  -- A former New Jersey woman now living in Nevada was arrested on suspicion of abducting her daughter during a custody struggle more than 25 years ago , authorities said . Nancy Dunsavage Fiedler , 57 , of Incline Village , Nevada , was arrested Tuesday , according to the Somerset County , New Jersey , Prosecutor 's Office and the Washoe County , Nevada , Sheriff 's Office . She is accused of fleeing a courthouse in Somerville , New Jersey , with her then-6-year-old daughter , Eva Marie Fiedler , during a custody hearing on August 23 , 1984 . At the time , the girl 's father had full custody of her , according to New Jersey prosecutors . On June 28 , 1985 , Nancy Fiedler failed to appear for an arraignment on charges of interference with custody , and a warrant was issued for her arrest . The case resurfaced Tuesday , when Eva Marie Fiedler , now 32 , attempted to change her name to Melissa Reed in order to obtain a marriage license in Washoe County , Somerset County prosecutors said in a release . A background check found a listing in the National Crime Information Center for Eva Marie Fiedler as a missing child out of New Jersey . "  Investigating deputies determined that -LSB- Nancy Fiedler -RSB- had changed her name to Debbie Reed and was living in Incline Village , " near Lake Tahoe , the Washoe County Sheriff 's Office said in a release . Washoe County authorities contacted Somerset County prosecutors , who asked the sheriff 's office to locate Debbie Reed . They did so Tuesday night . "  Deputies noted that ` Debbie Reed ' displayed the same descriptors as noted in the NCIC warrant for defendant Fiedler , " New Jersey prosecutors said . After a brief interview , the woman admitted to authorities that she was Nancy Fiedler , Nevada authorities said , and was arrested . Eva Marie Fielder apparently had no idea she had been abducted or that her mother was sought by police , according to CNN affiliate KRNV . It was unclear why she was attempting to change her name . Capt. David Nikoley of the Washoe County Sheriff 's Office told CNN Thursday that authorities are n't sure whether the girl knew of her abduction or why she sought the name change . Investigators in Nevada have not interviewed her yet , he said , and are awaiting a request to do so from New Jersey . "  The dust has n't settled yet , " he said . Washoe County authorities issued a statement saying the girl is now 31 , but a flyer posted on a "  Protect Your Kids " internet forum lists her birthday as May 9 , 1978 , meaning she would now be 32 . The same forum , in a thread marked "  Parental Abduction , " has a posting dated January 2010 from a person self-identified as Eva Marie Fiedler 's cousin . "  Myself and our whole family would love more than anything to have her back , " the posting says . " ... Please Eva Marie we all want you to come back and we all promise you will be safe with us we all love you ... if you or your mom are just afraid to come back , we promise you will be safe . " New Jersey prosecutors will extradite Nancy Fiedler from Nevada , according to the statement . Washoe County said she was being held at the county detention facility on a no-bail warrant pending that extradition . "  Throughout the years , detectives from the Somerset County Prosecutor 's Office have followed dozens of leads , both domestic and international , in an attempt to locate defendant Fiedler and her daughter , " with the assistance of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , the statement said . "  Detectives have stated that throughout the years defendant Fiedler was able to remain undetected by obtaining a number of identities for her and her daughter , " prosecutors said . According to the Asbury Park Press newspaper in New Jersey , authorities charged Nancy Fiedler 's sister and the sister 's husband with conspiracy to interfere with a custody order and contempt of court in the case , three years after the girl 's disappearance . Prosecutors claimed the two , who were living in California , helped Nancy Fiedler keep the girl from her father . The couple was acquitted following a weeklong trial in 1988 , despite admitting Nancy Fiedler and the girl had stayed with them for several months , the newspaper said . The couple claimed they had had no contact with the two since they moved out . The girl 's father , identified as Greg Fiedler , testified during the trial , the Asbury Park Press said . Attempts by CNN to contact Greg Fiedler on Thursday were unsuccessful . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Authorities were tipped off after girl , now 32 , applied for a marriage license Her mother is being held in Nevada pending extradition to New Jersey Police say she at first gave another name but later admitted her identity
CNN  It 's proving to be a roller-coaster ride for Ghana at this year 's Africa Cup of Nations . After the heartache of conceding a last-minute winner against Senegal in its opener , ecstasy has followed with the Black Stars stealing all three points at the death in their second Group C match against tournament favorite Algeria . Following 91 minutes of a game of football that had very little to show for it , Asamoah Gyan -- back for Ghana after a bout of malaria -- was on hand to keep his nation 's dream of a first Africa Cup of Nations title in 33 years alive . Despite a poor showing , but for a handful of minutes at this tournament , Avram Grant 's men will take heart from beating the competition 's highest-ranked team -- the last time it defeated Algeria in the Africa Cup of Nations , it went on to win the whole thing in 1982 . The result means Ghana is now level on points with Algeria but leapfrogs the North African nation into Group C 's second qualifying spot due to its superior head-to-head record . The day 's late game between South Africa and Senegal ended 1-1 , leaving Group C very tight -- South Africa sit top , one point ahead of Ghana and Algeria , with bottom-placed South Africa a further two points adrift . Ghana 's chances of a victory against Algeria did not look quite so bright at halftime , however , following a cagey , scrappy 45 minutes bereft of any real quality , with the Black Stars desperate not to lose and the Desert Foxes happy with a draw . Given that it was pretty much a must-not-lose affair for Ghana in Mongomo , Equatorial Guinea , jangling nerves were perhaps to be expected . And they certainly had their wicked way in the first half , with a poor touch from Brimah Razak in Ghana 's goal almost handing Yacine Brahimi the opener on a plate , only for the keeper to recover in time . Algeria , equally , struggled to make an impact , lacking the enthusiasm going forward it showed in last summer 's World Cup , though it did come closest to scoring in a drab first half through Nabil Bentaleb , who fired wide an Aissa Mandi delivery . Ghana appeared a somewhat different team after the break , perhaps realizing that three points might be vital towards ensuring a first Africa Cup of Nations group-stage exit since 2006 is avoided . Gyan first went close , heading an Harrison Afful cross agonizingly wide , while Andre Ayew and Jordan Ayew also had chances -- the older sibling heading over after his younger brother had earlier fired a flicked effort off target . Inspired by its opponent , Algeria also picked up its performance going forward , resulting in a rather more open second 45 minutes . One constant from the first half , however , remained -- a lack of quality in the final third . That was until a shattered Gyan latched onto a long ball forward over the top deep into stoppage time and picked out the bottom corner . "  Asamoah is a great player with a fantastic attitude . He was ill but he played the 90 minutes and scored at the end , " Grant told FIFA 's official website following his first competitive win as Ghana coach . "  He is a great player but also a great personality . But it 's not just the victory of one player . It 's the victory of a whole team . " The second match at Estadio de Mongomo saw South Africa and Senegal play out a far more entertaining affair , with the second half coming alive after an uninspiring opening 45 minutes . Although eventually succumbing to a 3-1 defeat against Algeria Monday , it was South Africa that started the brighter and took the lead on that occasion -- and it was similar for the Bafana Bafana this time around . The 1996 champion was the more threatening team in the first half and came out of the blocks firing after the restart as Oupa Manyisa converted a cross from the right into the bottom corner of the net with an excellent first-time finish . Senegal , insipid in attack up to that point , was soon awoken and thought it had found an equalizer through Sadio Mane shortly after , only for the goal to be disallowed due to offside . Minutes later , though , and the Lions of Teranga had leveled , with Kara Mbodj rising highest to head home Pape Diop 's free-kick past the stranded Jackson Mabokgwane . With momentum on its side , it was Senegal who looked the more likely to score another , attempting to replicate Monday 's comeback victory over Ghana . This time , however , there was to be no last-minute winner for Alain Giresse 's side , yet it still had the consolation of ending the evening sitting atop Group C.	Ghana beats Algeria 1-0 with last-minute winner from Asamoah Gyan Gyan was back in the Ghana team after recovering from bout of malaria Win keeps Black Stars hopes of first AFCON triumph in 33 years alive Senegal draws 1-1 with South Africa to move top of Group C
CNN  Six weeks into the murder trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez , jurors in Fall River , Massachusetts , are getting more pieces of a time line leading up to the 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd , a semi-pro football player who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiance . Taking center stage this week -- videotape never before seen in public , taken from Hernandez 's own home security system . Prosecutors are using that grainy footage to suggest Hernandez is holding a .45 - caliber handgun -- the same kind police say was used to kill Lloyd . Hernandez is seen on camera pulling into his driveway minutes after Lloyd was shot to death in an industrial park about a mile from Hernandez ' Boston home . "  In my opinion , the firearm shown in the video stills is a Glock pistol , " Glock sales manager Kyle Aspinwall testifies . Hernandez , Ernest Wallace , and Carlos Ortiz are seen on the same security video , recorded at about 3:30 a.m. on June 17 , 2013 , after the men walk into Hernandez 's home . All three have been charged with murder in the death of Lloyd and have pleaded not guilty . Wallace and Ortiz are being tried separately . The video is time-stamped minutes after workers in a nearby industrial park describe hearing loud noises like fireworks -- the moment prosecutors say Lloyd was gunned down after getting out of a car driven by Hernandez . Jurors lean forward in their chairs , peering into monitors and scribbling notes as Aspinwall , a former Massachusetts state trooper and New Hampshire police chief , takes them frame by frame through video during two days of testimony . Aspinwall tells jurors Hernandez appears to be holding the pistol by its muzzle as he 's standing at his basement door . The defense will have none of it . They attack Aspinwall 's credentials . Aspinwall is well-schooled in Glocks but admits he does n't consider himself a gun identification expert . Hernandez 's lawyers then show a different part of the video time-stamped a few seconds earlier with Hernandez holding what appears to be a shiny object in one hand , suggesting it may be an iPad . "  Glock pistols do n't have white glows to them , do they ? " defense attorney James Sultan asks . "  No , they do not , " Aspinwall answers . Sultan then displays a soft-pellet gun similar in shape to a Glock , suggesting it could also be the object Hernandez is holding . Prosecutors dispute the suggestion . "  Are you aware of anybody going pellet gun shooting at 3:30 in the morning ? " Bristol County Assistant District Attorney Patrick Bomberg asks Aspinwall . University of New Hampshire law professor Michael McCann calls the Glock expert 's findings powerful ; yet , he thinks the defense did a solid job of raising questions about the fuzzy video . "  The jury might think that the defense is just throwing things against the wall , " he says . "  But on the other hand , the jury may feel like it could be one of a dozen things . That 's reasonable doubt . " One thing not in dispute : the alleged murder weapon remains missing . So does a solid motive . Prosecutors could be laying the groundwork for showing more surveillance video of Hernandez -- who at the time was a star receiver for the New England Patriots -- partying with Lloyd and Hernandez 's personal barber at Rumor nightclub two nights before Lloyd 's death . Investigators say Hernandez was angry that Lloyd was talking to some people that night . Hernandez and Lloyd are not seen together on a camera pointed at the club 's bar , and they appear to be separated for a time when they leave , but so far there 's no testimony about what may have gone wrong . What might Hernandez 's fiance say ? Akil Joseph , a longtime friend of Lloyd 's who takes the stand , tells jurors he talked with Lloyd at the club and says he appeared "  normal . " When Azil Joseph leaves the stand , he keeps his eyes locked on Hernandez until he walks past the defense table . Cameras show Hernandez leaving the bar , but they do not show the moment when a parking valet testified he saw what he believed to be a gun in Hernandez 's waistband . The valet 's hotel security boss tells jurors he did n't see a weapon under the football player 's shirt . Near the club , Hernandez is in his SUV with Lloyd and another friend . Hernandez offers a ride to Jennifer Fortier , his babysitter , who happened to be nearby with a friend . Fortier tells jurors Hernandez and Lloyd were smoking pot . Despite her objections , Hernandez drives her and the friend to Hernandez 's so-called "  flophouse " about 20 minutes from Gillette Stadium , the Patriots ' home field in Foxborough . Fortier testifies that Hernandez "  tried kissing me . " "  I told him ` No , I 'm your nanny . I ca n't do this , ' " she adds . "  He said he understood ... and he was n't mad at me . "	Aaron Hernandez on trial for death of Odin Lloyd Testimony focused on security video from Hernandez 's home Debate over whether Hernandez holding gun or electronic device
CNN  -- A Delaware doctor and his wife were arrested this week after their daughter told authorities that she was punished by "  waterboarding , " police said . The 11-year-old girl said her father , pediatrician Melvin Morse , would hold her face under a running faucet causing the water to shoot up her nose , according to Delaware State Police . The punishments occurred four times between 2009 and 2011 . Pauline Morse , the girl 's mother , apparently witnessed the abuse and failed to stop it , police said . Attorneys for Pauline Morse could not be immediately reached for comment . But Melvin Morse 's attorney said he does n't believe the allegations , though has n't yet spoken to his client about them . "  The guy is a caring sensitive individual , " said Joe Hurley , a Wilmington-based attorney . "  It 's unimaginable that he would expose his child to that kind of danger . He 's very interested in caring for people . It does n't equate that he would do that to his own child . " Morse has written on near-death experiences among children , authoring a 1991 book called "  Closer to the Light . " He was also interviewed by CNN 's Larry King about the subject , and runs a nonprofit called The Institute for the Scientific Study of Consciousness . Authorities were first alerted to allegations of abuse in July when they went to Morse 's Georgetown home . His daughter accused him of grabbing her by the ankle , dragging her across a gravel driveway and spanking her , police said . Morse was arrested four days later and posted bond . But his attorney offered a different account of what transpired that day . Hurley said the family returned from a trip when their daughter refused to get out of the car , sitting there for about four hours . Morse then picked her up and carried her out of the car a short distance to the house , his attorney said . "  There was no dragging involved , " Hurley added . The following morning , he said , she visited a friend 's house and recounted the incident there . A phone call describing the alleged abuse was then apparently made to authorities , Hurley said . It 's not clear who made the call . But it was during a follow-up police interview with the child on Monday that she made the allegation that her father had "  waterboarded " her as punishment , a term she said he used , according to police . Morse and his wife were arrested Tuesday . Both face charges of reckless endangerment , conspiracy and endangering the welfare of a child , police said . He is being held on $ 14,500 bail , while his wife was released after posting similar bail . Both were ordered to have no contact with their 11-year-old daughter or her 5-year-old sister , who are currently in protective custody . Do you own your child 's body ? The Delaware Department of Justice issued an emergency petition Wednesday to have Morse 's medical license suspended . The couple are expected to appear at a preliminary hearing in coming weeks . CNN 's Jack Maddox , Susan Candiotti and George Lerner contributed to this report .	The daughter claims her father held her face under the faucet The 11-year-old said her father called it "  waterboarding " Morse specializes in near-death experiences in children and wrote a book about it
CNN  -- The United States has formally dropped criminal charges against former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , who was killed in a U.S. military raid in Pakistan last month . In federal court in Manhattan on Friday , prosecutors disposed of a 1998 indictment that charged bin Laden with murder and conspiracy to kill Americans for his role in attacking U.S. embassies in East Africa in 1998 . The indictment also alleged that bin Laden tried to attack U.S. defense assets . The bombing of U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , killed 224 people . A raid by U.S. special operations forces killed bin Laden in Abbottabad , Pakistan , on May 2 . Preet Bharara , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , asked for the change , a request that Judge Lewis Kaplan granted in a brief order . The action came after a thorough analysis confirmed that bin Laden did indeed die after Navy SEALs raided his compound , according to an affidavit from a top U.S. government official that was included in the filing . The officials noted that facial recognition and photograph analysis confirmed the identity , along with DNA testing of the body . "  The possibility of a mistaken identification is approximately one in 11.8 quadrillion , " the official said . Much of the details regarding proof of his death have been previously reported . The original indictment , filed in secret June 8 , 1998 , accused bin Laden of murder and conspiracy to kill Americans , among other charges , after the cab bombings that year at the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . He was the only one originally charged , but other terror leaders were added to that indictment . Typically , court indictments are dismissed when the defendant dies or is convicted on other unrelated cases . Such requests to drop charges are procedural and routine . Pending federal criminal indictments remain against other top al Qaeda officials and their associates . Those include open charges against Ayman al-Zawahiri , who was reported this week to have succeeded bin Laden as leader of al Qaeda . Other pending criminal indictments will probably be amended in coming weeks or months to remove bin Laden 's name , including his self-admitted role as mastermind of the terrorist attacks on Washington and New York on September 11 , 2001 . A number of other civil lawsuits have been filed by surviving victims and family members of the 9/11 attacks , seeking to hold bin Laden and his terror network financially responsible for causing the worst terror attacks ever on U.S. soil . The disposition of those cases remains unclear . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Facial recognition and DNA tests confirmed bin Laden 's death , affidavit says NEW : Chance of mistaken ID is about 1 in 11.8 quadrillion , official says in affidavit The U.S. accused bin Laden in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in East Africa A U.S. military raid killed bin Laden on May 2
Kevin Vickers led the procession solemnly , silently . Yet there was noise all around him -- and all for him . One day earlier , Vickers -- the sergeant-at-arms of Canada 's House of Commons -- was credited with gunning down an armed man who 'd stormed in minutes after killing a Canadian soldier standing guard at a nearby veterans memorial . Parliamentarians responded Thursday by saluting Vickers with a spirited standing ovation as he walked , in front of the line , as part of his ceremonial duties to usher the start of a new session . Their fervent applause was interrupted only by occasional cheers and pounding of benches . Yet Vickers , carrying a ceremonial sword and dressed in traditional attire , nodded gently to acknowledge the ovation but did n't address the crowd . The only time he spoke , and the only hint of a smile , came when Prime Minister Stephen Harper walked back to the sergeant-at-arms seat in the back of the hall -- at which point the two shook hands and Vickers whispered a few words in Harper 's ear . The sergeant-at-arms did offer remarks -- his first since the shootings -- later in a written statement . He said he was "  very touched " by the attention over his role in ending the attack , while adding that he has "  the support of a remarkable security team that is committed to ensuring the safety of Members , employees and visitors " to Parliament . "  Yesterday , during extraordinary circumstances , security personnel demonstrated professionalism and courage . I am grateful and proud to be part of this team , " he said . Royal Canadian Mounted Police Commissioner Bob Paulson said Thursday that Michael Zehaf-Bibeau traded gunshots with an officer before heading down a hall towards Parliament , where Vickers and others engaged him . "  I understood that the suspect and Mr. Vickers were behind pillars and exchanging fire , " Paulson said . "  The suspect repositioned himself to get a better shot at Mr. Vickers ... We heard  a  multitude of shots , and that Mr. Vickers did shoot . " How do you characterize what the 58-year-old Vickers did that day ? Members of Parliament , the media and the public resoundingly settled on one word : hero . As parliamentarian Craig Scott tweeted , "  MPs and Hill staff owe their safety , even lives , to Sergeant at Arms Kevin Vickers . " Had a ceremonial and law enforcement role Vickers is n't a stranger to the spotlight , although he 's typically on the edge of it . When world leaders come through Ottawa , he is often right beside them at the House of Commons . Photo after photo from the past few years show him , a handful of Canadian politicians and the international figures -- from Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott to German Chancellor Angela Merkel to South Korean President Park Geun-Hye -- on hand . This is all part of the ceremonial duties of sergeant-at-arms , a position that 's been occupied by only 10 people since its inception in 1867 . Vickers , for instance , is sometimes charged with carrying a special sword in the commission of his duties . Yet , for all the pomp and circumstance , Vickers is above all a man of the law . That speaks to his bigger role at the House of Commons as its top law enforcement officer , charged with overseeing security on the grounds and safeguarding various officials . To put what he did Wednesday in perspective , consider this : He was like a police chief or sheriff who takes out his weapon and ends a violent attack . On the one hand , Vickers is n't new to law enforcement , having spent 28 years with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . Yet despite all that time , his brother believes that Wednesday was the first time Vickers ever exchanged gunfire with anyone . "  For it now to happen at Parliament ... is unbelievable , " John Vickers told CNN . "  We 're just relieved he 's OK . " Who was the gunman ? Reporter who knows Vickers calls him ` an utmost professional ' John Vickers describes his brother as "  an exemplary individual who , throughout ... his career , put his country and his community first . " That includes all his years with Canada 's national police force , including a high-profile stint in the province of New Brunswick during a tense time there . "  He was always cool under pressure ; he was always respectful and accommodating , " Andree Lau , a former CBC journalist who is now The Huffington Post 's British Columbia news editor , told CNN . Lau remembers Vickers , from the time she met him in the 2000s , as "  a stand-up guy  who is  well-trained . " Asked about his exploits Wednesday , Lau said , "  It 's not surprising at all . Because  Vickers  is an utmost professional . " Vickers left the RCMP to become the House of Commons ' security director , the CBC reported . He became sergeant-at-arms in 2006 , where he has impressed many with his demeanor as much as his professionalism . Tweeted Glenn Thibeault , a parliamentarian from Sudbury : "  Sgt at arms Kevin Vickers-nicest guy you 'll ever meet . I am lucky to call him a friend . "  Today he is also our hero and we are 4evr grateful . "	Police official : Vickers exchanged gunshots from behind a pillar Brother : This was the first time Vickers exchanged gunfire over a long career He became sergeant-at-arms for Canada 's House of Commons in 2006 One legislator calls him the "  nicest guy you 'll ever meet " and "  our hero "
CNN  -- It may lack the grace of an airship , or the class of Concorde , but the "  Multicopter " has a style all of its own . This somewhat awkward looking vehicle is the work of German company e-volo and a prototype has just made its first manned flight , after completing unmanned trials . With e-volo 's Thomas Senkel strapped into the center of its four-limbed frame , it flew for one minute and 30 seconds over a field in Southern Germany , powered by 16 small rotor blades . E-volo says its creation is powered entirely by lithium batteries and can carry a load of around 80kg -- about as much as it weighs . Watch "  Multicopter 's " first manned flight . While the maiden flight may not have lasted long or covered much distance , it was enough to convince its designers that it has the potential to develop further . "  It could go longer , " said e-volo 's Alexander Zosel . "  But for safety we decided before the take off to fly one minutes 30 seconds . " "  This was a proof of concept , not really safe to fly , " he added . "  We work on a prototype that we will fly in summer 2012 very safely . " The pilot steers the Multicopter using a joystick and , despite looking as though it might be grounded by a strong gust of wind , it is very easy to control , according to Zosel . Although there 's plenty of development work left to do , e-volo believes the vehicle could one day be have a variety of uses , including an air taxi . And they say its ability to hover in one place means it has the potential to be used for search and rescue missions . "  There are many possible applications , " said Zosel . "  We see it becoming a widespread form of personal transport . "	The German-made "  Multicopter " has made its first manned flight It is powered by 16 small rotor blades , fueled by lithium batteries Creators say finished model could be used as an air taxi
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A spate of suicides at France Telecom has put the spotlight on workplace stress and the devastating impact it can have on employees . France Telecom employees protest against work conditions following a colleague 's suicide . There have been 24 suicides and 13 attempted suicides among France Telecom 's 100,000 employees since the beginning of 2008 . Labor unions blame restructuring and poor working conditions for creating a climate of stress . Last week a 51-year old father of two jumped to his death from a bridge . He was reported to have left a letter blaming his death on the "  atmosphere " at work , according to media reports . The deputy chief executive of France Telecom Monday resigned in the wake of the staff suicides . Louis-Pierre Wenes said in a message to staff : "  Despite the hard edge of the technological and economic fight , especially in our business , nothing can justify men and women putting an end to their lives . Today , like before , I can not accept it . " Patricia Pegg Jones is health and well-being program leader at the Work Foundation . She told CNN that the economic downturn has increased pressures on employees . "  In the current recession people have less control ; there 's more uncertainty and a lack of security , " she said . She told CNN there is evidence that workers are more likely to suffer from stress in the recession and also a higher incidence of "  presenteeism " -- when employees go to work despite being unwell . Pegg Jones says that a lack of workplace autonomy can also impact employees ' health , with research showing that workers who have less control over their work are more likely to be ill . She said employers can help workers in times of uncertainty by being open and communicating effectively with them , explaining what changes are in store . "  Employers have to recognize that people take changes differently ; some people can deal with the uncertainty and other people undergo a paralysis , " she told CNN . "  It 's important to recognize that workers do n't all respond the same way to restructuring and the impact of recession . " Stress is one workplace hazard that can be detrimental to employees ' health , but working too hard can be just as dangerous . In Japan , deaths among overworked employees are so common there is even a word to describe the phenomenon -- "  karoshi , " or "  death from overwork . " Toshiro Ueyanagi is a lawyer specializing in cases of "  karoshi . " He told CNN that most deaths related to overwork are from heart attacks and strokes , and that overwork can also result in mental illness . Ueyanagi says it can be hard to prove that a death is the result of overwork and while the Japanese government recognized 377 cases of "  karoshi " last year , he believes the number could be closer to 10,000 . "  I think there are two reasons why "  karoshi " is prevalent in Japan -- a hard-working tradition and very weak laws and regulation in the workplace , " he told CNN . Ueyanagi says the word "  karoshi " came into common use around 1990 , when Japanese workers began working longer hours in response to competition from overseas and in response to the recession at the time . He adds that despite increased awareness of the dangers of overwork , de-regulation and increased global competition mean that Japanese workers are working harder than ever . "  Some workers have lost their jobs and workers who remain in the workplace have to work harder than before , " he told CNN . In July 2008 a Japanese labor bureau ruled that a Toyota employee died from heart disease caused by overwork . His wife 's lawyers said that in the two months leading up to his death he averaged over 80 hours of overtime per month . Ueyanagi says that in recent years there have been cases of "  karoshi " among Japanese women , especially those working as schoolteachers and middle managers . As well as representing victims ' families in "  karoshi " cases , Ueyanagi has established a "  karoshi " hotline , which receives between 400 and 500 calls each year from families seeking compensation and people asking how to prevent "  karoshi " or deal with stress . But there are personal reasons behind Ueyanagi 's crusade against "  karoshi . " "  I think my father died from cancer because he was too busy to see a doctor , " he told CNN . "  It 's one reason why I take this phenomenon seriously . "	24 suicides among France Telecom employees since the beginning of 2008 Recession means there is more chance of workers suffering from stress In Japan there are more than 300 annual cases of "  death from overwork "
CNN  -- Actress Jean Stapleton , best known for her role as Archie Bunker 's wife in the groundbreaking 1970s sitcom "  All in the Family , " has died , her son said Saturday . She was 90 years old . Her son John Putch told CNN about her passing and , along with his sister Pamela Putch , wrote an obituary saying that she "  passed away peacefully of natural causes " on Friday at her New York City home "  surrounded by friends and her immediate family . " "  No one gave more profound ` how to be a human being ' lessons than Jean Stapleton , " said Norman Lear , who produced and directed "  All in the Family . " "  Goodbye Edith , darling . " The daughter of an opera singer and businessman , Stapleton grew up on Long Island and in New York City . It was there during the early 1940s , while working as a typist for the British War Ministry Office , that she began her career in theater . Share you memories Stapleton made it to Broadway in the production "  In the Summer House " in 1953 , the same year of her television debut on the daytime drama "  Woman With a Past . " Other big stage roles followed , including in "  Bells Are Ringing " and "  Damn Yankees . " She also did more and more television , including appearances on shows such as "  Philco TV Playhouse " and "  Dr. Kildare . " Her breakout role was as Edith Bunker , the conscience of "  All in the Family " as the kindhearted foil to husband Archie , played by the late Carroll O'Connor . "  All in the Family " was one of television 's most popular shows as it broke ground while tackling a host of social issues such as racism , sexuality , life and death . Edith Bunker , played by Stapleton , for instance revealed that she had breast cancer on the show , a rare occurrence at the time . "  I just loved doing it from the very beginning , " Stapleton told CNN in 2001 , shortly after O'Connor 's death . She won three Emmy awards -- in 1971 , 1972 and 1978 , in addition to five other nominations in which he she fell short -- for her performance in that Lear-helmed show . Entertainers mourn Stapleton : ' A great actress and a wonderful lady ' "  Jean was a brilliant comedienne with exquisite timing , " said Rob Reiner , who played the Bunkers ' son-in-law referred to as "  Meathead " on the show . "  Working with her was one of the greatest experiences of my life . " Stapleton kept busy after the show went off in the air in 1979 and kept on racking up more accomplishments . Those include Emmy nominations in 1982 for playing Eleanor Roosevelt in the CBS miniseries "  Eleanor , First Lady of the World " and in 1995 as Aunt Vivian in a guest spot on the ABC comedy "  Grace Under Fire . " "  RIP Jean Stapleton , " tweeted fellow TV comedy veteran Roseanne Barr , "  a great actor whose range was unbelievable , deep and majestic . " In 2002 she was chosen for the Television Academy Hall of Fame , joining the likes of Tim Conway and Bob Mackie in that organization 's 15th induction class . Her most recent on-screen credits , according to the IMDB website , are from 2001 when she appeared in the film "  Pursuit of Happiness " and the TV movie "  Like Mother Like Son : The Strange Story of Sante and Kenny Kimes " along with Mary Tyler Moore . And after "  All in the Family , " she continued working in theater , including a nationwide tour as Roosevelt in her one-woman show "  Eleanor : Her Secret Journey , " the Broadway revival of "  Arsenic and Lace " and Obie Award performances in Harold Pinter 's "  Mountain Language " and "  The Birthday Party . " Her final stage appearance was in "  The Carpetbagger 's Children " a few blocks from her home in New York , to which she returned permanently in 2002 . Calling her "  our collective Mother , with a capital M , " John and Pamela Putch -- Stapleton 's two children with her husband William Putch , whom she married in 1957 and who died in 1983 -- said "  her devotion to her craft and her family taught us all great lessons . " "  In her own words , she was an ` actress , ' not a celebrity , " they wrote in her obituary . "  The play always came first . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Working with her was one of the greatest experiences of my life , " Rob Reiner says Jean Stapleton won 3 Emmy awards for her role as Edith Bunker She died "  peacefully " at her New York City home , her family says Stapleton was a stage actress who went on to star in television
CNN  If you  or , more likely , your kids  are still singing those "  Frozen " tunes over a year later , you 'll have a brand new set of tunes in the not-too-distant future . Disney officially announced the most obvious sequel in recent years , "  Frozen 2 , " on Thursday to stockholders , along with more major movie news . The original creative team of Chris Buck , Jennifer Lee and Peter Del Vecho will return , and Josh Gad  Olaf himself  was on hand to make the announcement . Cast member Kristen Bell also shared the news with her Twitter followers . No release date yet , fans , but do n't "  let it go , " as you should know soon .	Disney officially announced "  Frozen 2 " on Thursday Olaf and friends will return to theaters soon Same creative team will return
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is weighing a possible military role to help the Libyan revolt against leader Moammar Gadhafi , but top U.S. officials warn that the issue is controversial . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told a Senate panel Wednesday that "  there may well be a role for military assets to get equipment and supplies into areas that have a need for them " and in areas where the United States is welcome . But she noted the Arab League statement issued Wednesday that rejected "  any foreign interference within Libya on behalf of the opposition , even though they have called for Gadhafi to leave . " "  The tough issues about how and whether there would be any intervention to assist those who are opposing Libya is very controversial within Libya and within the Arab community , " Clinton told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . "  So we are working closely with our partners and allies to try to see what we can do and we are engaged in very active consideration of all the different options that are available . " Two senior officials in the Arab League said the group 's members have agreed not to accept any foreign intervention in Libya ; they also agreed that they will consult with other Arab League members in order to protect Libyans ' security . But the league can not ignore the suffering of civilians and would consider the imposition of a no-fly zone in coordination with the African Union if fighting were to continue , said Hisham Yousef , chief of staff of the Arab League . Senator John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , called for the United States to impose a no-fly zone over Libya . While he noted that the Libyan people were n't asking for foreign troops , he said they "  do need the tools to prevent the slaughter of innocents on Libyan streets . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates , speaking to a House committee , said creating a no-fly zone would have to begin with an attack on Libya . "  If it 's ordered , we can do it , but ... there 's a lot of , frankly , loose talk about some of these military options , and let 's just call a spade a spade . A no-fly zone begins with an attack on Libya to destroy the air defenses . That 's the way you do a no-fly zone , and then you can fly planes around the country and not worry about our guys being shot down , " he told a House Appropriations hearing . "  But that 's the way it starts . " The administration is far from arming any opposition power , primarily because U.S. officials still do n't know who the opposition is and what they are trying to achieve , senior U.S. officials said . The United States is trying to contact a variety of Libyans in an attempt to figure out who the opposition is , but officials said no single group or individual has emerged in a leadership role . Instead , the rebels appears to be composed of a wide and diverse group of Libyans , including civilians formerly allied with Gadhafi government , former military officers , longtime opponents of the regime and tribal leaders , the officials said . These various factions have divergent goals and perspectives : Some are focused on their individual neighborhoods , others take a more regional or national approach . The sole unifying factor is they all oppose Gadhafi , the officials said . The lack of a readily identifiable opposition leadership group can be traced to the fact that , during his nearly 42 years of iron rule , Gadhafi has not allowed an opposition center of power to form , the officials said . Though opposition members all want to replace Gadhafi , they may not all be committed to a future democratic Libya , the officials said . "  We are working to understand who is legitimate , who is not , but it is premature in our opinion to recognize one group or another , " Clinton said Wednesday . "  We have to keep our focus at this point on helping the Libyan people . And I think it 's important to recognize that there is a great deal of uncertainty about the motives , the opportunism , if you will , of people who are claiming to be leaders right now . " But pressure for international military intervention appears to be growing as the carnage mounts . Some protesters have charged that troops loyal to Gadhafi have fired on demonstrators , and military planes have bombed several sites held by the opposition . Libya 's ambassador to the United States estimated Monday that as many as 2,000 people may have been killed . "  I believe the global community can not be on the sidelines while airplanes are allowed to bomb and strafe , " said Kerry , who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations committee . "  A no-fly zone is not a long-term proposition , assuming the outcome is what all desire , and I believe that we ought to be ready to implement it as necessary . " Gates said taking such action would also require the United States to put more air assets near Libya , because enforcing a no-fly zone would require a great deal of equipment . "  It also requires more airplanes than you would find on a single aircraft carrier . So it is a big operation in a big country , " Gates said . The U.S. military could speed up deployment of a second aircraft carrier if necessary to support a no-fly zone over Libya or other operations , according to Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Gary Roughead . The USS George H. W. Bush is scheduled to deploy from Norfolk , Virginia , later this spring , Roughead told reporters Wednesday , though it could leave earlier . "  That ship is ready , " he said . He emphasized that it was not his decision to accelerate the deployment . "  That 's not my call . I get the forces ready to go and , so you know , that is an available asset , " Roughead said . He also would not comment on whether a no-fly operation could be enforced over Libya from a single aircraft carrier . The carrier USS Enterprise is believed to be nearby in the Red Sea . "  That would depend on the tasking , " Roughead said . Two amphibious ships moved into the Suez Canal Tuesday with humanitarian response supplies such as water treatment equipment and temporary shelter , Roughead said . Kerry also said he was working on an aid package for the Mideast , saying that a "  significant financial commitment by the U.S. " will be critical to help what he called a "  monumental and uplifting transformation " in the region . Clinton 's appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee was originally slated as a defense of President Barack Obama 's budget for 2012 . She told lawmakers that it is important to continue counterterrorism programs in North Africa , noting that some members of al Qaeda had come from Libya . Clinton warned that one of the biggest U.S. concerns is that "  Libya could become a giant Somalia " if the United States is not active in the region . CNN 's Charley Keyes , Adam Levine and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	No single group or person has emerged in a leadership role Some have called for a no-fly zone over Libya Imposing a no-fly zone has to begin with an attack on Libya , Gates says The Arab League rejects any foreign interference in Libya
CNN  -- The U.S. should stop arresting responsible marijuana users , Rep. Barney Frank said Wednesday , announcing a proposal to end federal penalties for Americans carrying fewer than 100 grams , almost a quarter-pound , of the substance . Rep. Barney Frank 's bill would radically curb federal penalties for personal marijuana use . Current laws targeting marijuana users place undue burdens on law enforcement resources , punish ill Americans whose doctors have prescribed the substance and unfairly affect African-Americans , said Frank , flanked by legislators and representatives from advocacy groups . "  The vast amount of human activity ought to be none of the government 's business , " Frank said on Capitol Hill . "  I do n't think it is the government 's business to tell you how to spend your leisure time . " The Massachusetts Democrat and his supporters emphasized that only the use -- and not the abuse -- of marijuana would be decriminalized if the resolution resulted in legislation . Watch Frank lay out the proposal " The Drug Enforcement Administration says people charged with simple possession are rarely incarcerated . The agency and the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy have long opposed marijuana legalization , for medical purposes or otherwise . Marijuana is a Schedule I controlled substance , meaning it has a high potential for abuse and no accepted medical use , according to the drug control office . "  Smoked marijuana has not withstood the rigors of science -- it is not medicine and it is not safe , " the DEA states on its Web site . "  Legalization of marijuana , no matter how it begins , will come at the expense of our children and public safety . It will create dependency and treatment issues , and open the door to use of other drugs , impaired health , delinquent behavior , and drugged drivers . " Allen St. Pierre , spokesman for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , likened Frank 's proposal -- co-sponsored by Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas -- to current laws dealing with alcohol consumption . Alcohol use is permitted , and the government focuses its law enforcement efforts on those who abuse alcohol or drive under its influence , he said . "  We do not arrest and jail responsible alcohol drinkers , " he said . St. Pierre said there are tens of millions of marijuana smokers in the United States , including himself , and hundreds of thousands are arrested each year for medical or personal use . iReport.com : Is it time to legalize pot ? There have been 20 million marijuana-related arrests since 1965 , he said , and 11 million since 1990 , and "  every 38 seconds , a marijuana smoker is arrested . " Rob Kampia , director of the Marijuana Policy Project , said marijuana arrests outnumber arrests for "  all violent crimes combined , " meaning police are spending inordinate amounts of time chasing nonviolent criminals . "  Ending arrests is the key to marijuana policy reform , " he said . Reps. William Lacy Clay , D-Missouri , and Barbara Lee , D-California , said that in addition to targeting nonviolent offenders , U.S. marijuana laws unfairly target African-Americans . Clay said he did not condone drug use but opposes using tax dollars to pursue what he feels is an arcane holdover from "  a phony war on drugs that is filling up our prisons , especially with people of color . " Too many drug enforcement resources are being dedicated to incarcerating nonviolent drugs users , and not enough is being done to stop the trafficking of narcotics into the United States , he said . Being arrested is not the American marijuana smoker 's only concern , said Bill Piper of the Drug Policy Alliance Network . Those found guilty of marijuana use can lose their jobs , financial aid for college , their food stamp and welfare benefits , or their low-cost housing . The U.S. stance on marijuana , Piper said , "  is one of the most destructive criminal justice policies in America today . " Calling the U.S. policy "  inhumane " and "  immoral , " Lee said she has many constituents who are harassed or arrested for using or cultivating marijuana for medical purposes . California allows medical marijuana use , but the federal government does not , she explained . House Resolution 5843 , titled the Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act of 2008 , would express support for "  a very small number of individuals " suffering from chronic pain or illness to smoke marijuana with impunity . According to NORML , marijuana can be used to treat a range of illnesses , including glaucoma , asthma , multiple sclerosis , HIV/AIDS and seizures . Frank , who is chairman of the Financial Services Committee , said that about a dozen states have approved some degree of medical marijuana use and that the federal government should stop devoting resources to arresting people who are complying with their states ' laws . In a shot at Republicans , Frank said it was strange that those who support limited government want to criminalize marijuana . Asked whether the resolution 's passage would change his personal behavior , Frank quipped , "  I do obey every law I vote for " but quickly said he did not use marijuana , nor does he encourage it . "  I smoke cigars . I do n't think other people should do that . If young people ask me , I would advise them not to do it , " he said . If HR 5843 were passed , the House would support marijuana smokers possessing up to 100 grams -- about 3 1/2 ounces -- of cannabis without being arrested . It would also give its blessing to the "  nonprofit transfer " of up to an ounce of marijuana . The resolution would not address laws forbidding growing , importing or exporting marijuana , or selling it for profit . The resolution also would not speak to state laws regarding marijuana use .	DEA , White House say marijuana dangerous , has no accepted medical use Decriminalization advocates say marijuana laws should mirror alcohol laws NORML spokesman says marijuana user arrested in U.S. "  every 38 seconds " HR 5843 would not affect laws on growing , importing , exporting marijuana
CNN  When Americans ponder the world 's most desolate places , they tend to conjure Antarctic outposts , Tibetan mountaintops , central Australian plateaus or Kardashian brain stems . Fact is , if you 're in the States you do n't have to travel halfway across the globe to separate yourself from civilization . You do n't even have to leave the continental United States . Secluded swamps , forsaken tundra , vacuous canyons , yonder mountain ranges , deserted deserts -- despite all the development , the United States is still home to plenty of untamed hinterland . Here 's the ultimate list of those destinations with suggested activities for each . The criteria are as simple as they are vague : maximum distance from other humans and any signs of their existence , including but not limited to roads , posted signs , smokestacks , government surveillance , electronic dance music , Snapchat and cronuts . And , as is so often the case , Alaska and Hawaii not included . * Camping Rampart Mountain  Montana In 2008 , Backpacker magazine identified the most remote coordinates in the lower 48 United States : Yellowstone National Park 's Two Ocean Plateau . But there 's more to seclusion than geography -- chiefly , the absence not only of civilization , but civilians as well , and Yellowstone hosted 3.19 million of them last year . According to an ecologist couple dedicated to identifying the most remote spot in each U.S. state , that location is smack in the middle of Montana 's Bob Marshall Wilderness Complex . It took the couple five days hiking in , during which they encountered grizzly bears and mountain goats , traversed white limestone and red sandstone streams and crossed the Great Divide en route to maximum peoplelessness . Bob Marshall Wilderness Complex , 10 Hungry Horse Drive , Hungry Horse , Montana ; +1 4063873800 Hiking High Peaks Wilderness  New York Admittedly , there are hikes in the United States more secluded than this section of Adirondack Park . Most of us without 10 days to throw at a nature walk , however , will find plenty of peace in the largest publicly protected area on the U.S. mainland . The terrain varies from low-lying swamplands to the highest point in New York state , the summit of Mount Marcy  5,344 feet  . With its most isolated spot reaching nearly six miles from the nearest road , the High Peaks Wilderness Area still attract thousands of hikers a year . But there are plenty of unmarked trails , high-elevation lakes and untrammeled terrain -- especially in the Peaks ' western zone -- on which to avoid them . High Peaks Wilderness Area , Eastern Adirondacks/Lake Champlain , New York ; +1 5188971200 Sun-tanning Wildcat Beach  California The 5.5-mile hike  or seven-mile bike ride  keeps the average beach-goer from reaching this vehicularly inaccessible notch of the popular Point Reyes National Seashore . But the lush vegetation , unrivaled Pacific views and downright alien beachside waterfall  aka , Alamere Falls  keep rewarding those who do . The falls are active year round , but peak in activity following the rainy season , from January to March . Strong currents make the ocean more of an aesthetic rather than recreational feature of the beach , but once the morning fog of the summer months burns off , Wildcat 's 2.5 miles of expansive sands and encompassing cliff-side ramparts make for a sunny yet secluded beach adventure . Beaches of Point Reyes , Bear Valley Visitor Center , 1 Bear Valley Road , Point Reyes Station , California ; +1 4154645100 Game tracking Wasatch Mountains  Utah Outdoor Life calls it possibly the toughest hunt in North America . The goat are as abundant in Utah 's high alpine areas as the treacherous peaks and cliff faces , making the Wasatch Mountains a destination of maximum risk and reward offering minimum human competition . According to Double C Guides & Outfitters , the Box Elder and Provo peaks see the fewest interlopers , owing to the difficulty of the terrain , which is rife with mountain goat . Other areas of the Wasatch Mountains support healthy deer , elk and moose -- but also hiker -- populations . While the altitudes are high and physical demands strenuous , if you 're a hunter , the greatest challenge may be drawing a big game tag in the state 's annual raffle . Wasatch Mountain State Park , Midway , Utah ; +1 4356541791 Canoeing Wilderness Waterway  Florida The nation 's most famous paddleways are Minnesota 's Boundary Waters -- explaining their absence here . Less frequented , especially come summer , is the labyrinth of mangrove forests , Gulf beaches and sawgrass marshes comprising Everglades National Park . Wilderness Waterway is the 99-mile corridor from Everglades City down to Flamingo , flanked by plenty of alternate routes that promise one of the most humanly deserted , biologically diverse wilds in the world ; more than 360 species of bird , endangered panthers and the only known coexistence of alligators and crocodiles on earth . Mainland Florida 's most remote spot can also be found within the ` Glades , 17 miles from the nearest road -- just one mile closer than Montana 's farthest reach . Everglades National Park , main entrance at 40001 State Road , Homestead , Florida ; +1 3052427700 Waterfalls Mooney Falls  Supai , Arizona Deep within the Grand Canyon 's western edge , this Havasupai tribal village is the most remote community in the continental United States , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Mail here is still delivered via mule and , aside from helicopter , that 's the only transportation in or out . The 2,000-foot descent down Havasu Canyon Trail into Supai starts at Hualapai Hilltop . Eight miles later you 'll find a general store , a Mormon church and the Supai Village Cafe , where fried bread is a staple . From there , Mooney Falls is just downstream . It 's a nearly 200-feet tumble of incandescent blue-green waters for which the Havasupai are named . Contact the Havasupai Tribe for information and entry permits . Fishing Angle Inlet  Minnesota The highest point of latitude on the U.S. mainland is so remote the only way to reach it by land is through Canada . In fact , being the product of a surveying error in the Treaty of Paris , the Northwest Angle should by all rights be Canadian . Instead , it 's one of few U.S. points of entry to the Lake of the Woods , a 1,700-square-mile freshwater Eden with a world-class walleye population in addition to pike , perch , muskie , bass , trout , sturgeon , crappie and sauger . Following a secessionist stunt in the late-1990s intended to raise awareness of neighboring Ontario 's restrictive catch limits , visitors to the Angle are now able to keep their often trophy-size catches . Angle Inlet , Angle Township , Woods County , Minnesota Driving U.S. Route 50  Nevada What was once a warning to tourists became the slogan for a tourism board . A 1986 Life magazine article dubbed the Nevada stretch of this coast-to-coast highway "  The Loneliest Road in America . " An accompanying caveat from the American Automobile Association urged drivers to avoid U.S. 50 unless they were "  confident of their survival skills . " The state has since seized on the reputation of its lonesome road , extolling the virtues of its vacuity and points of interest , including bygone mining camps , ghost towns and nuclear test sites . The highway mimics the old Pony Express route , traversing sand dunes and snowy mountains as well as Great Basin National Park near its eastern terminus . The Loneliest Road in America , U.S. Route 50 , Nevada Russia Watching Little Diomede Island  Alaska * Despite that disclaimer above excluding the 49th state , we ca n't help making one exception to this list because , if we 're being honest , just about the most remote everything in the United States is located in Alaska . It has the most land and lowest population density of any state , while offering some of the richest natural spoils on earth . But the tiny island of Little Diomede poses not only one of the most effective escapes from humanity , it also offers the kind of front-row vistas on Russia that once formed the putative centerpiece of Sarah Palin 's foreign policy . In the middle of the 50-mile expanse separating the United States and its renewed rival is a population of approximately 40 people for whom it 's a hardscrabble life -- but the views of Siberia are superb . For more information on Little Diomede check out the Communities of the Bering Strait website operated by the Kawerak nonprofit corporation . Jordan Burchette is a Los Angeles-based writer and editor who has written for numerous publications and websites including ESPN , Thrillist and Men 's Fitness .	Despite development , the United States has plenty of untamed hinterland Most remote coordinates in lower 48 states are in Yellowstone National Park Mainland Florida 's most remote spot is 17 miles from the nearest road Nevada stretch of U.S. Route 50 dubbed "  The Loneliest Road in America "
On July 17 , 1996 , TWA Flight 800 took off from JFK Airport headed for Paris . Just 12 minutes later , it exploded over the shores of Long Island , New York . There were 230 people on board , and no one survived . Many eyewitnesses described seeing something heading toward the plane before it exploded , and the suspicion of terrorism was almost instant . The biggest investigation in aviation history , at that time , ensued . The government spent four years and millions of dollars in that investigation and 18 years later , many still question whether they got it right . With that in mind , here are five surprising things you probably did n't know about the investigation , including one big thing the investigators themselves still do n't know : 1 . The FBI interviewed at least 755 witnesses . TWA Flight 800 crashed eight miles off the coast of Long Island at dusk on a clear summer night . Hundreds of witnesses saw the plane explode from either on shore , on a boat , in a plane or in at least one case , a helicopter . Of the 755 witness reports that the FBI have made public , accounts vary widely but hundreds describe what they thought was either a flare or fireworks heading up toward the plane before it exploded . A few witnesses even used the words "  missile " or "  rocket . " 2 . America was in a high state of alert when TWA 800 crashed . A series of terrorism-related events in the years , months and weeks before the flight went down , and even one incident just days afterward , led many to suspect terrorism was to blame . -- December 21 , 1988 : Pan Am Flight 103 explodes over Lockerbie , Scotland , killing all 270 people on board . Eventually Libyan national Abdel Baset Ali Mohmed al Megrah is tried and found guilty of 270 counts of murder . -- February 26 , 1993 : A bomb explodes at the World Trade Center , killing six people and injuring more than 1000 . Two years later , Ramzi Yousef , the mastermind of that attack , is arrested in Pakistan by the FBI and the State Department and put on trial . "  I am a terrorist and proud of it , " he told the court . -- April 19 , 1995 : The Alfred P. Murrah building in Oklahoma City is bombed . The blast destroys large parts of the building and kills 168 people , including 19 children . Two Americans , Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols , are eventually convicted for the attack . -- May 29 , 1996 : Yousef goes on trial in New York City . The trial continues through the crash of TWA Flight 800 , leading many to question if the two were related . -- June 25 , 1996 : The Khobar Towers are attacked . A powerful truck bomb explodes on the perimeter of a U.S. military complex in eastern Saudi Arabia . Nineteen U.S. Air Force personnel are killed , and several hundred are wounded , in the deadliest attack against the American military since a 1983 bombing of the Marine headquarters in Beirut , Lebanon . -- July 17 , 1996 : TWA Flight 800 explodes over the shores of Long Island . -- July 27 , 1996 : A bomb explodes at the Olympic Games in Atlanta , killing one person and injuring over 100 . More than two years later , Eric Robert Rudolph , a suspect in bombings at abortion clinics in Alabama , is charged in the Olympic Park bombing . Covering the crash : One CNN reporter remembers 3 . Moammar Gadhafi and Saddam Hussein were suspects . Beyond terrorist groups being suspected , state-sponsored terrorism was also cause for concern inside the White House . Leon Panetta , former secretary of Defense and former CIA director , was chief of staff for President Bill Clinton at the time of the crash . "  The investigation was looking at almost every possibility , including state actors , because we 'd known that Libya had been involved with regards to bringing down the airliner over Scotland  Pam Am Flight 103  " , said Panetta . "  We were looking at Iraq and Saddam Hussein . We were looking at , you know , the possibility of even Iran might have played a role in this , " added Panetta . 4 . It took close to a year , but all 230 victims were eventually recovered . There were 230 people on board TWA Flight 800 from 13 countries . When the plane crashed into the water , much of what was left sunk 130 feet below the surface in the Atlantic Ocean . While it took authorities more than 10 months , remains of every victim were recovered . All of their names are etched into the TWA Flight 800 International Memorial at Smith Point County Park on Long Island , New York . The memorial was dedicated on July 14 , 2004 , and it includes flags from the 13 countries of the victims . 5 . The NTSB said a spark in a fuel tank led to the explosion In November 1997 , more than a year after the crash , the FBI announced that a criminal act did not bring down the ill-fated plane . At that point , it was up to the National Transportation Safety Board to figure out the cause of the explosion . A full four years after the crash of TWA Flight 800 , the NTSB released its official report : It found the probable cause of the accident was a spark in the center fuel tank that eventually led to the explosion that brought down the aircraft . While they offered their best theory on where the spark came from , they never found a definitive answer . Nine aviation mysteries highlight history of disappearances Deadliest commercial airline crashes in history	230 people were on board TWA Flight 800 from 13 countries The government spent four years and millions of dollars in the investigation The FBI said the disaster was not caused by a terrorist act
CNN  -- A lifetime may be too short to recover from the loss of a child , let alone just a year . Nicole Hockley knows this . Adam Lanza shot dead her 6-year-old son , Dylan . Her wounds are still raw . And the release Wednesday of the 911 calls to police after Lanza charged into Sandy Hook Elementary with an assault rifle was like rubbing salt on those wounds . "  I have no desire whatsoever to hear the slaughter of 26 people , including my 6-year-old boy . And I ca n't imagine why anyone else would want to hear that as well , " Hockley told CNN . She absolutely did not want a judge to release the recordings of the December 14 massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , that claimed the lives of 20 first-graders and six teachers . After the release , media organizations struggled with how to handle the material . Some news outlets , including CNN , opted to air portions of the recordings , including a 911 call from a school secretary , one from a teacher and one from a janitor . Other news organizations decided not to use any of the material directly , instead describing some of the recordings in news coverage without airing or posting any of the contents . Hockley says she 'll do her best to avoid hearing the voices describing the horror of that day , of gunfire popping in the background . But she 's afraid of happenstance . "  I do n't know if I 'm going to turn on the radio one day , or turn on the TV one day , or be Googling on something and just happen to come across them by accident , " Hockley said . Bringing back memories Parents of the murdered students were able to leverage the law to prevent the release of the crime scene photos from that day . But some of them are upset they could n't hold back the 911 recordings . The Associated Press had requested they be made public in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act . Scenes of grieving parents on the day of the shooting are still vivid in the mind of Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut . Now that the call recordings are out , he 's concerned about the pain they 'll cause . "  I think the tapes bring back those memories , " he said . But the appeals judge , who upheld the decision to release them , did n't really have a choice , he said . Judge Eliot Prescott was afraid that holding them back would "  fuel speculation about and undermine confidence in our law enforcement officials . " The good in the bad Cristina Hassinger , who lost her mother to Lanza 's bullets , agrees with Prescott 's decision -- despite her personal anguish . Hassinger 's mother , Dawn Hochsprung , was the school principal . She was confronting Lanza when he gunned her down . Hassinger believes that knowing is better than not knowing . The calls belong to the American public , she said . And they can help the country deal with future shootings . "  They do n't belong to the victims ' families , painful as they may be , and there is nothing on the recordings that violates the victims ' privacy , " Hassinger said . "  The public has the right to know . " Psychologists divided Psychologists were divided on how to handle the calls . Judy Ho frowns on their release , particularly the effect they might have on children who hear them . "  There are computers everywhere . Even if you have parental control , kids can get past that and listen to these tapes themselves , " she told CNN 's Don Lemon . She fears the exposure will trigger post-traumatic stress disorder , even in people who have no connection to the school or its community . But clinical psychologist Jeff Gardere believes that the pain of reliving those moments will help people process the trauma . "  I think listening to these tapes , of course , will open old wounds . But sometimes you do have to open them in order to clean them out . " Neil Heslin purposely used the recordings to reopen his own . "  I had felt it was something that I needed to do , that I wanted to do , " he said . "  Just to know . Jesse was my son . I brought him into the world . " Jesse died at Lanza 's hands . "  You can only try to imagine what it 's like to lose a child , " Heslin said . "  And unless you 've lost a child , you ca n't imagine . The best description I can give is it 's like losing a leg and an arm ... and not being able to hold yourself up or support yourself . " Heslin got to spend just six short years with his son before Jessie was lowered into the ground . And this holiday season will be especially tough for his family . Heslin plans to take down a Christmas tree he set up with Jesse after Thanksgiving last year . They planned to decorate it in a few days . They never did . CNN 's Pamela Brown and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Nicole Hockley lost her son Dylan , 6 , in the Newtown shooting She opposed the release of the 911 call recordings and fears hearing them by chance Other victims ' loved ones support the release ; they want the public to know Psychologists say the release can help or hurt family members and others
CNN  -- Hurricane Arthur -- or what 's left of it -- has rained on many an Independence Day parade , if they were n't canceled ahead of time . But what the first named storm of this hurricane season has n't done , it appears , is cause significant damage . As of 11 p.m. ET , Arthur was churning deep into the Atlantic Ocean about 75 miles east-southeast of the Cape Cod town of Chatham , according to the National Hurricane Center . It is still technically a hurricane , with sustained winds of 75 mph , and Nantucket and Cape Cod face tropical storm warnings . But Arthur was n't expected to live up to dire predictions for the East Coast . The center of Arthur is forecast to pass over or near western Nova Scotia early Saturday . By then , the system should be no more than a "  post-tropical cyclone , " meaning it will feature rain and little else . While the wind wo n't pack as much wallop for the Northeast , that does n't mean Arthur did n't have an impact -- especially on those who wanted to both go outside and stay dry over the holiday . Americans from New York to far northeast Maine are experiencing , or could soon experience , drenching rains tied to the outskirts of the Category 1 storm . This is after a number of moves , such as the hasty rescheduling of Boston 's Independence Day celebration to one day early , done ahead of the system . The good news is that Arthur was n't the type of holiday guest that hung around long . The Miami-based hurricane center noted that the storm was speeding along to the northeast -- meaning it is heading farther out to sea -- at a 31 mph clip . That is motoring along by hurricane standards , especially for one that was stalled in the Atlantic just a few days ago . Arthur nonetheless managed to dampen some spirits as it raced along . On Friday afternoon , for instance , southeast Massachusetts got lashed by round after round of pounding rains that left some roads covered with water . "  Arthur does not like us right now , " a soaked but smiling Adam Morales of Fairhaven told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  I do n't know  how  we disappointed him , but it 's OK . I do n't mind it . " Number of North Carolinians without power plummets The state that was supposed to bear the brunt of Arthur 's wrath was North Carolina . It did indeed get hit , though it was more a glancing blow than a knockout punch . But not everyone knew that would be the case at 11:15 p.m. Thursday , when Arthur roared ashore between Cape Lookout and Beaufort with 100-mph winds . Robin Nelson 's house in Newport -- right across the Newport River Sound from Beaufort , and in the path of the eye wall -- clattered and rumbled . In the distance , she heard the whirring hum of storm gusts and snapping of tree limbs . "  It 's howling pretty good here , " she said late Thursday . "  You can hear it coming across the sound . " Around 9:30 a.m. Friday , Gov. Pat McCrory said 44,000 people in his state were without power due to the storm . A CNN tabulation around this time found about 18,500 customers , which could translate to households or businesses , without electricity . Utility companies were able to make significant inroads in getting people 's lights back on as the day wore on . By 2:30 p.m. , there were around 5,000 customers without power in the state . Later in the afternoon , McCrory followed up by noting that Arthur had "  minimal impact " on coastal communities -- with one plus being that it moved out in time for the holiday and the upcoming weekend . The Outer Banks forecast called for sunny skies and high temperatures in the 80s . Brad Doerr knows it could have been a lot worse , even with one window lost and water up to the door of the Dairy Queen restaurant in Avon that he runs . "  Emily blew a lot harder than this one , " Doerr told CNN affiliate WAVY , referring to 1993 's far more powerful Hurricane Emily . "  This one we were really fortunate . " Concerns about rip currents Track the storm Though it has moved on , the hurricane leaves deadly danger lurking under its coattails : possible rip currents . The weather service calls the spurts of back-flowing water , which can drag a swimmer from the shore and out to sea , the worst danger at the beach . In 2009 , tropical storms killed six people . All of them drowned in high waves or rip currents , the National Weather Service said . And it does n't matter if the storm has already passed , it can sprout them from long distances . They 're hard to see and snatch bathers without warning . Sherman Lee Criner is an iron man triathlete and confident he could swim out of a rip current if he had to . "  Even so , I 'm not going to get out in the water , " he said . It would be a dumb thing to do , especially in front of the children traveling with him . "  Of course , I 'm not going to let the kids out there , " he said . Criner was vacationing in Arthur 's bull 's eye on Emerald Isle with his son , daughter and niece . He did n't plan for the group to be in the storm 's path . He asked his two children and niece where they wanted to spend the holidays ; they voted for the beach , and he granted the wish . He thought of canceling the trip as the storm brewed but decided against it . "  It 's a doable storm , " Criner said . See Images as CNN crews cover Hurricane Arthur Keep a hurricane preparation checklist Staying safe when the lights go out What you need to know about Independence Day CNN 's John Newsome , Dave Stewart , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Shawn Nottingham , Steve Almasy , Tina Burnside and Ted Winner contributed to this report .	NEW : As of 11 p.m. , Arthur is 75 miles off Cape Cod , moving northeast at 31 mph It should be much weaker when it makes landfall over Nova Scotia early Saturday The storm system produced significant rain but not as much wind as once feared Governor says Arthur ended up having "  minimal impact " on North Carolina
CNN  -- An emotional Novak Djokovic came back from a set down to beat Rafael Nadal 4-6 , 6-3 , 6-3 in the final of the Rome Masters . Nadal had won the first set 6-4 but Djokovic , who has dedicated his victories from previous rounds to the victims of floods that have deluged both Bosnia and his homeland Serbia , fought back to clinch a memorable victory . The Rome Masters has been something of a victory procession for Nadal , the defending champion who has won the title seven times . And it looked like he would make that eight after a steady first set put the Spaniard in control . Djokovic , however , was having none of it . After breaking Nadal 's serve early in the second set Djokovic powered on to win the next two sets and his 19th career Masters title . "  He 's one of the best in the world , he 's playing great , " Nadal said of Djokovic after the defeat . "  I played well for moments , I had my chances for moments , but I could have done with a little more energy at times . My legs did n't answer me after a tough week . " "  I was able to find positive things during the tournament but I played three very tough matches this week and it was very hard mentally , as well as physically . I was a little bit tired . " It is the first time in a decade that Nadal has lost three matches in a season on clay . Djokovic had endured something of a torrid time in Rome , struggling to defeat the young , big-hitting Canadian Milos Raonic in a three hour , three set epic in the semi-finals . Again Djokovic lost the first set , and again he powered back . After the match , Serbia 's most famous sportsman described how he had been keeping abreast of events back home , sent a message of support and even criticized Western media outlets for not covering the floods adequately . "  There have not been floods like this in the existence of our people , " he said after that match , as reported by The Guardian . "  It is a total catastrophe of biblical proportions . I do n't really know how to describe it . Half the country is in danger of not having any electricity , there is total immobilization , evacuations -- and we 're talking about whole cities , not small villages . " "  I see that on CNN , the BBC and other big networks there is a lot about the miners in Turkey , and so forth . This is another disaster , but there is no broadcast from Serbia and Bosnia , nothing about the biggest floods that we have ever seen , that maybe Europe has ever seen . This is incredible . " Now attention turns to the French Open , which begins next week . Nadal is the reigning champion and has won eight titles in the past nine years .	Novak Djokovic storms back from a set down to win Rome Masters Beat reigning champion Nadal in three sets Djokovic had dedicated previous victories to victims of flooding back home Traditionally seen as a warm up for next week 's French Open
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Six people were killed in Pakistan on Saturday when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , local police said . Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village . Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday , and held a rally to protest . The Quran is the Muslim sacred text . The Muslims went to the Christian community in Gojra City , 160 kilometers  100 miles  southwest of Lahore , and burned 40 to 50 houses . Muslims and Christians exchanged gunfire . Police said efforts to settle the concerns with dialogue so far have failed . On Thursday , 15 Christian houses in the region were also torched . Pakistan is predominantly Muslim but has a small Christian community . Meanwhile , police in Islamabad reported Friday that an al Qaeda member thought to be involved in several attacks was arrested . Bin Yamin , a senior police official in Islamabad , identified the suspect as Rao Shakir Ali . Police believe he was involved in strikes on targets such as the Danish Embassy , a rally of Chief Justice Iftikhar Chauhdary , police , and a hotel . The suspect is a resident of Sargodha , which is 165 kilometers  about 100 miles  northwest of Lahore and has a house in Rawalpindi that has been used to facilitate insurgent acts , police said . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Fighting broke out as Muslims torched 40 to 50 houses in Christian enclave Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding Muslims burned 15 Christian homes on Thursday Pakistan predominantly Muslim , but has a small Christian community
CNN  -- Editor 's note : This story may contain spoilers Warner Brothers studios confirmed Friday that it will not cancel any screenings of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " squashing any rumors that it might dial back the release following the mass shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , theater . The shooting rampage that left at least 12 movie patrons dead and dozens more injured reignited the gun debate in the United States -- a debate that actually figures into the movie itself . The film kicks off in a violence-free Gotham . But soon the bad guys emerge and so , too , does a retired Batman , to deal with them . Shooting casts pall over ` Dark Knight Rises ' blockbuster weekend In one scene the hero  once again played by Christian Bale  jumps into a fight already in progress between Catwoman  Anne Hathaway  and about half a dozen villains . When the two masked characters seize the upper hand , Catwoman grabs a gun to finish the job . But Batman stops her , telling her he does n't use guns . She grudgingly concedes and the two make their escape . The good guys win this battle without killing anyone and without the use of guns . But this singular anti-gun moment is soon turned on its head . Theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media About an hour and countless acts of violence later , Batman is about to be killed by the film 's antagonist , Bane . During what is arguably the film 's most pivotal scene , Catwoman repays Batman 's earlier life-saving favor . However , she does it her way , by blasting Bane away , killing him with a piece of artillery attached to the "  Batpod " -- the film 's motorcycle-like vehicle . Then Catwoman , in a made-for-the-big-screen moment , reminds Batman that she does n't agree with that whole "  no guns " thing . The cinematographic message is clear : small battles are one thing , but to win the war , the use of guns is not only acceptable , it 's probably required . Theater offers ` perfect killing ' zone As the film continues to play on 4,400 screens around the country , audiences may be struck by the mixed message in "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Batman neutralizes his opponents with fisticuffs and other means , but he never applies deadly force . And his plea against using guns may ring hollow when , presumably for the sake of entertainment , filmmakers pack the movie with plenty of violence from guns , bombs and other heavy weaponry . In light of the shooting , how do you feel about gun control and public safety ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	A gun debate figures into the storyline of "  The Dark Knight Rises " itelf Friday 's shooting rampage took place while the movie was showing at a Colorado theater Warner Brothers studios says it will not cancel any screenings of the film
CNN  -- Jury selection began Monday in Kentucky for the trial of a former high school coach charged with reckless homicide in the heat-exhaustion-related death of a player . Pleasure Ridge Park football coach Jason Stinson has pleaded not guilty to reckless homicide . A grand jury in January charged Pleasure Ridge Park football coach Jason Stinson in the death of Max Gilpin , 15 , who collapsed during a practice in August 2008 and died several days later . Stinson pleaded not guilty and was released without bail . The school has reassigned him to non-teaching duties . The case has stirred strong feelings beyond the Louisville suburb where Gilpin died . Some say the teen 's death was a tragic accident ; others insist it was the result of a criminal act . "  The best example I can give you is like someone shooting into a building not knowing anyone is in there , then killing somebody , " Commonwealth 's Attorney R. David Stengel told CNN affiliate WHAS in January . "  They did n't know they were in there , but they should have known that shooting into a building where people normally are is something dangerous . " Current and former students reacted with shock to the indictment of Stinson , a beloved coach and teacher . "  Coach is amazing , " former player Casey Ford told WLKY earlier this year . "  Coach truly cares about his players . " Stengel said investigators interviewed almost 100 players , eight coaches , school officials and bystanders before the grand jury convened earlier this year . A summary of the interviews was provided to the grand jury . The grand jury denied Stinson 's request to give testimony . Questions surrounding the case include what school officials did before and after the high school sophomore collapsed . Craig Webb , the school 's athletic director , said in a deposition obtained by WLKY that he witnessed the incident and went over to assess Gilpin 's condition . "  He was breathing , " Webb said during the deposition , WLKY reported . "  You know , he had a pulse . And we -- I automatically thought we might have had an exhaustion situation . He was sweating profusely . " Gilpin 's body temperature reached 107 degrees , officials say . Witnesses said Stinson had denied the student water on the hot August day , WLKY reported . Gilpin was taken to a hospital where he later died . The parents have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against six coaches at the school . The suit claims they were negligent in their actions and that more than 20 minutes passed between the time Gilpin collapsed and the time one of the coaches called paramedics , according to WHAS . Stinson is the only person who has been charged with a crime . Days after he was charged , Stinson told supporters , who had gathered on his lawn to pray , that his "  heart is broken . " "  Part of my life has been taken away , " he said , according to WHAS . "  I no longer teach , and I no longer coach at the school that I love . ... "  The one thing people keep forgetting in this is that I lost one of my boys that day , " he said . "  It was a boy that I loved and a boy that I cared for and a boy that meant the world to me . That 's the thing that people forget . And that 's a burden I will carry with me for the rest of my life . " Gilpin 's parents have released a statement saying they hope they will gain access to details of the investigation , including information they believe school officials have withheld from them citing confidentiality , the affiliate said . "  We intend to closely monitor the prosecution and expect anyone responsible for Max 's death to be held accountable , " the statement said , according to WHAS .	Former high school coach is charged with reckless homicide Player Max Gilpin , 15 , died of heat exhaustion Player 's body temperature hit 107 degrees at August '08 practice
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Communications Commission approved new rules Wednesday to further limit automatically dialed or prerecorded calls know as "  robocalls " and automated text messages . The FCC 's rules go beyond Federal Trade Commission rules that have been in force since 2008 . "  Too many telemarketers , aided by autodialers and prerecorded messages , have continued to call consumers who do n't want to hear from them , " said FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski in a statement read at the meeting . These new overlapping rules seek to close loopholes in the existing regulations . Under the new requirements , telemarketers will have to get permission in writing before placing an automated call to a consumer . Previously , companies that had an established business relationship with a particular consumer could call them without permission . For example , another FCC official not authorized to speak publicly explained , a bank could robocall one of its checking account customers to try to sell them insurance . The new rules prohibit that without written permission . Information calls , such as school closing information and flight cancellations , are an exception . They can be made to land-line phones without written permission . Text messages and calls to cell phones are subject to stricter rules . "  Any type of phone call or text to a wireless device needs written consent , " the FCC official added . Telemarketers also will be required to let consumers easily prevent any future calls . "  Each and every telemarketing robocall will have to include an automated , interactive opt-out mechanism , so that a consumer can revoke consent by pressing just a few keys during the call , " Genachowski said . The company will have to immediately disconnect the call and add you to their do-not-call list . "  Dead air " calls also are restricted by the new rules . Some telemarketers place many calls at once guessing how many people will answer the phone ; if more people answer than there are operators , the result on the receiver 's end is often the silence of a delayed response . The new rules "  strictly " limit the number of such calls telemarketers can make "  within each calling campaign , " the FCC said . A telemarketing company that has a real person dialing the phone numbers is not subject to the new rules . "  Consumers ' first line of protection against any call is the do-not-call list , " the FCC official said . Consumers can sue companies who violate these rules , the FCC official explained , adding , "  We also take action based on trends of complaints . "	NEW : Rules address "  continued " robocalls , FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski says NEW : Robocalls include an automated , interactive opt-out feature , he says Also limited are "  dead air " calls in which no one is on the line when the call is answered Rules do not apply to companies that have a real person dialing the number
CNN  -- The man leading the hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 says the search is the most difficult in human history , but modern technology greatly increases the chances of finding the missing plane . The four underwater signals that search teams detected are still "  the most promising lead " investigators have in the search for the Boeing 777 , Angus Houston told CNN 's Anna Coren on Monday . But are they all pings from the plane 's data recorders ? A Wall Street Journal report Monday said authorities increasingly believe only the first two signals detected are relevant to the search . And a U.S. Navy source told CNN that Navy officials assisting in the search are sharing the signal data with U.S. agencies and consultants for "  re-analysis , " adding that searchers have more confidence in the first two pings detected . Houston told CNN it 's still too soon to rule out any of the signals . "  Analysis on all four detections is continuing , " he said . "  At this point in time , it is too early to discount any of the acoustic detections . " The pings have played a key role in shaping the search for the plane , which went missing March 8 during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people onboard . Houston told CNN the hunt for the plane is even more difficult than that for Air France Flight 447 , which disappeared in the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 . "  The big difference between Air France 447 and MH370 is that the last known position , in terms of MH370 , is at the top of the Malacca Straits , and then the aircraft continued to fly for an extended period after that , " Houston told CNN 's Anna Coren on Monday . "  Whereas Air France , they had a very good last known position , which then turned out to be very close to where the aircraft was eventually found . " But he said searchers are performing "  groundbreaking work " with satellite analysis , which has helped isolate the search area in the Indian Ocean . "  Without that , we would be essentially searching the whole of the Indian Ocean , and I think the chances of finding the aircraft in those circumstances would have been slim , " Houston said . "  I think by having this defined search area ... I think eventually we will find the aircraft . " Houston is the chief search coordinator for the Joint Agency Coordination Centre , based in Australia . He said his greatest concern throughout the two-month search has been the families of those on board . "  To have a set of circumstances where you do n't know what 's happened to your loved ones in circumstances such as this , it 's just a terrible , terrible emotional trauma of all of those involved , " he said . "  And beyond that , the wider public has a great interest in what happened here because we all fly in airplanes , and we all fly long distances over water , and a lot of people want to know what happened and why it happened . " Hunt for MH370 gets deeper , broader , pricier About criticism of Malaysia Since the plane disappeared on March 8 with 239 people on board , the Malaysian government has been criticized for its response and accusations that it has not been transparent . Houston said he believes Malaysia has been forthcoming . "  I think some of the commentary about what the Malaysians have done , I do n't think is as fair and objective as it might have been , " Houston said . "  People are looking for answers , and there are no answers at the moment . That 's the difficulty . " ` It just disappeared ' Houston said he understands why many families are frustrated by the lack of information . "  Initially , the aircraft -- well , simply put , it just disappeared . And I guess in this day and age , that surprised a lot of people , " he said . But such a disappearance is quite possible if the transponder or anything on the aircraft that transmits signals is turned off . "  I think that 's something that we , as a world community , have to correct as soon as possible , " Houston said . "  We need to have jetliners that are equipped with some sort of tracking device that ca n't be turned off , that can be tracked all of the time . And with satellite technology available , I think that can be done in the near future . " On the same day that Houston spoke , a satellite communications company said it would begin providing a free global airline tracking service . Inmarsat , the company whose satellite had the last known contact with Flight 370 , said it proposed the service to the International Civil Aviation Organization ahead of the ICAO 's conference on aircraft tracking this week . "  This service is being offered to all 11,000 commercial passenger aircraft , which are already equipped with an Inmarsat satellite connection , " the company said in a statement . It said the tracking would cover "  virtually 100 % of the world 's long haul commercial fleet . " CNN 's Rene Marsh and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Angus Houston says underwater signals remain "  the most promising lead " "  Groundbreaking work " with satellite analysis will help find the plane , he says Houston defends Malaysia 's response to the missing plane Inmarsat offers free global airline tracking to all 11,000 commercial passenger planes
CNN  -- Former Serbian leader Radovan Karadzic appeared in court Monday to defend himself on charges of war crimes and genocide , resuming a trial which he has fought for years to delay . He spoke firmly and fluently as he defended himself , occasionally looking irritated or dismissive , but not appearing to obstruct the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . The trial was most recently suspended earlier this month to give the defense time to review documents . Karadzic , who is representing himself , faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity . He has denied the charges . The last session of the trial took place Sept. 15 . At the time , the defense requested time to study a large set of documents that the prosecution had submitted . The charges against Karadzic stem partly from the killing of more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica in 1995 . Karadzic , the Bosnian Serb president at the time , is accused of being responsible for the massacre . Srebrenica became an emblem for the dissolution of Yugoslavia -- once a multi-ethnic state of Serbs , Croats , Muslims and others -- into six countries during a bloody and brutal conflict in the early 1990s .	NEW : The former Bosnian Serb leader did not appear to obstruct the process He is on trial for genocide and war crimes He denies the charges
CNN  Being stuck on the ground in an airliner for 12 hours is bad enough , but then imagine having to stay in the plane for another 16 hours to reach your destination . That 's what happened Saturday in Abu Dhabi for passengers and crew aboard Etihad Airways Flight 183 , a Boeing 777 scheduled to fly to San Francisco . The airline apologized , blaming an "  unprecedented fog disruption " that forced the airport to close runways until authorities said it was safe to take off . Passengers expected to push back from the gate at 2:30 a.m. Saturday , but they did n't go wheels up until 2:30 p.m. , the airline said . One passenger , Thomas Piani , told CNN affiliate KGO that the crew "  kept telling us that we were going to leave , you know 15 minutes from now , 20 minutes from now , 30 minutes for now , for 12 hours , " which ratcheted frustrations higher and higher . Tension was obvious in the tone of passenger tweets . " ... crew wo n't serve food , " tweeted @SuzeTwtr Passenger Venkatesh Pahwa told KGO , "  Everybody was fighting with each other , and the flight attendants were fighting with us , and we were fighting with the flights attendants . " "  Stuck in an @EtihadAirways flight on the ground for 10 + hours . And not allowed to get off . I feel like I 'm in a ` Seinfeld ' episode , " passenger Ravali Reddy tweeted . In a statement , Etihad said that when the plane was on the ground awaiting permission to take off , "  passengers were provided with refreshments and were updated about the reasons for the rolling delay caused by the extreme weather conditions . " The airline said replacing the crew before taking off also contributed to the delay . A fresh crew had to be brought in because of rules that limit flight-time . The non-stop route from the Abu Dhabi to San Francisco is an ultra-long haul lasting 16 hours . The situation , Etihad said , was "  impacted by circumstances which were largely beyond our control . " Bad weather costs airlines and passengers flying into and out of the U.S. billions of dollars because of canceled and delayed flights . In the United States , federal regulations forbid airlines with 30 or more passenger seats on their domestic flights to allow their planes to remain on the tarmac for more than three hours without giving passengers the opportunity to disembark . Violators are subject to federal fines . Read more : High cost of flight delays In July 2012 , passengers on 13 United Airlines flights were stuck on their planes during severe thunderstorms at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport for stretches ranging from just over three hours to nearly four-and-a-half hours . The Department of Transportation fined the airline $ 1.1 million . Read more : United fined $ 1.1 million for tarmac delays CNN 's Rene Marsh and Daisy Carrington contributed to this report .	Etihad Airways blames heavy fog for keeping passengers on plane for 12 hours before an 18-hour flight The delay sparked tensions between passengers and crew on the flight from Abu Dhabi to San Francisco In the U.S. , passengers can remain on the tarmac for 3 hours before they must be offered a chance to disembark
CNN  -- Todd Sollar used to think a college education was a waste of time and money . "  I thought I could bypass college after high school and get a good paying job with General Motors and avoid the high cost of an education , " he said . The 34-year-old from Centerville , Ohio , was groomed as a young adult to work with his hands and to pursue production jobs in his hometown area near Dayton . After high school , he worked for two years at Airborne Express  now DHL  in Wilmington , Ohio , then moved to the General Motors ' Moraine plant where he worked on the body shop assembly line for 11 years churning out Chevrolet Trailblazers , GMC Envoys and even Saab SUVs . "  The money and benefits at GM were good and I was very comfortable , " he said . The good life did n't last as long as Sollar wanted . In 2008 , GM closed his plant , leaving him and thousands of others without jobs . "  It felt like the end of the world and I was scared when they let us go , " he said . "  It was a struggle , because I thought we 'd stay open . " GM was the only way of life for many former employees and the plant closure was a major blow to their psyches . Employment options for a high school graduate in the Dayton , Ohio , area were bleak when Sollar lost his job in 2008 . The economy was in a downturn and the possibility of finding a job that paid well was slim . He and his former colleagues struggled to find work . Two of his friends committed suicide after they were let go from GM . Sollar vowed to find a positive path toward his new future , despite the dismal economic climate . "  My only hope for a decent job at that time required me to seek out a higher education , " he said . In the Fall quarter of 2008 , Sollar enrolled in Sinclair Community College in Dayton and pursued an associate degree in applied science in automation and control technology with robotics . Sinclair is one of nearly 1,200 public and community colleges across the U.S. . This year , Sinclair 's summer session had the highest enrollment in the school 's nearly 125-year history , with 13,041 students enrolled , a 3 % increase over last year . The school 's president , Dr. Steven Johnson , said community colleges across the country are experiencing increases in enrollments , as well . Johnson said a downturn in the economy is among the biggest reasons why more Americans are enrolling in community colleges , these days . The Dayton area has been hit especially hard with job losses in the automotive industry . Students are seeking new marketable job skills and community colleges offer a viable means to that end . "  Community colleges are a great value for the money and are less expensive than a four-year institution , " he said . "  For some students , a two-year degree makes more sense than a four-year college experience . " For Sollar , scholarships and grants covered his full-time tuition , which averages between $ 2,259 to $ 3,598 a year at Sinclair . A severance package deal from GM covered his living expenses while he attended school . He had to take additional classes beyond the core curriculum to make up for the lack of college prep classes he missed taking in high school . Despite the extra workload , he graduated with honors in June of 2011 . Looking back , Sollar wished he would have attended community college earlier in his life , instead of waiting until his 30s to attend school . "  Nothing is permanent in this world , especially jobs , " he said . "  You ca n't take for granted that a job is going to support you for your entire life . " Sollar said an education was the key to expanding his horizons and opening new employment possibilities . Before graduation , he landed a job with Gosiger Automation in Dayton , where he now works full-time as an electronic mechanical technician . He 's not making as much money as he once did with GM , but hopes that will change one day as he advances through his newly developed career . He said he could n't have landed this position without attending Sinclair . "  When I was in high school , I was told that I was not ` college material , ' " he said . "  Yet , I discovered later in life , that was n't true . " Sollar 's wife , who is due with their first child in October , plans to encourage his future child to receive a higher education , too . "  My child will have no choice , " he chuckled . "  I will make that kid attend college . "	Todd Sollar believed college was a waste of time and money , until he lost his factory job Sollar is among the growing trend of Americans attending community college Sollar graduated from community college in June and now has a full-time job , again
CNN  -- The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said authorities Friday took a fourth person into custody in their ongoing investigation into domestic terrorism . The RCMP said its Integrated National Security Enforcement Team executed a search warrant in Ottawa and took one person into custody . No charges have been filed . Earlier Friday , a Canadian government source close to the investigation said the three men arrested previously "  are not card-carrying members of al Qaeda but they follow in the movement and show common trends . " RCMP Chief Superintendent Serge Therriault said Thursday the three suspects are Canadian citizens living in Ontario -- Hiva Mohammad Alizadeh , 30 , of Ottawa ; Misbahuddin Ahmed , 26 , of Ottawa ; and Khurram Syed Sher , 28 , of London . The name of the suspect arrested Friday has not been released . Alizadeh faces three charges : conspiracy , committing an act for a terrorist group and providing or making available property for terrorist purposes . Canadian federal prosecutor David McKercher told CNN the three charges carry maximum sentences ranging from ten years to life in prison . Ahmed has been charged with conspiracy , but he could face more charges , according to his defense attorney . Ian Carter told CNN he met with Ahmed for half an hour . Asked how the suspect was feeling , Carter said , "  He is in shock . " Ahmed is married and has a 7-month-old daughter . Sher also is charged with conspiracy , officials said . The RCMP said the three suspects were arrested under Canada 's Anti-Terrorism Act , passed in 2001 . Therriault said that a yearlong investigation found that in addition to forming part of a terror cell , the suspects possessed schematics , videos , drawings , instructions , books and electrical components designed specifically for the construction of improvised explosive devices . He said authorities seized more than 50 circuit boards designed to remotely detonate IEDs . In addition , Therriault said , investigators have grounds to believe Alizadeh is a member of and remains in contact with a terror group with links to the conflict in Afghanistan . One reason the arrests happened when they did , the investigator said , was to prevent Alizadeh from providing financial support for weapons that would be used against coalition forces and Canadian troops in Afghanistan . The three suspects represent the core of the domestic terror group , Therriault said , but the ongoing investigation could result in more arrests . There are no related arrests in the United States , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . The official said there is no clear link between the Canadian suspects and the United States . Therriault said he could not confirm whether there was a direct link to the United States . A Canadian government source close to the investigation told CNN the United States is not the focus of the investigation . U.S. counterterrorism officials said they consider the arrests an internal Canadian matter . CNN 's Laura Dolan contributed to this story .	Four suspects are in custody as part of a domestic terror investigation Three suspects arrested earlier this week allegedly had material to make IEDs U.S. officials say there 's no clear evidence of a link to the United States
CNN  -- The Turkish military bombed PKK rebel targets Saturday in northern Iraq in response to clashes that left at least 15 Turkish troops dead , the PKK and the military said Sunday . Members of Turkey 's honor guard carry flag-draped coffins of two soldiers killed in clashes with the PKK . The PKK , or Kurdistan Workers ' Party , said it sustained no casualties in the operation . The Turkish military said the air operation was conducted on the PKK 's "  hiding positions " in the Avasin-Basyan area of northern Iraq near the border with Turkey . During the operation , steps were taken to avoid civilian casualties , the Turkish military said . Watch inside the PKK 's hidden camps " The military said the operation was carried out Saturday . The PKK 's military wing said the military operation began after Friday 's clash and lasted for two days . At least 15 Turkish soldiers were killed and 20 wounded in the clashes , Turkish President Abdullah Gul said Saturday . Two others were missing , and the Turkish military said Sunday they were feared dead . The military said 23 PKK members were also killed in the attacks , launched from northern Iraq . In its statement on Sunday , however , the PKK said more than 60 Turkish troops were killed and at least 30 injured . Nine PKK members were killed , the organization said . Turkey 's state-run Anatolia news agency said the clashes occurred in Semdinli , a town in Turkey 's southeastern province of Hakkari . On Tuesday , the Turkish government is scheduled to vote on whether to extend the authority of the Turkish military to launch attacks on PKK positions in northern Iraq . Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh on Saturday condemned the clashes , calling them a "  terrorist act " that "  creates a serious threat to the security of the border areas and the joint security of Iraq and Turkey . " He called on the Turkish government to deal with this "  criminal act wisely and with self restraint . " "  The Iraqi government expresses its support for the measures the Turkish government will take within Turkish territory to guarantee its -LSB- Turkey 's -RSB- security and stability , " he said . Saturday night , Iraq 's Presidency Council , made up of President Jalal Talabani -- himself a Kurd -- and his two vice-presidents , condemned what it called "  a vicious attack against Turkish troops . " "  What makes the attack more horrific is the fact that it happened during the days of the Eid al-Fitr holiday , where Muslims should be celebrating , rejoicing and befriending each other ... instead of fighting and bloodshed , " the council said . It pledged to "  continue its joint efforts with the Turkish side to prevent the recurrence of such attacks and to put an end to the illegal presence of all foreign militants in Iraq . " The central Iraqi government has labeled the PKK a terrorist organization , banning its activities and shutting its offices in the country two years ago . But the PKK continues to operate in the Qandil Mountains in northern Iraq bordering Turkey and Iran . The separatist faction has been fighting for self-rule in southeastern Turkey . In an interview held last month in the group 's mountain hideout , the PKK 's military commander , Bahoz Erdal , told CNN 's Arwa Damon and Yousif Bassil that the PKK is defending Kurdish rights and attacks only military targets . "  We are ready for a political solution , " Erdal said , adding that the PKK would lay down its arms if Kurds were guaranteed equal rights within Turkey . But the Turkish government told CNN in response that it does not negotiate with "  terrorists . " In February , Turkish military ground forces launched a weeklong offensive against the rebels in northern Iraq .	Air operation was conducted on the PKK 's "  hiding positions " PKK , Kurdistan Workers ' Party , said it sustained no casualties in the operation Air attack follows clashes blamed on PKK that killed at least 15 Turkish soldiers The central Iraqi government has labeled the PKK a terrorist organization
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Many Americans recall the image of Barack Obama standing on the steps of the Capitol as he was sworn in as the 44th president of the United States in 2009 . But they also remember Aretha Franklin , and how she belted out "  My Country , 'T is of Thee " wearing an enormous bow that threatened to engulf her entire head . Later that night , Beyonce crooned "  At Last " while the Obamas took their first spin on the dance floor as POTUS and FLOTUS . This time , Beyonce will perform the national anthem , with Kelly Clarkson singing "  My Country , 'T is of Thee " and James Taylor doing the honors on "  America the Beautiful . " Inaugural events have spotlighted the intersection of politics , pop culture and music since the early '60s , said David Gergen , director of the Center for Public Leadership at Harvard University . "  The person that really changed the nature of inaugural music was John Kennedy , because he was a friend with many in Hollywood -- especially Frank Sinatra , " said Gergen , also a CNN contributor . "  Sinatra came in and co-produced one of the great shows at an inauguration ... and that became sort of the standard . " Who will be there : Celebrities flock to D.C. for inauguration Kennedy was 43 when he was elected . Bill Clinton and Obama were also in their 40s for their first terms in the Oval Office . "  The younger the president , the more we see a connection to pop culture and to music , " said Phil Gallo , senior correspondent for Billboard . "  So Kennedy , you have it . Nixon , you do n't . " At Richard Nixon 's first inauguration in 1969 , the crowd was treated to "  This is My Country " performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir of Salt Lake City , according to the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies . Gallo believes you can learn a lot about a commander in chief by the musical acts he chooses to spotlight . "  George W. Bush loved to portray himself as a Texas rancher . Therefore , what 's a Texas rancher listen to ? Country . " So Brooks & Dunn and Clint Black headlined his first inaugural celebration in 2001 . In 1977 , Jimmy Carter looked to his regional roots for inspiration . "  Jimmy Carter , he was a Georgian , " Gallo explains . "  At that time , that meant the stars of Southern rock . So the Allman Brothers are in the White House . " Sometimes the musicians are joined on stage by the president himself . In 1989 , George H.W. Bush strummed a guitar with B.B. King at one of his inaugural galas , while in 1993 , Clinton grabbed a saxophone for a duet with the E Street Band 's Clarence Clemons . But even they were upstaged by the five members of Fleetwood Mac , who famously reunited to perform their megahit that became Clinton 's campaign song , "  Do n't Stop . " Frontman Lindsey Buckingham recalls the mood that night . "  It was extremely exhilarating and exciting to do a song that you 've done a million times , but doing it in a completely different context . As we were going out with the tag , ` Do n't you look back , do n't you look back , ' Bill comes up , and Hillary comes up and shakes our hands . It was just one of those experiences you 'll never forget . " Lessons in style from Michelle Obama That one performance caused Fleetwood Mac members to rethink old grievances with each other . "  Oddly enough , it did act as the catalyst for me to sort of reconsider my options , shall we say , and the band got back together , " Buckingham chuckled . This year 's festivities include a Kids ' Inaugural Concert on Saturday and two official balls on Monday night . Performers for those events include Katy Perry , Brad Paisley , Alicia Keys , Marc Anthony , Stevie Wonder and Smokey Robinson -- a mix of pop , country , R & B , Latin , rock and old-school hitmakers . Gallo says Obama 's lineup is deliberately inclusive to reflect his campaign agenda -- but it could just as easily reflect the playlist of the first family . "  It almost looks more like they booked it by looking at the iPod of Barack and Michelle , and then looking at the iPod of their daughters . " Expect Obama 's second-term events to be more celebratory than his first-term functions . "  The first time around , we heard songs that had a message that you would n't have heard in previous inaugurations -- ' A Change is Gon na Come , ' ` We Shall Overcome . ' We had people reflecting on the civil rights movement , the fact that we had our first African-American president , " said Gallo . "  Now , I think it 'll be a little more up-tempo , a little peppier . People want a bit of a diversion as we start to think about the next four years . " Gergen does n't disagree . "  Presidents often choose to make statements about who they are , and what their hopes and aspirations are through the music , through the inaugural address , through the people they bring together there . " Share photos of the inauguration on CNN iReport	Popular music has been part of the presidential inauguration for decades John F. Kennedy asked Frank Sinatra to produce his inaugural celebration in 1961 Beyonce , James Taylor and others will perform this year at Monday 's ceremony
CNN  -- Trial lawyers use an expression -- "  You ca n't unring a bell " -- after a jury is exposed to something damaging . Even if a judge commands people to disregard that something , the harm is done once the words have been uttered . George Zimmerman may be wishing that several ringing bells sounded in his attorney 's opening statement last week could be unrung , beginning with a now infamous joke . After a streamlined prosecution opening in which a rapt courtroom was told of efforts to resuscitate Trayvon Martin 's lifeless form and heard a straightforward argument that Zimmerman shot Martin "  because he wanted to , not because he had to , " Zimmerman 's attorney Don West chose to open his defense by telling a joke . Resorting to humor -- even in traffic court -- is fraught with risk , but seems a particularly unwise idea at the outset of a murder case in which the defense must counter the appearance of casual and callous indifference on Zimmerman 's part . Even worse , perhaps , it runs the risk of appearing to trivialize the trial itself .  The joke chosen even implies that selected jurors who were n't savvy enough to dodge their civic duty will now have their time wasted . Prosecutors will tell you that the most significant challenge to securing a guilty verdict is to persuade initially resistant jurors to grasp the gravity of a case , making them at least open to returning a guilty verdict . Several post-joke comments made by West in his opening could unwittingly pave a path to conviction . West said that it was a dangerous dog in Zimmerman 's neighborhood that forced his hand , necessitating that he buy a 9 mm Kel-Tec PF automatic firearm . The attorney matter-of-factly suggested it was the American way for an ordinary person , faced with an uncontrolled animal in his community , to procure a firearm .  Firing shots at a menacing dog could easily imperil others , of course . Arguing that during the confrontation with Martin , Zimmerman 's head was struck against the pavement , West told the jury : "  When you get your bell rung , stuff happens . " While defending an emotional case like this is admittedly a tricky high-wire act , these words suggest an act of vengeance by an armed man rather than a genuine effort to avoid death . It will not be surprising to hear those words repeated back in the prosecution 's closing statement . Five of the six jurors are mothers for whom "  stuff happens " may seem an insufficient accounting for the termination of a life cut short shy of two decades . By his lawyer 's account , Zimmerman 's worries were not confined to perceived community dangers , but to his own physical well-being . He wanted to learn martial arts , West said , but washed out of fight school , where he was described as too "  soft . " Many defense attorneys deliver short openings or do n't open at all because of the risk of a bad backfire . West 's lengthy opening resulted in a composite picture of a person who easily conjures threats and fears , sought a gun as a leveler for his insecurities and whose response to these perceived threats could be seen as questionable and retaliatory . Criminal defendants are not only at the mercy of the state 's awesome powers , but also must live with the tactical decisions of their attorney . Trying to persuade an appeals court to overturn your conviction because of detrimental choices made by your lawyers at trial is all but impossible . On Monday , the prosecution resorted to the often potent technique of using a defendant 's inconsistent statements in an attempt to collapse his believability and blunt possible jury empathy for him . Prosecutors showed a video of Zimmerman giving an expansive explanation of what happened during a scene walk-through the day after the shooting , followed by playing a lengthy taped interview that was conducted by Sanford police a couple of days later . The prosecution hopes that jurors will agree that the more Zimmerman explains his actions , the more self-serving he sounds , and the less trustworthy he will appear , something vitally important for someone who , when all is said and done , offers the only account detailed enough to justify using lethal force . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eugene O'Donnell .	Eugene O'Donnell : In George Zimmerman 's trial , his attorney began with a bad joke O'Donnell : Resorting to humor in a trial is fraught with risk of appearing too casual He says the defense must counter the appearance of callous indifference O'Donnell : The more self-serving Zimmerman sounds , the less trustworthy he appears
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Two people died in clashes in western Kenya after the top court in the nation upheld Uhuru Kenyatta 's victory in the presidential election . The deaths occurred Saturday in Kisumu , the stronghold of his chief rival , Raila Odinga . At least 22 others were hospitalized , the Kenya Red Cross said . Most of the casualties suffered gunshot wounds , said Abbas Gullet , chief of the local Red Cross The rest of the country remained relatively calm after the ruling . Protesters took to the streets in Kisumu after the Supreme Court ruling Saturday that dismissed Odinga 's petition and retained Kenyatta 's victory . They looted shops and lit bonfires on the road to block traffic , according to the Red Cross . Kenyatta , 51 , won the March 4 election with 50.07 % of the vote . Odinga , who got 43.31 % , had challenged the outcome in court on the grounds that it was flawed and marred by technical problems . After the court issued its ruling , he said he accepted its judgment and would abide by it . "  The court has now spoken , " Odinga said , "  I wish the president-elect and his team well . " Kenyatta will be sworn in April 9 , making him the nation 's fourth and youngest president . Kenyatta and Odinga are the sons of the nation 's first president and vice president , respectively , bringing back memories of a political dynasty that dates to the 1960s . Their fathers started out as allies in the quest for Kenyan independence from Britain . But the elder politicians ' relationship ended in bad blood when founding President Jomo Kenyatta forced out his vice president , Jaramogi Odinga , following a series of disputes .	The rest of the country is relatively calm after the ruling The deaths occurred in Kisumu , the stronghold of Raila Odinga Protesters took to the streets after the Supreme Court retained Kenyatta 's victory The ruling ends a drawn-out case that has riveted the nation
CNN  -- As families head home after the holidays and children return to school , New York City is on sale for travelers willing to brave the cold temperatures in exchange for lower prices . New York 's first-ever Hotel Week will feature discounts for eight city hotels between January 6 and January 15 . More basic hotel rooms , or those slightly off the beaten path , can be found for as little as $ 100 per night plus taxes , while fancier rooms can go for $ 200 or $ 250 per night -- still a deal by city standards . "  Hotel occupancy dips considerably during the first week in January , " said hotel publicist Nancy J. Friedman , who launched the Hotel Week concept with six of her hotel clients and two nonclients . "  It 's a similar model to Restaurant Week , which is so successful at filling up restaurants during quiet times . " Speaking of Restaurant Week , the city 's 20th anniversary promotion starts January 16 and runs through February 10  Mondays through Fridays  . For more information , click here . There is n't a central website or phone number to book Hotel Week rooms . Several hotels have created special websites for the promotions , while others require calling the reservations number . Links are at the end of this article . Always mention Hotel Week when booking and know that these specific discounts are limited . For visitors who wo n't be able to take advantage of limited Hotel Week discounts , more than 120 participating New York City hotels are offering discounts between January 2 and February 29 , sponsored by NYC & Co. , the city 's tourism office . Discounts include a free night for stays of three or more nights , complimentary upgrades or complimentary breakfast . To book a room , click here . During the same period , a group of 20 luxury hotels is offering a free third night to visitors who book two consecutive nights at one of 20 participating "  Signature Collection " hotels . More information can be found here . Theater-lovers can score two-for-one tickets during Broadway Week , January 17 to February 4 . Off-Broadway theater week offers the same deal between January 30 and February 12 . Tickets also go on sale January 4 for both theater weeks . For Broadway shows , click here . For off-Broadway shows , click here . Hotel Week discount links To receive hotel week discounts , be sure to mention Hotel Week when booking . Some rates are available only by calling the reservations line or by using the hotel 's special Hotel Week website . Cheapest : $ 100/night plus taxes and fees The Hotel @ Times Square : To book for Hotel Week , call 212790-2710 . For more information about the hotel , click here . nyma , the new york manhattan hotel : To book for Hotel Week , call 212790-2710 . For more information about the hotel , click here . The Pod Hotel : To book for Hotel Week , call 212355-0300 . For more information about the hotel , click here . Z NYC Hotel  Queens  : To book for Hotel Week , call 212319-7000 . For more information about the hotel , click here . A step up : $ 200/night plus taxes and fees Andaz Wall Street : To book for Hotel Week , use the hotel 's special link here . Hyatt 48 Lex : To book , use the hotel 's link here . Deluxe : $ 250/night plus taxes and fees Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC : To book , use the hotel 's discount link here . Gansevoort Park Avenue NYC : To book during Hotel Week , use the hotel 's discount link here .	New York 's first-ever Hotel Week means lower room rates Restaurant Week celebrates its 20th anniversary next year Theater lovers can score two-for-one tickets during Broadway Week
CNN  -- Think you use your phone to look at Facebook a lot ? Unless you 're doing it at least 14 times a day , you 're actually below average . That 's just one of the surprising revelations in a research report by IDC released Wednesday . The study tapped 7,446 iPhone and Android users in the U.S. between 18 and 44 -- representative of the 50 % of the population that uses smartphones -- and asked them questions about their phone usage across one week in March . Depending on your perspective , many of the results are either depressing or confirm what you knew all along . For example , it seems that 79 % of smartphone users reach for their devices within 15 minutes of waking up . A clear majority -- 62 % -- do n't even wait 15 minutes , and grab their phones immediately .  Among 18 - to 24-year-olds , the numbers rise to 89 % and 74 % . Given that the survey was sponsored by Facebook , most of the questions focus on the social network . Which is , it seems , only the third most popular app on your smartphone , after email and the browser . Still , 70 % of smartphone users are frequent Facebook visitors , with more than half of them checking it every day . Peak Facebook time is during the evening , just before bed . But any time 's good : on average , we visit the Facebook app or the site 13.8 times during the day , for two minutes and 22 seconds each time . Our average total daily mobile time on the site -- and remember , this is just via our smartphones -- is half an hour . That 's roughly a fifth of all the time we spend communicating ; it 's only slightly less time than we spend texting . On weekends , we check Facebook more than we text . Any place seems to be good to check Facebook , too . Some 46 % of us check it when we 're shopping or running errands ; 48 % use it at the gym . Even preparing a meal gives 47 % of us no respite from the social network .  Well , what else are you going to do while you 're waiting for the microwave to ping ? Perhaps the most unpardonable sin : 50 % of smartphone users admit to checking Facebook while at a movie . We hope they mean only during the ads . So what are we spending all that time doing ? Well , for about half of that daily half-hour on the social network , we 're simply browsing our News Feed . The rest of the time is divided fairly evenly between Facebook messaging and posting updates . Half of Facebook users play games via the service on their phone a few times a day . Does the smartphone survey ring true to you ? Share your thoughts in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	New survey tracks Americans ' mobile phone habits and Facebook use Respondents check Facebook an average of almost 14 times a day Peak Facebook use is in the evenings just before bedtime Survey also found 50 % of users admit to checking Facebook while at a movie
CNN  For most of us , a blood test begins with a needle , a syringe and the promise it will all be over quickly . But at the back end , testing blood often requires transporting the vial to a clinic , a range of laboratory equipment and trained clinicians and doctors to get an accurate result . The whole process can take days , and in some cases even weeks . But imagine if you could put the whole laboratory into a portable unit that delivered a reading immediately ? One Irish company says it has developed the solution -- a "  clinic-in-a-box " that can test for a range of diseases or medical conditions in minutes , from just a single drop of blood . "  The physicians were crying out for a simple-to-use device , " Jerry O'Brien , a farmer 's son from Cork who broke with the family tradition to pursue a career in healthcare , told CNN . "  There was a huge unmet clinical need . It was very obvious from the start they wanted a simple device that would test for any condition off a finger-prick of blood within a matter of minutes . " He said a quick look at the antiquated equipment often still used by laboratories immediately told him that there was a better mousetrap to be built . "  We looked at the gold standard piece of equipment , we opened the hood on it and inside there were vacuum tubes , technology from the 50s and 60s and that was the spark , " O'Brien said . After six years of research and development , O'Brien 's Cork-based company Radisens Diagnostics , came up with its Gemini prototype . Cartridges packed with tiny beads with a molecular coating specific to the disease that is being investigated are loaded into the machine . A drop of blood is spun with the beads and any disease molecules present in the blood sample appear in the form long chains . Analyzing these samples under a green light immediately shows how much of the disease is present in the sample . Doctors would be equipped with cartridges specific to the diseases they may be diagnosing ; from heart or liver disease to diabetes . The device has multiple applications and can be used in remote locations where access to laboratory facilities is limited or even non-existent . One of its major investors has been the European Space Agency who are looking to use the device in space . "  It would  give the European Space Agency a device for testing astronauts -- for testing not only there and then but tracking their physiology over their long stays in space in zero gravity , " he said . One of the advantages of the system , said O'Brien , is that doctors can reinforce their medical advice with an instant diagnosis . "  If you can get the diagnostic or monitoring test there and then , the physician can look you in the eye and say ... you 've not been managing your health , when you come back in three months ' time , I want to see better test results . "  People respond to that . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Digital nose on a chip can sniff out cancer Military drones that behave like hawks and insects Out of juice ? Try a cardboard battery	Testing blood often requires a range of laboratory equipment and trained clinicians and doctors to get an accurate result Getting samples to a laboratory and getting the result is time consuming and labor-intensive An Irish company has developed a ` blood test in a box ' solution that allows a doctor to give an immediate reading The device could be used in remote locations and has even been developed for use by astronauts in space
Editor 's note : Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the San Diego Union-Tribune editorial board and a nationally syndicated columnist . Read his column here . Ruben Navarrette says hate crimes should be punished severely because they 're aimed at society as a whole . SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- To think there are some people who still argue that the law should n't categorize some offenses as hate crimes and allow for enhanced criminal penalties . They claim that all sorts of crimes are motivated by hate , and to separate some from others elevates some victims over others and amounts to the state policing thoughts and feelings . They also fear that politicians and institutions are simply yielding to political correctness , liberal pressure groups and identity politics . My view is that hate crimes deserve special punishment because they do n't just victimize whoever they 're aimed at ; they 're intended to send a message , and they terrorize the whole society . That debate might have been settled Wednesday at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , where hate was on display . A shooting left one man dead : Stephen Tyrone Johns , a six-year veteran of the museum 's security staff who , according to museum director Sara Bloomfield , "  died heroically in the line of duty . " The alleged assailant is James von Brunn , a Holocaust denier who created an anti-Semitic Web site . The 88-year-old often challenged the authenticity of "  The Diary of Anne Frank , " the book about a teenage girl living in Amsterdam during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands . So it was probably no coincidence that the shooting occurred on the same day the museum had scheduled a play based on a fictional meeting between Anne Frank and Emmett Till , a martyr of the civil rights movement . Von Brunn also had longstanding ties to white supremacist groups , according to authorities . These outfits flourish in bad times because they give underperformers something really valuable : convenient scapegoats for their troubles , failures and shortcomings . Without that , these misfits might actually have to look in the mirror and take responsibility for their own lives . Although these groups are properly categorized as "  hate groups " by organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center , what also fuels them are things like fear and insecurity . Nowadays , their targets are often Latinos , especially immigrants . But , before that and for much of the history of this country , the targets have been African-Americans . And , for much of the history of the world , they have been Jews . And that prejudice has n't gone away . Consider what the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , the former Chicago , Illinois , pastor whose relationship with Barack Obama became an issue in the presidential election , recently told the Virginia newspaper , the Daily Press , when asked if he speaks to Obama . "  Them Jews are n't going to let him talk to me , " Wright said in an apparent reference to some of Obama 's aides . Wright later said he misspoke and meant to refer to "  Zionists . " A researcher for the Southern Poverty Law Center has said her group had a thick file on von Brunn going back 20 years and that he had become a "  hardcore neo-Nazi . " Von Brunn blamed a six-year prison term he once served -- for the attempted kidnapping of Federal Reserve board members in 1981 -- on "  a Negro jury , " "  Jew/Negro attorneys " and "  a Jew judge , " according to his Web site . In documents read at trial , von Brunn wrote that his goal was to "  deport all Jews and blacks from the white nations . " Also , on his Web site , there 's a message lamenting how "  bit by bit government institutions and Congressmen fell into JEW hands -- then U.S. diplomacy , businesses , resources and manpower came under Jew control . " You get the picture . It 's no mystery what this guy is , to anyone but himself . His court-appointed lawyer from the Federal Reserve case said von Brunn , a veteran , considers himself a patriot . He 's no such thing . That concept is best defined as love for one 's country , not hatred for everyone else . It 's also obvious that , while Americans are always in a hurry to close our most unpleasant chapters , anti-Semitism is alive and well in parts of our society . Like its equally vile cousins -- racism and nativism -- it thrives because many people are threatened by change and eager to cast others as villains . Meanwhile , President Obama said the museum shooting "  reminds us that we must remain vigilant against anti-Semitism and prejudice in all its forms . " So true , Mr. President . Here 's to vigilance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Hate crimes should be punished more severely He says hate crimes terrorize society as a whole Navarrette : Latinos , blacks and Jews have all been targets of haters He says Obama is right to urge constant vigilance against hate
CNN  -- Actress Raven-Symone knows exactly who she is , and that person ca n't be defined with the usual labels . That 's what the former "  Cosby Show " star told Oprah Winfrey on OWN on Sunday night , as she explained why she does n't like to be labeled as gay or African-American . The actress confirmed that she 's in "  an amazing , happy relationship " with her partner , who is a woman , but added that she does n't "  need a categorizing statement for it . " "  I do n't want to be labeled gay , " Raven-Symone said . "  I want to be labeled a human who loves humans . " Raven-Symone says she 's a lesbian , grateful for legalized gay marriage The former Disney star 's sexuality has been in headlines since she tweeted in August 2013 that she was happy for the legalization of gay marriage , as it meant that she could "  finally get married ! " But that was n't exactly a statement on her love life , Raven-Symone told Winfrey . "  That was my way of saying I 'm proud of the country . ... My mother and people in my family have taught me to keep my personal life to myself as much as possible . I try my best to hold the fence where I can . But I am proud to be who I am and what I am . " Raven-Symone recalled realizing her sexuality "  when I was like 12 ; I was looking at everything , " she said with a laugh . But she added that she "  does n't need language " to explain whom she likes -- or , for that matter , her race . Raven-Symone : My sexuality is my business "  I 'm tired of being labeled , " Raven-Symone told Winfrey . "  I 'm an American ; I 'm not an African-American . I 'm an American . " Her statement caught even Winfrey off-guard , as the media mogul took a moment to process the actress ' comment while jokingly warning her , "  do n't set Twitter on fire ! " Raven-Symone defended her stance , explaining that she does n't "  know where my roots go to ; I do n't know how far back they go . I do n't know what country in Africa I 'm from . But I do know that my roots are in Louisiana . I 'm an American , and that 's a colorless person , because we 're all people . I have lots of things running through my veins . " Winfrey , telling Raven-Symone that she was in for "  a lot of flak for saying you 're not African-American , " gave her another opportunity to be precise about her perspective . "  I do n't label myself . What I really mean by that is I 'm an American , " the actres continued . "  I have darker skin . I have a nice , interesting grade of hair . I connect with Caucasian . I connect with Asian . I connect with black . ... I connect with each culture . ... Are n't we all  a melting pot  ? Is n't that what America 's supposed to be ? "	Actress Raven-Symone eschews labels like gay and African-American The former "  Cosby Show " star said she 's just a "  human who loves humans " She also sees herself as just an American , "  a colorless person , because we 're all people "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former porn star Jenna Jameson was charged with battery over the weekend after police said she assaulted someone . The incident took place in Orange County on Saturday evening , police said . Authorities released bare-bones information about the incident Sunday night , saying little more than the person who was assaulted made a citizen 's arrest and called officers . Jameson , 38 , knows the person , but Newport Beach Police Lt. Evan Sailor said he did n't know what their relationship was . Police took Jameson to the Newport Beach Police Jail . She was later released without having to post bail . The battery charge is a misdemeanor . No one from the Jameson camp was available for comment . On Sunday afternoon , however , Jameson took to Twitter to offer a post that said she was robbed by a friend who "  broke into my home and took everything . " Jameson added that the friend "  accused me of gusting her . " At the height of her success , Jameson was an industry unto herself . She appeared in countless adult films , magazines , and strip clubs -- and as CEO of ClubJenna Inc. , launched a film production and online licensing company . In a 2004 interview with CNN following the publication of her book , "  How to Make Love Like a Porn Star : A Cautionary Tale , " Jameson said she chose the right profession . "  I mean , I 've always been so overtly sexual . And I 've always been driven to succeed at something that has n't always been accepted by the American public , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  So I think I chose the right profession . " She retired from porn in 2008 . In recent years , the mother of twins has found herself in the headlines for her brushes with the law . Last May , she crashed her Range Rover into a light pole in Orange County . Police charged her with driving under the influence . In April 2010 , the father of her twin boys , mixed martial artist Tito Ortiz , was charged with domestic violence when Jameson 's father called police as Ortiz and Jameson argued . Ortiz and his lawyer told reporters later that he was upset because he thought Jameson had relapsed in her rehabilitation from a prescription drug addiction . Four days after the incident , Jameson was captured by cameras alternately saying Ortiz was "  the sweetest , most amazing man " and saying that he had beaten her .	The victim makes a citizen 's arrest and calls officers Police does not know the relationship between the victim and Jameson The battery charge is a misdemeanor
CNN  -- Lukas Rosol shocked the sporting world , and perhaps even himself , by defeating two-time champion Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon , but the unknown Czech is not the first to have triumphed against seemingly impossible odds . The history of sport is littered with tales of underdogs toppling heavily-fancied favorites . But how is it that Rosol , ranked 100th in the world and having won just 17 ATP Tour matches prior to Thursday , can rise to the occasion and defeat an 11-time grand slam winner such as Nadal ? Rosol sends Nadal crashing out of Wimbledon "  It 's always far easier to strive for a goal than achieve it , " tennis coach Pete McCraw explained to CNN when asked about how sport 's "  Davids " can get the better of imposing "  Goliaths . " "  It 's all mental , you either believe or you do n't , " he said . "  Truly believe and , as a result , you give yourself a real chance of both playing well and achieving victory in the moment . In the end , so few believe and just want to not get embarrassed . " McCraw , the current director of coaching for Tennis New Zealand , believes the main difference between title-winning stars like second seed Nadal and underachieving journeymen , such as the 26-year-old Rosol , is mentality and an innate belief in their own ability . Who is Lukas Rosol ? "  Champions really live in a different place than the rest - they dare to dream , " he said . "  They have the courage to believe and the confidence to create . The result : they succeed . "  In tennis , when any highly-ranked player is taken to five sets , or three in the women 's game , the lower-ranked player drops their level . In the end , they hand victory to the higher-rated player . " But Rosol did not drop his level . The Wimbledon singles debutant produced devastating strokes in the fifth set to pummel Nadal into submission and reach the third round . His only other appearance on the hallowed grass courts ended in a first-round doubles defeat last year . The 26-year-old 's bullish approached impressed observers all over the world , so is aggression the key to overcoming an imposing opponent ? "  You do n't make top 100 or even the top 10 , let alone win a grand slam , by being aggressive all the time , " said McCraw , who has worked extensively with stars such as Maria Sharapova and Jelena Jankovic . "  The scoreboard rewards conservative decision-making , the court rewards percentage cross-court tennis . No different to golf -- getting up and down in two shots rather than hitting for the pin . The margins are just not there . "  He played to win , backed himself and held his line at the critical time . It 's what you train for all your career , so when the moment arrives there should be nothing to fear as you have been preparing for this for years . " Despite his scintillating performance , two tennis greats have questioned whether Rosol can advance past his next match against German 27th seed Philipp Kohlschreiber . Eight-time grand slam champion Jimmy Connors tweeted : "  In  $ tennis we call Rosol a stopper , he wo n't win or even go deep in tournament but he will stop a top seed from advancing . " Rosol 's compatriot Martina Navratilova , winner of 18 major singles titles , agreed : "  Happy for Lukas Rosol , but really feeling bad for Rafa . Would be shocked if Rosol can get anywhere near that form again . " But McCraw argues that speculation over Rosol 's chances in the rest of the tournament is irrelevant , and all that matters is celebrating his remarkable win . "  Who cares , sport is about on the day , on your merit , and Rosol took his chance , he had a go and backed himself on the day and was rewarded . "  It 's got nothing to do with how far he goes after that , only that on this day he lived his dreams , played to or above his potential and the moment rewarded him with a victory . "  Whether he believes in himself again or not , wins another round or not is irrelevant -- that 's sports as it is life . "	Lukas Rosol beat No. 2 seed Rafael Nadal in five sets at Wimbledon The Czech world No. 100 had only previously won 17 matches on the ATP Tour Tennis coach Pete McCraw believes success is down to mentality and self-belief Jimmy Connors and Martina Navratilova doubt Rosol can build on his win
