CNN  -- As the first president-elect with a Facebook page and a YouTube channel , Barack Obama is poised to use the Internet to communicate directly with Americans in a way unknown to previous presidents . Since the election , President-elect Barack Obama has posted weekly video addresses on YouTube . Judging by Obama 's savvy use of social-networking sites during his campaign and the interactive nature of his transition team 's Web site , Americans can expect a president who bypasses the traditional media 's filters while reaching out to citizens for input , observers say . "  The rebooting of our democracy has begun , " said Andrew Rasiej , founder of Personal Democracy Forum and the techPresident blog . " -LSB- Obama -RSB- has the potential to transform the relationship between the American public and their democracy . " During the presidential race , Obama 's campaign won praise for its innovative use of social-networking sites , including Facebook , MySpace and MyBarackObama.com , to announce events , rally volunteers and raise money . Facebook has more than 150 million active users , and the average user has 100 friends on the site , according to the company . iReport.com : Your chance to ask President-elect Obama a question Obama has more than 1 million MySpace "  friends " and more than 3.7 million "  supporters " on his official Facebook page -- some 700,000 more than when he was elected in November . His campaign also has a database of almost 13 million supporters and their e-mail addresses . Transition officials hope to transform Obama 's vast Web operation and electronic list of supporters into a 21st-century tool to help accomplish his goals as president . They even have a name for this ambitious effort : Obama 2.0 . "  Obama has invented an alternative media model , " said CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider . "  In the old model , the president talks to the people on television -LSB- and -RSB- the people talk back in polls . In the new model , communication is online , and two-way . " Facebook , MySpace , YouTube and Twitter did n't exist when George W. Bush took office eight years ago . But since last November 's election , Obama has wasted no time embracing these online communication portals . In recent weeks he has taped weekly video addresses and posted them to YouTube , where most have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times . Obama 's staffers also have stopped posting information to social-networking sites since the election , preferring to reach out to constituents through YouTube and Change.gov , the official site of the president-elect 's transition team . Visitors to Change.gov can read a frequently updated blog , post their ideas on issues facing the country , and rate others ' ideas . Top-rated ideas will be gathered into a briefing book and given to Obama after he takes office . "  They want information going not just from them to the voters , but from the voters back to them , " Democratic strategist Steve McMahon said Wednesday on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  Thirteen million people pushing a button , sending an e-mail to their elected representatives , making a phone call , taking action , is a powerful , powerful lobbying tool . " "  It 's a very smart use of the Internet , to get people to offer ideas , " said David All , a Republican Internet strategist . All hopes that Obama and his staff take a similar approach to WhiteHouse.gov , the president 's official Web site . The current WhiteHouse.gov site , operated by the Bush administration , contains few interactive features . A statement on the president-elect 's transition site says that Obama hopes to "  use cutting-edge technologies to create a new level of transparency , accountability , and participation for America 's citizens . " It 's fitting , then , that Obama 's inauguration next week could be one of the most watched video events in Internet history . Rasiej expects that hordes of users will be watching online when Obama takes the oath of office , visiting WhiteHouse.gov and refreshing their browsers to capture the moment the site switches to proclaim Obama , not George W. Bush , as president . As president , Obama will likely not just rely on WhiteHouse.gov but use multiple Internet sites and technological tools to build grass-roots support for his agenda , observers say . " -LSB- Obama -RSB- is using the tools that are available to him today , " All told CNN . "  The next president will be using some of the same tools , and also some tools that have n't been invented yet . "	As president , Barack Obama will use the Web to communicate directly with citizens Obama can bypass traditional media filters while reaching out to Americans Political-tech expert : "  The rebooting of our democracy has begun " Transition officials have a name for this online communications effort : Obama 2.0
CNN  -- Do n't pack away those winter coats and hats yet ! We 're in for another blast of cold Arctic air , which is gearing up to roll across most of the country this week , but it wo n't be as bad as the shocking freeze in January . The National Weather Service says some places from the central U.S. to the Ohio and Mississippi Valleys could be having some frosty high temperatures , as low 20 to 30 degrees below normal . If you call it Polar Vortex Part II  or III or IV  , meteorologists say you 'd be wrong -- nor was the first big cold spell of 2014 , strictly speaking , a strike of the Polar Vortex . The Polar Vortex stays anchored over Baffin Bay , to the north of Canada , and does n't move , says CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . But its shifting pattern allows cold Arctic air to spill southward into the United States . "  When it weakens , this allows the cold Arctic air that is often mislabeled the "  Polar Vortex " to spill southward across the U.S. border and bring us bone-chilling temperatures , " Morris explained . So from a technical perspective , "  if you 're looking to get ` struck ' by the vortex , you 're out of luck , " he added . Although this cold snap does n't have as menacing a name , the Arctic air blast will cause temperatures to plummet 25 to 35 degrees below average east of the Rocky Mountains , Morris said . Temperatures will drop Tuesday to 10 to 30 degrees below normal for this time of year in places such as Minnesota and the Dakotas . Then the arctic blast will roll east . By the middle of the week , the freeze zone will sweep the Midwest and the East Coast , plunging lows into the single digits in Indiana and Massachusetts , among other states . It will cover two thirds of the country ; even parts of the Deep South will drop down below freezing -- but just for a night or two , the National Weather Service said . There will probably be some snow here and there , but the good news is that things should stay pretty dry , the weather service said . Many of us will shiver . That 's about it . It wo n't be like that original "  Polar Vortex " -- which again , was a misnomer -- which debuted in early January . In case you forgot : The country experienced record low temperatures and freezing pipes all the way down to Alabama when a large frigid air mass broke free from the Arctic and came down to visit . Students , say goodbye to snow days Meanwhile , along the Gulf Coast , a warm front will increase shower and thunderstorm activity in that region and the Southeastern states Tuesday and into Wednesday . "  By Wednesday afternoon , the front begins to push offshore again and heavier precipitation should begin to diminish . However , a developing surface wave along this front could clip the Mid-Atlantic with some light snows on Wednesday before it moves farther out to sea , " the National Weather Service said . For those of you in the West , you will probably not experience precipitation Tuesday except for possible light snow showers in the higher terrain of the Northern Rockies . Wednesday , precipitation will move inland through California . Back in the cold East , well , maybe Punxsutawney Phil saw this coming .	NEW : Temperatures to drop 20 to 30 degrees below normal in some places It is NOT a repeat of the "  Polar Vortex " monster freeze in early January It has the same origins , but it 's much shorter-lived It will cover two-thirds of the contiguous United States , the weather service says
CNN  -- Everyone knows Hong Kong as the buzzy island city home to over seven million people perpetually on the move . But it may be a surprise to learn that many of the residents in this bustling city do n't spend much time foraging in their pockets for change , especially on public transport . Instead , they whip out their Octopus , a contactless smart card with a chip that communicates with a fare processor in less than a second . It has been in use in Hong Kong since 1997 . According to the company , around 95 percent of people in Hong Kong between the ages of 16-65 have an Octopus card , and their transactions add up to about 18 million dollars every day . But what 's new about Octopus is that recent advances in technology mean that it 's being used with phones too . "  Now with the advance of smart card technology , we 've been able to embed the Octopus mobile SIM inside a smartphone , " explained Octopus CEO Kevin Goldmintz , in an interview with CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . Trains , buses , trams and ferries are all popular places to get around with Octopus , whether it 's on a card , a phone or a watch . Since the Octopus card was released nearly two decades ago , its use has branched off into much more than just transport . Forgot your wallet , purse or cash ? Not to worry . The Octopus can buy your coffee , a movie ticket , clothes , groceries and even allow you to shop online . Another new venture is that Octopus has recently partnered with Taobao , China 's e-commerce answer to eBay or Amazon . Though purchases have to remain relatively small with a current ceiling of $ 130 on each card , Octopus says it allows the customer to easily interact for a purchase . Shoppers simply need to make a purchase on Taobao by putting their phone with the Octopus mobile application up to the screen and tapping to make that transaction happen . Octopus has broadened its reach into mainland China with a dual card in Guangdong province and another in Shenzhen . "  We 're able to put a Hong Kong dollar purse inside the card , as an e-wallet , " said Goldmintz . Octopus says its vision for the next ten years includes tackling the physical/digital convergence and growing its e-commerce strategy . "  And I think the other side of it will also to be exporting the knowledge that we 've accumulated over 17 years of doing contactless smart card , and deploying that knowledge in other cities around the world , " Goldmintz told Stout . As for the future , Octopus is optimistic that a cashless society will spread to other areas , particularly in its own patch of the Asia-Pacific area . "  You know I buy my lunch with my Octopus . I pay for drinks on Octopus . I buy coffee with my Octopus , " said Goldmintz . "  So I think there will be day when both Hong Kong and other cities around Asia-Pacific particularly will be looking towards a cashless society , " he said . "  I think we 're going to make huge in-roads in the next five to ten years in this . " The best way to experience Hong Kong ? Climb aboard one of its iconic trams	Hong Kong residents have a fairly cash-free life , especially on public transport The Octopus card , already 17 years old , is now used for several types of commerce Octopus sees a cashless society as a reality , especially in the Asia-Pacific region
CNN  After a weekend shipwreck off the coast of Italy that may have killed hundreds of migrants , the International Organization for Migrants said Monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters . Authorities still do n't know the fate of many of the passengers , including children , who were on the large ship bound from Libya to Europe that capsized Saturday night in the frigid waters of the Mediterranean Sea . That sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages . "  Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat , sometimes even at gunpoint , " Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said . "  They 're putting them on the road to death , really , and nothing else . " A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya , and the number of potential victims is not clear . A Bangladeshi survivor told investigators there were 950 people on board . Previous estimates put the number around 700 . Maltese authorities , who are working with Italian rescuers , said around 50 people had been saved . But the Italian Coast Guard said 28 people had been rescued and 24 bodies recovered . Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily , according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico . On Monday , European Union ministers met in Luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis . "  We are not yet working on numbers , but what we have agreed on today is , for sure , the need to increase significantly the resources at sea , and the level of the operation , doing more search and rescue and doing it more together , " Federica Mogherini told CNN 's "  The World Right Now with Hala Gorani . " The EU high representative for foreign affairs and security policy said the European Union must fight human traffickers , strengthen Europeans ' duty to save lives at sea and share responsibility when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees . "  We need to fight the organizations that are trafficking and smuggling people , so that we can prevent desperate people from leaving in desperate conditions , " Mogherini said . "  My pain is that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died . " Migrants have been attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years , but authorities have reported a sudden surge in the past 10 days , along with a grim spike in the number of those who are killed en route . Already this year , more than 900 migrants are believed to have died while crossing the Mediterranean , far more than during the same period in 2014 , the International Organization for Migration said last week . Since the beginning of 2015 , more than 35,000 refugees and migrants have crossed the Mediterranean Sea -- 23,500 have landed in Italy and more than 12,000 in Greece , according to the United Nations High Commission on Human Rights . While those numbers sound high , they were even higher the previous year . In 2014 , approximately 219,000 refugees and migrants sailed across the Mediterranean , with most having to be rescued by the Italian Navy , Coast Guard or merchant ships , the UNCHR said . It is estimated that 3,500 people in 2014 died at sea . On Monday , yet another boat sank off the Greek island of Rhodes , killing at least three people , the Greek Merchant Marine Ministry said . Of the 83 people reported on board , at least 57 survived . Those confirmed dead were a man , a woman and a child . The capsizing of the ship that departed from Libya marked the worst such disaster so far . As rescuers approached the boat in response to a distress call Saturday night , authorities say , migrants moved to one side , hoping to be saved . Their movement caused the large , multilevel boat to capsize about 110 kilometers  70 miles  north of Libya , sending many passengers plunging into the sea . According to one Bangladeshi survivor , large numbers of people remained trapped inside the boat as it sank . Smugglers -- human traffickers organizing the voyages -- had locked the doors to the lower levels of the vessel , the survivor told Italian authorities . "  Our troops , together with the Italian navy , are literally looking through the bodies to try to find someone who 's still alive , " Muscat said . While the shipwreck was an accident , Muscat slammed the human traffickers whom he accused of risking people 's lives by putting them on rickety ships in unpredictable waters . It 's "  genocide -- nothing less than genocide , really , " Muscat told CNN . "  A mass grave is being created in the Mediterranean Sea and European policies are responsible , " said Loris De Filippi , the president of the international aid group Doctors Without Borders . He compared the high number of deaths to "  figures from a war zone . " De Filippi called on European states to immediately launch large-scale search and rescue operations with proactive patrolling as close as possible to Libyan shores . "  Faced with thousands of desperate people fleeing wars and crises , Europe has closed borders , forcing people in search of protection to risk their lives and die at sea , " he said . "  This tragedy is only just beginning , but it can and should be stopped . " Save the Children similarly called on European officials to do more . "  What we needed from EU foreign ministers today was life-saving action , but they dithered , " the group 's CEO Justin Forsyth said in a statement . "  With each day we delay we lose more innocent lives and Europe slips further into an immoral abyss . Right now , people desperately seeking a better life are drowning in politics . " Many of the migrants who board ships to cross the Mediterranean come from sub-Saharan Africa , often traveling for weeks or months just to get to the ships . They 're seeking a better life , but many are exploited by the ruthless smugglers who organize the voyages . "  There is a well-oiled machine with the human traffickers , first by land and then by sea , and they feel the need for these desperate people who just want to get to Europe at all costs , " said Rome-based journalist Barbie Nadeau . The situation on board the boat that sank over the weekend is n't unusual , based on accounts of previous voyages . On old fishing boats , "  people are crammed into what used to be the frozen live tank compartments in the bottom of the ship , " Nadeau said . "  Those are the cheaper tickets . People that want to be out on the upper deck , which is the prime space , pay a little more for that service . " Traffickers are believed to charge anywhere from 6,000 euros to 8,000 euros  $ 6,450 to $ 8,600  per person for the dangerous voyage , she said . Italy 's proximity to the North African coast puts it on the front line of tackling the continent 's migration crisis . "  We 're swamped , " Sandro Gozi , the Italian minister for European affairs , told French daily Le Monde . "  There 's not even enough space in Sicily 's cemeteries to bury the dead . " An Italian search and rescue program , Mare Nostrum , was credited with rescuing more than 160,000 migrants in the space of a year . But it ended in October because of budget constraints and criticism from the European Union that the program itself was encouraging migrants to head across the Mediterranean . The European Union 's border control agency , Frontex , started its own mission in November , known as Triton , with a budget of less than a third of that of Mare Nostrum . Frontex has no vessels or surveillance equipment of its own , so has to rely on European member states to lend it ships . As anti-immigrant parties thrive across the continent , European nations are collectively struggling to cope with the migration crisis on their doorstep . "  We ca n't act as if each tragedy is the last while crossing our fingers that another one does n't happen , " Gozi told Le Monde , lamenting "  a total absence " of European Union policy on how to deal with refugees arriving in Europe . The European Commission , the executive branch of the EU , said Sunday it was consulting member states , European agencies and international organizations to prepare what it called a European Migration Strategy to be adopted in mid-May . "  These are human lives at stake , and the European Union as a whole has a moral and humanitarian obligation to act , " it said . But international groups say European governments are failing to do enough . Doctors Without Borders will begin its own rescue effort , De Filippi said , because "  as a medical , humanitarian organization , we simply can not wait any longer . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Hada Messia , Josh Levs and Catherine E. Shoichet and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	Two survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking , police say European officials propose a 10-point plan meant to address the crisis A survivor tells authorities that migrants were trapped behind locked doors
Some of the most heartbreaking images to emerge from the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash scene have been those of passengers ' belongings . A guide book , a stuffed toy monkey , a passport -- items that remind us that those traveling on the Boeing 777 were , in many ways , just like us . Which is why many Sky News viewers watching the network 's live broadcast Sunday were shocked to see a reporter begin picking through the contents of an open suitcase lying among debris in the eastern Ukrainian field where the passenger plane went down . Immediately realizing his error while on air , correspondent Colin Brazier said , "  We should n't really be doing this , I suppose . " But the damage had already been done . A flurry of messages posted to social media decried the segment as "  sickening " and "  disrespectful . " Both Brazier and Sky News have apologized "  profusely " for any offense caused , in a statement released by the network . In a piece published Tuesday in Britain 's Guardian newspaper , Brazier again apologized and sought to explain what had led to what he called a "  serious error " of judgment and a gaffe . "  Good journalism takes many things and the empathy I hope they have wrought in me is one of them . But so is understanding the boundaries of decency and taste . And from time to time , we screw up , " he wrote . "  At the weekend I got things wrong . If there was someone to apologise to in person , I would . " Brazier said that seeing a pink water bottle just like one owned by his 6-year-old daughter in the midst of the victims ' belongings had pushed him over the edge emotionally . What viewers of the broadcast did n't see , he said , "  is that I had lost it . It is a cardinal sin of broadcasting , in my book anyway , to start blubbing on-air . I fought for some self-control , not thinking all that clearly as I did so . Too late , I realised that I was crossing a line . " Meanwhile , anger over the handling of the crash site in the rebel-controlled area of eastern Ukraine is growing amid allegations of looting , tampering with evidence and investigators being stopped from examining the wreckage . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry described reports of "  drunken separatists piling the remains of people into trucks in an unceremonious fashion . " The rebels ' local leader , Alexander Borodai , has rejected accusations that his forces removed the bodies and denied responsibility for reported use of stolen bank cards taken from the crash victims . Borodai said he could not rule out the possibility that "  some local residents could have searched the bodies . "	"  If there was someone to apologise to in person , I would , " Colin Brazier writes in UK paper Sky News apologizes after reporter seen picking through suitcase at MH17 crash site Journalist realizes his mistake on air , before issuing formal apology along with network Criticisms of handling of site , which is in rebel-held territory , abound
Financial Times  -- HSBC is gearing up for thousands more job cuts , with Europe 's biggest bank by market value set to outline the next stage in its strategic overhaul at an investor day in two months ' time . "  There is no fantastical new strategy out there , " said one person familiar with the bank 's planning . "  But there 's still huge potential to be more efficient . " Stuart Gulliver , HSBC 's chief executive , said when he announced annual results last week that he would "  fixate on costs " over the coming year and promised to find a further $ 1bn of annual savings in 2013 . The job cuts target has still to be fixed but people close to the bank suggested up to 5,000 staff could go as part of the $ 1bn savings plan . If HSBC maintained the recent rate of staff cuts to cost savings , the number would be closer to 10,000 . Mr Gulliver , in charge since early 2011 , has spent the past two years trying to streamline HSBC 's global network of fiefdoms , both in order to impose more control from head office in London and to strip out overlaps and inefficiencies . HSBC has already exceeded its target of finding $ 2.5 - $ 3.5 bn of cost savings by 2013 , announcing $ 3.6 bn of "  sustainable annual savings " with its 2012 results . But the bank remains as far as ever from a related target -- to cut the bank 's elevated cost-income ratio to between 48 and 52 per cent . Last year the ratio , which measures overheads as a proportion of revenue , spiralled upwards to 62.8 per cent . The number was inflated by the one-off cost of paying a $ 1.9 bn fine to US regulators over money laundering and sanctions abuses . But even with that stripped out the cost-income ratio was still 56 per cent , as revenue numbers were held back by anaemic economic growth in much of the world . The details of Mr Gulliver 's plan are set to be outlined to investors in May . The bank is expected to close or sell a further eight to 10 businesses this year and next , in addition to the 49 already divested since 2011 . The new job cuts will come in addition to a sharp reduction of staff numbers -- from 302,000 to 260,000 -- over the past two years . About 10,000 of the headcount reduction so far has been the result of divestments , with the rest due to cuts . But according to people involved in planning the investor day , the tally of cuts could be more dramatic still if Mr Gulliver presses ahead with plans to uproot HSBC 's tradition of in-house software development . The number of staff working in that area is already estimated to have been trimmed from 27,000 to about 21,000 . But many more are likely to go as the bank shifts towards an outsourcing approach . Bankers said contraction was likely to be gradual and would be offset to an extent by the creation of new jobs as HSBC pushes aggressively into new technology areas , such as mobile banking . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	HSBC is gearing up for thousands more job cuts People close to the bank say up to 5,000 staff could go as part of a $ 1bn savings plan
CNN  -- The United Nations ' Human Rights Council concluded Wednesday that Israeli forces committed serious violations of international law when they conducted a mid-sea interception of a humanitarian aid flotilla in an incident that left nine people dead . "  The fact-finding mission concluded that a series of violations of international law , including international humanitarian and human rights law , were committed by the Israeli forces , " said the 56-page report . The report described the circumstances of the deaths of "  at least six of the passengers " as being "  consistent with ... an arbitrary and summary execution . " Israel has maintained its troops used force on the activists in May after they were attacked by those on board one boat . Soldiers were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects , Israeli officials have said . But passengers on board the boat insist Israeli troops fired on them without provocation . "  The report published today is as biased and as one-sided as the body that has produced it , " the Israeli government said . "  Israel , therefore , is of the opinion that the flotilla incident is amply and sufficiently investigated as it is . All additional dealing with this issue is superfluous and unproductive . " But Israel on Wednesday said it was conducting its own investigation and will participate in a panel of inquiry called by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . The Human Rights Council , which indicated it spoke with more than 100 witnesses , said Israeli troops "  demonstrated levels of totally unnecessary and incredible violence " against flotilla passengers during the May 31 interception . It said there was also evidence of wilful killing , torture or inhuman treatment and injury that would warrant prosecution within the Fourth Geneva Convention . "  The Mission is satisfied not only that the flotilla presented no imminent threat but that the interception was motivated by concerns about the possible propaganda victory that might be claimed by the organizers of the flotilla , " the council 's fact-finding mission declared . After Israeli forces landed on one vessel , a struggle for control of the ship began . Israeli forces fired at wounded people and killed several people who posed no threat , the report said . "  The circumstances of the killing of at least six of the passengers were in a manner consistent with an extra-legal , arbitrary and summary execution , " it added . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak has said that Israel went to great diplomatic lengths to stop the flotilla heading to the Palestinian territory of Gaza , and when that did n't work , it considered the implications of the use of force and weighed the possibility of simply letting the flotilla through . In the end , Israel made the right decision , Barak said recently in testimony before an Israeli commission looking into the incident . The incident left a wide-ranging military and diplomatic alliance between the Jewish state and Turkey , its powerful regional ally , badly shaken . The flotilla departed from Turkey .	Nine people were killed during interception of flotilla bound for Gaza A U.N. probe says Israeli forces used unnecessary violence Israel says council 's conclusions are biased Report : Circumstances of some deaths were "  consistent with ... summary execution "
CNN  News that a jury has ordered Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams to fork out $ 7.4 million in damages and profits for allegedly drawing on Marvin Gaye 's 1977 hit "  Got to Give It Up " in their song "  Blurred Lines " has thrust the issue of music copyright into the headlines . But it 's by no means the first time . Recently , it was reported that Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne would be given songwriting credits for Sam Smith 's hit song "  Stay With Me . " But the really interesting part was that this only happened after Petty 's team noticed a likeness between Smith 's song and Petty 's 1989 hit "  I Wo n't Back Down . " Astonishingly , this means Smith , and somehow every single person at every stage of the production process of "  Stay With Me , " were all -- to a person -- apparently not familiar with the 1989 Petty/Lynne tune . It makes this old-timer think : Wait , how did anyone release that song and not think it sounded like Petty 's "  Wo n't Back Down " ? I assumed it was a collaboration ! The only plausible explanation is that every executive , every studio employee and every human involved in that decision was under 30 and had never heard of Tom Petty . Or MTV . Or iTunes . Or the music industry . "  Wo n't Back Down " does n't get a lot of play time now , but in 1989 , you could not have avoided this song . MTV played videos pretty much nonstop back then , and this one accounted for about 20 % of the content on MTV -- or at least it felt that way . To this author , and amateur music infringement sleuth , the songs are almost identical . But , it turns out music -- and music similarity -- is almost entirely in the eye of the beholder  or "  be-hearer "  . Other songs that have ` Blurred Lines ' In a music plagiarism case , one musician claims that another composer has "  stolen " his pre-existing song . The plaintiff has the burden of proving that the challenged composition  1  is substantially similar , and , further ,  2  that this similarity is due to copying . The challenge is that even if the plaintiff can prove song similarity , the plaintiff usually has no evidence that the accused composer actually heard the song in advance . So , music infringement presents a tricky question : Should a court find that the defendant infringed the plaintiff 's song just upon a showing that the songs are similar or identical -- despite the plaintiff 's inability to show that the defendant ever actually heard the song ? Instead , plaintiffs generally prove this element by showing that the person who composed the defendant 's work had "  access . " Examples of "  access " are where a plaintiff 's song has been widely disseminated , either by public broadcasts , widespread distribution and even the publication of sheet music . If a composer and his work are not famous , naturally it 's harder to prove access to a musical composition that has largely been distributed no further than a dog-eared notebook in mom 's basement . It 's hard to hold a defendant liable for infringement solely because the piece is similar , and courts are reluctant to do so . At the same time , "  access " today is much easier to prove than it was before the Internet . If someone has five fans on his aspiring-rapper Facebook page , and he posts songs recorded right onto his MacBook , can it be said that a Sam Smith had "  access " to that music when he records a nearly identical tune ? After all , technically , it was only a click away on the Internet , just not a click that anyone was likely to make . The advent of the Internet means artists now have "  access " to everything , at any time . Surprisingly , courts have held that in cases of the unknown , un-famous plaintiff , the "  access " may be inferred where the plaintiff proves the similarity between the songs is both substantial and striking , and also that the similarities could only have come from copying , and not coincidence . So , in an era where every song ever composed is online , at our fingertips , it all boils down to a collective smell test . And if you have ever seen Vanilla Ice defend his accused theft in "  Ice Ice Baby " of David Bowie and Queen 's classic sound in "  Pressure , " you know that there really is not much difference between "  Da-Da-Da Da-Da Da-Da " and "  Da-DA Da-Da Da-Da-Da Da . "  Here 's the link to that piece of tape , for no other reason than it 's a fantastic example of self-delusion . The fascinating thing is that the music business is full of these alleged song robberies . Since music is so personal , whether the listener hears the old song in the new depends heavily on the individual 's music preferences and knowledge . If you are proficient in the art of blues or rock chord progression , for example , you may recognize that the famous Baroque canon by Pachelbel , is almost identical chord-wise to Blues Traveler 's '90s hit "  Hook . " This , even though no one would confuse the feel or genre of "  Hook " with Pachelbel 's wedding classic . On the other hand , if  like my Grandpa Vito  you think all rap music sounds like "  pots and pans clanging together , " then you may not have the palate for differentiating between rap , hip-hop , house or trance . The point is , music theory may be a hard science , but music appreciation is anything but . As a result , music comparison is all over the map . For example , in 1971 , former Beatle George Harrison was sued for supposedly pilfering the Chiffons song "  He 's So Fine " for his hit song "  My Sweet Lord . " YouTube "  He 's So Fine " right now and listen . Now YouTube "  My Sweet Lord . " Identical or different ? The chords are substantially similar in both verse and chorus . The fact that the songs are from different "  eras " is either a minor distinction to you , or dispositive of any claims . The reality is that once you start playing these songs for different people , you find that because we all perceive music differently , there may be no objective way ultimately to determine if any song ever infringes another . After all , is n't all music inspired by something that came before it ? Sure , each side can call experts in music theory at trial to testify about the circle of fifths , and tonal harmony this and arpeggio that . But those experts would still be explaining it to a lay judge , jury and even lawyers . These laypeople are all individuals , all experiencing music differently . And in the case of the Chiffons ' song and Harrison 's "  My Sweet Lord " ? The court ultimately determined that Harrison 's use of parts of the Chiffons ' song , in the same order , sequence and harmonies , meant Harrison subconsciously misappropriated "  He 's So Fine . " Is that how you would have called it ? Play it for your spouse or kids and see what they say . You may find they disagree with you . This kind of dispute appears whimsical , but it actually has serious economic implications . Music is protected by copyright , which , along with trademarks and patents comprise an area of law known as intellectual property . A copyright is just an expression of an idea in a fixed , tangible medium , which means a song , a painting and even software code is entitled to copyright protection . The most paradoxical thing about intellectual property law is that it incentivizes creativity and invention by rewarding creators with a limited monopoly ... and nothing destroys ingenuity more than monopoly . The line must be carefully drawn , because the loser in a copyright case may be out some major damages in the form of royalties . In the case of Sam Smith 's use of the Tom Petty work , to Smith 's credit , his team reportedly listened to the two songs and acknowledged the similarity . And in a rare moment in music infringement history the parties actually settled the matter amicably . Of course , for me , the key lesson in all this is that knowing Petty 's music now seems to mean that I am officially old . Which means it 's time to retire my acid-wash jean jacket with the Whitesnake patch . Even worse , though -- if potential litigants such as Smith and Petty are going to start resolving disputes without hiring us lawyers , then I might have to retire my law license along with the denim jackets .	Jury has found that ` Blurred Lines ' drew on Marvin Gaye 's ` Got to Give It Up ' Danny Cevallos : Music infringement presents a tricky question
The gold -- no , scratch that -- platinum envelopes have been opened to reveal Condé Nast Traveler 's 18th annual "  hot list , " highlighting what it says are the best hotels to debut in the past year . Editors from the luxury vacation mag examined hundreds of swanky venues from Beijing to the Big Apple to pinpoint their favorites , a tough job after which they likely deserve a well-earned vacation . This year 's list of 33 finalists is described as the most selective ever . It certainly seems that way -- in 2013 no fewer than 154 were chosen . Some 510 hotels from 400 cities and 93 countries were scored for "  sense of place , " "  personality " and "  intuition " -- which apparently means meeting your needs before you know what your needs are . The venues were split into seven categories , including the best beach hotels , family hotels , design hotels and "  way-out-there " remote hotels . The list also celebrates "  over-the-top " establishments , such as Venice 's Amal Canal Grande . It also includes "  bargain hotels " -- but this being Condé Nast Traveler , slumming it means you still wo n't get much change out of $ 300 a night . Best beach hotels Andaz Maui at Wailea  Hawaii Mukul Resort  Guacalito de la Isla , Nicaragua Nizuc Resport and Spa  Cancún , Mexico Point Yamu by COMO  Phuket , Thailand Salt House Inn  Provincetown , Massachusetts Best family hotels Andaz Peninsula Papagayo  Costa Rica La Bandita Townhouse  Tuscany , Italy Palihouse Santa Monica  Los Angeles The Ritz-Carlton , Aruba  Aruba Best food hotel Domaine de la Baume  Tourtour , France Park Hyatt Siem Reap  Cambodia Thompson Chicago  Chicago The Vines Resort & Spa  Tunuyán , Argentina The Wild Rabbit  Kingham , England Zero George Street  Charleston , South Carolina Best bargain hotels American Trade Hotel  Panama City , Panama The Dean  Providence , Rhode Island The Line Hotel  Los Angeles The Marlton Hotel  New York The Temple Hotel  Beijing Best design hotels Ace Hotel Downtown Los Angeles  Los Angeles Hotel B  Lima , Peru Hotel d'Angleterre  Copenhagen , Denmark Mandarin Oriental Pudong , Shanghai  Shanghai The London Edition  London Best over-the-top hotels Aman Canal Grande Venice  Italy Cheval Blanc Randheli  Maldives Four Seasons Lion Palace St. Petersburg  Russia The Chedi Andermatt  Switzerland Rosewood London  London Best way-out-there hotels Amanoi  Nui Chua National Park , Vietnam Fogo Island Inn  Newfoundland , Canada Segera Retreat  Laikipia Plateau , Kenya	Condé Nast Traveler says this year 's list of 33 new hotels is its most selective yet Categories include beach , family , food , bargain , design and "  way-out-there " Editors tried out 510 hotels from 400 cities to narrow the list
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Police used pepper gas and water cannons to disperse crowds of demonstrators who took to the streets Tuesday to protest a meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank . A protester fires a catapult at police during demonstrations in Istanbul . Some protesters broke shop windows in and around Taksim Square before scurrying for cover as police armored cars hosed them with water . Taksim Square , in downtown Istanbul , is blocks from the site of the IMF meeting . Delegates are in the city to discuss ways to battle poverty and to strategize ways to prevent a repeat of last year 's global economic crisis . Though Turkey is one of the world 's 20 wealthiest economies , a huge income gap exists . The latest government statistics show that nearly one in five Turks lives below the poverty line , despite the country 's economy enjoying steady growth for much of the past decade . Watch CNN reporter overwhelmed by tear gas " Over the past year , the economic crisis has pummeled Turkey 's export-driven industries , pushing unemployment to record highs . See images of protests " The downturn has hit everyone from Istanbul 's garbage pickers , who say there is less useful trash to scavenge , to Istanbul 's cabbies , who complain that fewer customers can afford rides . iReport : Send your photos , videos On Thursday , a protester threw a shoe at the IMF director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , at the end of a question-and-answer session Thursday at a university in Istanbul . The shoe missed . Other demonstrators at Bilgi University unfurled a banner and chanted , "  Go away , IMF . You 're stealing money . "	Police use water cannons to disperse anti-IMF protesters in Istanbul Some protesters broke shop windows in and around Taksim Square IMF delegates are in the city to discus ways to battle poverty
CNN  -- The indictment and possible trial of Texas Gov. Rick Perry for allegedly applying illegal coercion to a district attorney will complicate -- but not kill -- his all-but-certain run for President in 2016 . It 's a sure bet that voters outside of Texas will forgive , ignore or overlook any outcome short of a conviction . Perry would n't be the first modern presidential candidate to hit the trail with a scandal clanging in the background like noisy cans tied to the back of his campaign bus . But history suggests that a messy local political scene , with all its feuds and ethical shenanigans , is rarely a deal breaker on the national stage . Most biographies of Franklin D. Roosevelt , for example , focus on his stature as the architect of labor reforms and major New Deal programs such as Social Security , the Works Progress Administration and the Tennessee Valley Authority . Few of the official histories note that Roosevelt 's career began as an opponent -- and later , a staunch ally -- of the famously corrupt Democratic Party hierarchy in New York , centered at Tammany Hall , a clubhouse whose members freely trafficked in bribes , kickbacks , rigged government contracts and stolen elections . "  Roosevelt , in the end , came to Tammany . Tammany did not come to him , " writes Terry Golway , author of "  Machine Made , " a masterly work on the history of Tammany Hall . Years later , as President , Roosevelt confided to a friend that "  tens of thousands of people are members of Tammany Hall . I do not think they are all objectionable for that reason ! " That fundamental truth -- that local political machines , whatever their ethical shortcomings , are indispensable when it comes to winning elections -- was equally true for Roosevelt 's vice president and successor , Harry Truman , who hailed from an even more flamboyantly corrupt political machine in Kansas City , Missouri . The city machine was run by a notorious leader , "  Boss Tom " Pendergast , whose reign ended with a stint in federal prison . Truman never renounced his early patron , and attended Pendergast 's funeral days after being sworn in as vice president . It 's tempting to think "  that was then , this is now " since Roosevelt and Truman operated in the days before television brought politics into nearly every American home . But consider what happened when -- decades before Watergate -- Richard Nixon weathered a scandal shortly after being named running mate to Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 . Journalists had discovered that the then-senator accepted money and personal gifts from a campaign fund financed by group of conservative businessmen , leading to widespread calls for Nixon to resign from the Republican ticket . Typical of the negative tone was one paper , The Sacramento Bee , that blasted Nixon as "  the pet and protÃ © gÃ © , the subsidized front man " for a "  special interest group of rich Southern Californians . " Nixon answered the critics by seizing upon the still-new technology of television to deliver what 's now known as the "  Checkers " speech .  Nixon , staring into the cameras , said the only personal gift he 'd received from the fund was a beloved dog , Checkers , that he had no intention of selling or returning .  Nixon also asked for -- and received -- a popular wave of calls from voters to GOP officials telling them to leave Nixon alone . The Checkers speech , delivered to what was then the largest broadcast audience in history , not only showed the power of a direct appeal to the people , it also demonstrated the public 's ability to look beyond the sometimes tawdry details of local politics and focus on the major issues of the day . Voters accepted Lyndon Johnson as a vice president and later President despite widespread rumors that his election to the U.S. Senate in 1948 by a razor-thin , 87-vote margin was stolen with the help of corrupt Texas political bosses -- charges confirmed decades after the fact by biographer Robert Caro . And in 1992 when it turned out that presidential candidate Bill Clinton and his wife , Hillary , had ties to an ethically stinky , failed land development deal called Whitewater , voters shrugged it off and made him leader of the free world . No matter how much outrage Clinton 's enemies tried to stir up over Whitewater , it never took hold with the voting public , which returned Clinton to the presidency for a second term . This is not to suggest that Perry 's local troubles wo n't have a national impact . His indictment may scare away some potential supporters , making it harder for him to line up donations and early political support in this crucial pre-election season . And a conviction -- highly unlikely but possible -- would surely end Perry 's presidential hopes . But the mere fact of a local political squabble casting a shadow on Perry 's image ultimately wo n't automatically knock him out of the running . Far more important will be avoiding debate gaffes such as the famous "  oops " incident in 2012 and making headway in early presidential states such as Iowa and New Hampshire , where Perry is currently mired in single digits in the polls . It may not be much comfort to his supporters , but from the standpoint of presidential politics , Perry is pretty much the same candidate he was before the legal papers got served : a long shot with a tough road ahead of him .	Errol Louis : Rick Perry 's indictment will complicate , not kill , his chances in 2016 He says candidates like LBJ , FDR have run for President before while trailing scandal Political machines are indispensable to winning elections , he says Louis : Perry likely to remain the same long-shot candidate he was before being indicted
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- More than 80 elephants in Zimbabwe have been poisoned with cyanide -- the latest victims of poachers keen to feed soaring global demand for illegally trafficked ivory . Since May , the carcasses of 87 elephants have been discovered in Hwange National Park , said Caroline Washaya-Moyo , public relations manager for Zimbabwe 's Parks and Wildlife Management Authority . The poachers poisoned natural salt licks to bring down the mighty beasts , she said Wednesday . The parks authority has so far recovered 51 tusks , she said -- leaving 123 in the hands of the poachers . Zimbabwe 's newly appointed Environment Minister Saviour Kasukuwere told CNN that he would push for stiffer jail penalties to root out poaching in the wildlife-rich African nation . "  That will be one of my missions in the new parliament , given the recent case of elephants which were poisoned by poachers , " said Kasukuwere , who has twice visited the park in recent days to see the impact of the poisoning . Last month authorities arrested five suspected poachers after 41 elephants were found dead in the park , which is about 800 kilometers  500 miles  southwest of Harare , not far from Zimbabwe 's border with Zambia . The other carcasses have been discovered since then , Washaya-Moyo said . Three of those arrested have been convicted and are due to be sentenced this week , she said . Two investigations are ongoing . Poaching stinks ... and now dogs are sniffing it out Call for tougher action The Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force , an anti-poaching organization , said the latest elephant deaths could have been avoided if Harare was tougher on those convicted of poaching . "  They need to be given some extensive jail time . If it was , they would n't carry on doing it , " said the organization 's chairman , Johnny Rodrigues . He accused Zimbabwe of not doing enough to clamp down on poachers and of creating an impression that the country had more elephants than it can sustain . "  They want permission from CITES to sell the ivory they have in stock and they think they will get it if there are too many elephants here , " Rodrigues said , referring to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species . CITES , also known as the Washington Convention , aims to ensure that international trade in specimens of wild animals and plants is kept to a minimum to avoiding threatening their existence . Rodrigues puts the country 's elephant population at around 35,000 , while Washaya-Moyo said it was about 45,000 . The use of cyanide could also have a wider impact , Rodrigues said . "  When other animals and birds feed on the rotting elephant carcasses , they will also die from the poison . Hundreds of animals are now at risk , " he said . The police suspect there could be more elephant carcasses in the park that have not yet been discovered , he added . The Parks and Wildlife Management Authority warned that wildlife poaching syndicates in Zimbabwe "  have become sophisticated and need appropriate responses to effectively deal with them . " ` Killed in record numbers ' The International Fund for Animal Welfare and the WWF conservation group said that a recent surge in the illicit ivory trade has resulted in the killing of 30,000 African elephants annually in recent years . The International Fund for Animal Welfare , which published a major study into the illegal wildlife trade in June , calculates that an elephant loses its life to poaching on average every 15 minutes . "  Elephants were killed for their ivory in record numbers in 2011 and 2012 , and some rhinoceros subspecies have become extinct or are on the verge of extinction , " it said . "  Rangers are regularly killed by poachers , and some of the world 's poorest countries continue to see their wildlife decimated for the black market in wild animals and parts . Meanwhile , the profits realized from the illegal trade in wildlife have surged to levels once reserved for legally traded precious metals . "  Criminal and violent groups around the world have become the main actors exploiting this global industry . " Elephants under siege Demand in Asia , United States Much of the demand for ivory , as well as rhinoceros horn , is in Asia , and particularly China , where these items are used in traditional medicines and handicraft products , the report said . The United States is widely considered to be the second-largest destination for illegally trafficked wildlife in the world , it said , with the European Union third . Authorities in the United States have spoken out against the illegal trade in recent weeks . Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell announced this month that nearly six tons of elephant ivory seized by U.S. wildlife inspectors would be destroyed to highlight the issue . "  Rising demand for ivory is fueling a renewed and horrific slaughter of elephants in Africa , threatening remaining populations across the continent , " Jewell said . "  We will continue to work aggressively with the departments of Justice and State , as well as with international law enforcement agencies , to disrupt and prosecute criminals who traffic in ivory , and we encourage other nations to join us in that effort . " The ivory stockpile , which includes whole tusks as well as smaller carvings and jewelry , has been kept at a secure site in Colorado , where it will be crushed and destroyed next month . Commercial ivory trade has been banned in the United States since 1989 . The Clinton Foundation is also working with conservation groups to try to halt the gruesome trade in tusks , by combating poaching and trafficking , and by educating consumers so they no longer buy ivory . Chelsea Clinton wrote last month that elephant poaching had reached alarmingly high levels -- and was an issue with implications for global society . "  This is not just an ecological disaster ; it is an economic and security threat as well , " she said . "  Tourism , a vital source of income for many of the most-affected African countries , is threatened if wildlife preserves are depopulated . "  The overall black market for illegal wildlife trade has become the fourth most lucrative criminal activity internationally , after drugs , counterfeit goods and human trafficking . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and journalist Columbus S. Mavhunga in Harare .	Poachers have used cyanide to kill more than 80 elephants in Zimbabwe , park official says The poachers poisoned natural salt licks in Hwange National Park , official says Environment minister says he will push for tougher penalties for ivory poachers Conservationists say record numbers of elephants are dying to meet soaring demand
CNN  -- Maybe a phone 's not big enough for you and your spouse to cuddle up with on the sofa . Or single folks need to travel light when they 're on the prowl . Whatever the reasons , a new survey suggests that married couples are more likely to own a tablet , while smartphones are more popular with unhitched folks . The Search Agency , a digital marketing company , recently released its 2012 Online User Behavior and Engagement Study  PDF  , created with the help of market research firm Harris Interactive . In it , 49 % of single respondents said they own a smartphone , compared with only 43 % of married people . Meanwhile , 45 % of people who have said "  I do " reported owning a tablet , compared with 36 % of singles . Search Agency Vice President Mike Solomon said that differences in the ages of single and married respondents may have played a bigger role than specific habits . "  For many of the findings , percentages zigzagged between age groups , rather than plotting a consistent bell curve -- indicating how factors such as generational differences , disposable income , and the influence of children on their parents impact results , " Solomon said in a written statement . "  Married people are often older , have more disposable income and can more easily justify superfluous pieces of technology , such as tablets . At the same time , baby boomers are often more tech-literate than their slightly younger counterparts -- likely because their millennial children are pushing them to use new tools and devices . " The survey of 2,006 U.S. adults was conducted online between August 14 and 16 . It provides some other interesting glimpses into what could be called the mobile revolution that has taken over the computing world . For example , 59 % of smartphone owners said they had launched a Web search on their mobile phones when they were sitting within arm 's reach of a desktop or laptop -- a number that jumps to 74 % for younger users , age 18-34 . And 66 % of tablet owners said they 've quickly jumped onto their iPad , Kindle Fire , Nexus 7 or other gadget to get more information about products they see on TV .	Survey : Singles are more likely to own smartphones , couples to have tablets Difference may be because married folks are usually older , more financially secure The survey sampled 2,006 adults in the United States
CNN  -- Penn State University has paid out $ 5.76 million to the estate of Joe Paterno , its heralded head football coach who lost his job as part of a spiraling sex abuse scandal involving one of his former assistants , a school athletic official said Thursday . Jeff Nelson , an assistant athletic director and spokesman for the university , said via e-mail that more than half of the payout -- $ 3 million -- was in the form of a retirement bonus . The school gave Paterno 's estate the balance of his employment contract because his exit as head of the Nittany Lions ' football program was officially considered a retirement , not a termination , according to Nelson . More details will be posted on http://openness.psu.edu , a website set up by the school to provide information about the case . The university 's board of trustees fired Paterno last November because its members thought he failed to take his knowledge of a scandal at the school to the appropriate authorities , the board said in a report posted last month . The controversy revolves around Jerry Sandusky , 68 , a longtime defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions . He faces 52 counts involving sexual acts with 10 boys dating back to 1994 , with prosecutors alleging that some of this illicit behavior occurred in Penn State athletic facilities . Paterno testified to a grand jury that a graduate assistant told him in 2002 that he had seen Sandusky in the showers "  fondling or doing something of a sexual nature to a young boy . " "  While Coach Paterno did his legal duty by reporting that information the next day ... to his immediate superior , the then Penn State Athletic Director Tim Curley , the board reasonably inferred that he did not call police , " said the report explaining Paterno 's firing . "  We determined that his decision to do his minimum legal duty and not to do more to follow up constituted a failure of leadership by Coach Paterno . " Curley and Gary Schultz , a senior vice president at the university , are charged with perjury and failure to report a crime in relation to the investigation -- specifically , the account passed on to them by Paterno . Paterno himself was never charged with a crime . His ouster as coach , hours after he issued a statement saying he 'd retire at the end of the 2011 season , spurred riots by his supporters on the Penn State campus . In his final interview in January , he told the Washington Post that he 'd felt inadequate to deal with the initial allegation of abuse -- saying he "  did n't know exactly how to handle it and ... was afraid to do something that might jeopardize what the university procedure was . " Paterno , 85 , died January 22 at a hospital in State College after battling lung cancer . Just before the scandal erupted , he 'd become the winningest coach in major college football history by leading his teams to 409 victories . In 46 years under his leadership , the Nittany Lions won two national championships , went undefeated five times and finished in the top 25 national rankings 35 times , according to his official Penn State biography . CNN 's Andy Rose contributed to this report .	Penn State trustees ousted Joe Paterno as head football coach last November A report later cited his failure to do more about a sex abuse allegation involving Sandusky His estate got a payout because his ouster was a retirement , not a firing , an official says
A surgeon diagnosed with Ebola in his native Sierra Leone has arrived in the United States , where he will undergo treatment at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha . Dr. Martin Salia , who is a legal permanent resident of the United States , is married to a U.S. citizen , his relatives told CNN Baltimore affiliate WJZ . Shortly after his arrival Saturday afternoon , doctors said his situation was dire . "  He is extremely ill . We have multiple highly-trained specialists who are experts in their fields targeting his most serious medical issues , " said Dr. Phil Smith , medical director of the Biocontainment Unit at Nebraska Medical Center . The Sierra Leone team that was caring for him described him as critically ill , possibly sicker than the first patients successfully treated in the United States . "  My sister is very worried and upset , " his wife 's brother , Ibrahim Kargbo , told CNN , referring to Salia 's wife , Isatu . "  Right now , she is pretty devastated . ... We 're all just praying he recovers soon . " The doctor was splitting his time between New Carrollton , Maryland , and Sierra Leone , where he works at a Methodist hospital . "  He does n't think of himself as someone important , " his son , Maada Salia , told WJZ . "  He puts himself down and helps those who really need help . " Salia treated all sorts of patients at the hospital in Sierra Leone -- one of three countries most affected by the deadly virus . "  The fact that he left here and went back to his country , that made me worry a little bit , especially when he 's a doctor ... because he does n't know who has the virus , " his son said . The evacuation came at the request of his wife , a Maryland resident , who has agreed to reimburse the government for any expense , the U.S. State Department said in a statement . The cost is unknown . Timeline : How the world reacted as Ebola spread Nebraska Medical Center is one of four hospitals in the United States with biocontainment units and years of preparation in handling highly infectious disease such as Ebola . It has successfully treated two American Ebola patients -- Dr. Rick Sacra , who was released in September , and Ashoka Mukpo , a freelance NBC cameraman who was discharged last month . Both contracted the virus in Liberia and were later flown to the United States for treatment . The virus has killed at least 5,177 people mostly in Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea , according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization . Of those , Sierra Leone has reported nearly 1,200 deaths in the outbreak , which started this year . Eight of the previous nine Ebola patients treated in the United States survived . Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan , who was treated in Dallas , died last month . Complete coverage of Ebola	The patient is in "  extremely critical condition , " the medical center says "  This is an hour-by-hour situation , " one doctor says The patient is a surgeon and a Sierra Leone national He also is a legal permanent resident of the United States
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India launched its first lunar mission on Wednesday , with hopes of achieving high-resolution images of the moon 's topography and diving into the international space race . The spacecraft carrying India 's first lunar probe , Chandrayaan-1 , lifts off in Sriharikota on Wednesday . The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 , or "  moon craft " in ancient Sanskrit , came at 6:20 a.m. Wednesday  8:50 p.m. ET  from the Sriharikota space center in southern India . The two-year mission seeks high-resolution imaging of the moon 's surface , especially the permanently shadowed polar regions , according to the Indian Space Research Organization . It will also search for evidence of water or ice and attempt to identify the chemical breakdown of certain lunar rocks , the group said . Despite the numerous missions to the moon over the past 50 years , "  we really do n't have a good map of the moon , " said Miles O'Brien , CNN chief technology and environment correspondent . "  The goal is to come up with a very intricate , three-dimensional map of the moon . " The Chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the United States , European Union countries Germany , Britain , Sweden and Bulgaria , and India plans to share the data from the mission with other programs , including NASA . Watch the launch of India 's first lunar mission " ISRO said on its Web site that the mission would lay the groundwork for future lunar missions and "  probe the physical characteristics of the lunar surface in greater depth than previous missions by other nations . " "  It will also give us a deeper understanding about the planet Earth itself or its origins , " a statement on the Web site said . "  Earlier missions did not come out with a full understanding of the moon and that is the reason scientists are still interested . This will lay the foundation for bigger missions and also open up new possibilities of international networking and support for planetary programs . " Until now , India 's space launches have been more practical , with weather warning satellites and communiations systems , The Associated Press cited former NASA associated administrator Scott Pace as saying . To date , only the U.S. Russia , the European Space Agency , Japan and China have sent missions to the moon , according to AP . Critics of the mission have questioned its $ 80 million price tag , saying the money should have been spent by the government to improve education and fight poverty . But , "  there are scientists that would argue that there are plenty of things we do n't know about the moon ... and India might have the know-how " to find answers , said CNN 's Sara Sidner in New Delhi . The United States and the Soviet Union dominated the field of lunar exploration from the late 1950s . The United States is preparing for its own mission slated for next spring -- the first U.S. lunar mission in more than a decade , according to NASA . Soviet spacecraft were the first to fly by , land on and orbit the moon . Luna 1 , launched on January 2 , 1959 , and sped by the moon two days later . Luna 2 was launched on an impact mission on September 12 , 1959 , striking the surface two days later . Luna 9 launched on January 31 , 1966 , becoming the first craft to successfully land on the moon and send back data , touching down on the surface on January 31 , 1966 , and transmitting until February 3 , 1967 , when its batteries ran out . Luna 10 was launched March 31 , 1966 , entered lunar orbit on April 3 , and operated for 56 days . But the United States ' Apollo missions were the first manned missions to reach the moon , culminating with six missions that set down on the surface . The first , Apollo 11 , left earth on July 16 , 1969 , and landed astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin on the lunar surface on July 20 while command module pilot Michael Collins orbited above . The astronauts returned safely to earth on July 24 . Most recently India 's fellow Asian nations , China and Japan , put lunar orbiters in place . Japan launched the Kaguya orbiter in October 2007 , followed by China 's launch of the Chang ' e mission a few weeks later . Watch what is shaping up to be a new space race " "  Each nation is doing its own thing to drive its research technology for the well-being of that nation , " AP quoted Charles Vick , a space analyst for the Washington think tank GlobalSecurity.org , as saying . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the U.S. , EU and Bulgaria Two-year mission seeks high-resolution , 3-D imaging of the moon 's surface Chandrayaan-1 follows Japan and China 's missions to the moon Chandrayaan means "  moon craft " in ancient Sanskrit
It 's a love song to a creepy , scale-covered mammal that kind of looks like the cross between a dinosaur and a pine cone . And I kinda-sorta love it . It 's "  My pangolin friend -LSB- official music video -RSB- , " uploaded to YouTube by New York songwriter and actor Max Demers . Demers , a 30-year-old waiter and self-described "  starving artist , " made the video in response to my Change the List story on pangolin trafficking in Southeast Asia . The pangolin is thought to be the most trafficked mammal , by numbers , in the world . This unknown underdog is sold illegally and by the ton for its scales , which are used in bogus medicine , and for its meat , which is a super-high-end delicacy in Vietnam and China . Demers read the story and , he told me in an e-mail , decided to write a semi-vulgar love song to this strange animal , which he 'd never heard of before . "  There are a ton of animals out there in dire need of help " he told me , "  but a lot of them have entire armies of activists fighting on their behalf . I loved the idea that I could have a small part  in  drawing some more attention to an animal that has n't gotten enough of it . " Digital doc : Inside the pangolin trade The result is charming and weird and offensive and awesome . The chorus -- which croons , "  please do n't eat myyyyy ... pang-o-lin friend " -- is seriously catchy . Then Demers writes about how the pangolin secretes gross-smelling stuff out of its anal glands -- which is true , sometimes -- and also about how people eat its fetuses to supposedly boost sex drive . So , yeah . It gets a little weird , but it 's for a good cause . In Vietnam and Indonesia , where I went to report the story that inspired this song , the pangolin is both mysterious and valuable . Its scales , which are made of fingernail-type material , are supposed to help women lactate . A group meal of pangolin at a restaurant in Hanoi could run $ 2,000 -- partly because the meat is a status symbol . Related : 7 ways to save the pangolin So I applaud this effort to catch peoples ' attention about a strange and shy little animal that desperately needs all of our help . I also am still just thrilled that so many of you donated a total of $ 17,000 to Education for Nature Vietnam , which is going to make a pangolin-focused PSA to air in that country because of your generosity . Take a look at Demers ' video  as well as this one from that "  honey badger " guy  , and read this lightly edited version of our e-mail convo below . Oh -- and please please do n't eat his pangolin friend . Me : What do you like most about the pangolin ? Guy who makes pangolin music videos in his spare time : I am amazed by so many things about this animal , such as their gentle , almost friendly demeanor  like an ugly-cute version of my cat Sasha  , their crazy long tongues that wreak terror on unsuspecting ant colonies , and their unbelievably versatile tails , used for things like hanging from tree branches and even walking on their hind legs . I 'd have to say my favorite characteristic , though , is its defense mechanism of rolling into a tight ball to ward off predators . While researching , I found this amazing video online of a pangolin that withstood an attack by eight lions by rolling itself up into this tight little ball . After something like three hours , the lions finally gave up and the pangolin just sauntered off into the woods again . Unreal ! Me : How did you get interested in pangolins ? Pangolin guy : I 've always been a lover of all things nature . I grew up spending summers at camp in New England , camping and hiking throughout the White Mountains ; and in 2008 I thru-hiked the Appalachian Trail . I 'm an avid animal lover  presently going strong on my third attempt at vegetarianism !  ; but I am also an actor in New York City , and escaping the urban lifestyle can sometimes feel impossible . Every once in a while , however , an opportunity comes along that allows me to combine the two lifestyles . A few months ago , that was the case when I was hired by maxanimal.com to write a humorous song about an animal to be featured on their website . I had no idea what to write about , so I started reading , a LOT . My friend Blaire Carson , who is featured in the video with me , and a regular host on maxanimal.com , sent me an email with loads of links to articles about animals , including one about a woman who keeps 200 sloths at her house , and another about giant rats . But I was instantly drawn to your article on CNN.com , "  The Most Trafficked Animal You 've Never Heard Of . " It felt important , and the pangolin 's struggle felt desperate . The deciding factor for me was the that I had never heard of the pangolin before . There are a ton of animals out there in dire need of help , but a lot of them have entire armies of activists fighting on their behalf . I loved the idea that I could have a small part  in  drawing some more attention to an animal that has n't gotten enough of it . Me : Tell about how you wrote the song ? Dude who sings about anal glands : This song came surprisingly easy . As per my assignment , the song had to be humorous , which was a little intimidating at first , for two reasons : 1 . Being told to be funny SUCKS , and 2 . The survival of a species is a serious subject , and I did n't want the real issue to be overshadowed by male anatomy references and poop jokes . The turning point was when I thought to write the song as a love letter to the pangolin . Once I embraced that idea , I was able to balance the the dirty jokes with genuine love and concern for this animal , and the punch lines felt somehow more poignant and less offensive . Me : What 's up with the format for the video -- where did you get the idea ? Our resident pangolin enthusiast : The video was shot at a studio in Brooklyn . I went in with the song , and the amazing team at maxanimal.com shot the video . Over the next couple of weeks , their editor , Grannell Knox , edited and sent out rough cuts , and we all weighed in on the best ways to visually entertain people while also preserving the integrity and message of the song . One challenging aspect was that it was nearly impossible to find high definition footage of pangolins that we could use on such a limited budget . Me : Who 's that in the video with you ? Guy from the video : My dear friend Blaire . She is a frequent host on the website , and recommended me to the team when they mentioned adding a musical aspect to the site . Me : What 's your favorite line for the song ? Indecisive songwriter : I feel like I HAVE to give two answers to this question : 1 . "  This little girl 's got a heart of gold , and she 'll love you just as long as she 's alive . " This line is the song . And 2 . "  Please do n't eat my pangolin friend , it 's cheaper to sit hookers on your face . " I love this joke because it 's true ! The amount of money people pay to kill and eat this harmless and beautiful animal is absurd ! And for what ? False promises . You stand as much of a chance of getting an erection by chewing on your fingernails  as getting one from eating a pangolin , which is seen by relatively few people as an aphrodisiac . Me : What do you do when you 're not making semi-vulgar videos about scale-covered mammals ? Possibly offended artiste : I am an actor and a musician . Trained in musical theatre  sic  at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy and The New School in New York , I live the typical starving artist 's life . I wait tables at Ellen 's Stardust Diner to pay the bills ; and when I 'm not serving burgers and fries , I write music , audition and hit the stage any chance I get . Me : Do you write other music ? Marketing-savvy musician : YES ! Please check out my band , Astoria Boulevard , and our album This is Astoria Boulevard , available on iTunes , Spotify , CDBaby , and all that good stuff . I also have more tunes coming soon to YouTube and maxanimal.com .	Max Demers writes a song about the pangolin in response to CNN article Song is a love letter to these scale-covered animals Pangolin is thought to be the most trafficked mammal in the world It 's traded illegally for its scales , which are used in medicine ; and for meat
CNN  Craigslist reports about 80 million ads on its site each month , so even if you have n't met a stranger to buy or sell something online , chances are you know someone who has . The overwhelming majority of transactions go smoothly , but the site has a history of being co-opted by criminals on occasion . A couple from Georgia was traveling to a Craigslist transaction last month when they left their suburban Atlanta home in hopes of buying a 1966 Ford Mustang . They did everything right -- they went together , and they told their family they were going to the transaction . Yet the bodies of Elrey "  Bud " Runion , and his wife , June , were found January 26 , police said . A South Georgia man has been charged with murder in their deaths . In a separate incident Friday , two men in Georgia met a seller to purchase a dog . The seller drew a gun on them in an attempted robbery , but one of the buyers was carrying a handgun and fatally shot the seller , police said . The investigation is ongoing . The recent incidents should remind those engaged in this type of online commerce that it pays to be vigilant . So what can you do to make sure you do n't fall prey to ne'er - do-wells next time you respond to an online ad ? Philip Holloway is a law enforcement adviser and defense attorney with some tips on things you should remember when buying and selling goods online : 10 . Do n't reveal personal information Remember this is a business transaction , so never reveal Social Security numbers , home or business addresses or banking information . 9 . Keep your cell phone close Have a cell phone in your hand during the entire transaction and be ready to call 911 at the first sign of trouble . 8 . Do n't use your personal email Use an anonymous email address to communicate with the buyer or seller . 7 . Disable caller ID Disable caller ID when calling the buyer or seller on the phone . Most cell phone and landline carriers offer this by dialing * 67 before making the outgoing call . 6 . Do n't pay in cash Do not accept cash and do not offer to pay in cash . Use a cashier 's check instead and make it a non-negotiable term of the transaction . 5 . If it 's a high-priced transaction , do it at a bank The higher the price of the item involved , the higher the risk of the transaction . Conduct these transactions at a banking facility so a banking professional can confirm the funds have been delivered successfully . 4 . Always meet during the day Never conduct your transactions at night . 3 . Never meet at home Find a neutral site to meet -- never at your or someone else 's home . 2 . Tell someone Tell a trusted friend or family member what you 're doing and have another trusted friend or family member accompany you to the transaction . 1 . Always meet in a public place Most police departments will be happy to accommodate you , and they are open 24/7 .	A Georgia couple was slain last month as they traveled to make a Craigslist transaction Two men in Georgia were involved in a separate , fatal incident early Friday Law enforcement adviser and defense attorney explains how to stay safe
Washington  CNN  -- Parents who say that a range of preventive vaccines given their young children can cause serious health problems will have their appeal heard by the U.S. Supreme Court . The justices Monday agreed to decide whether drug makers can be sued outside a special judicial forum set up by Congress in 1986 to address specific claims about safety . The so-called vaccine court has handled such disputes and was designed to ensure a reliable , steady supply of the drugs by reducing the threat of lawsuits against pharmaceutical firms . The questions in the latest case are whether such liability claims can proceed , if the vaccine-related injuries could have been avoided by better product design , and if federal officials had approved another , allegedly safer drug . Oral arguments in the dispute will be held in the fall . The lawsuit was brought by the parents of Hannah Bruesewitz , a girl from the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , area . They said she was in fine health as an infant in 1992 when given a series of DPT shots -- a combination of vaccines to prevent diphtheria , pertussis  whooping cough  and tetanus . After the third series , according to court briefs , the child began having seizures and became disabled . Now a teenager , Hannah continues to suffer what is described as "  residual seizure disorder . " The Bruesewitzes alleged Wyeth Laboratories failed to adequately warn them and other parents of the risks associated with the vaccine . The vaccine court rejected the initial claim , so the family tried to revive the lawsuit in the federal courts . Their lawyers said the 24-year-old law does not ban all lawsuits , especially those filed when the harmful side effects were avoidable . A federal appeals court eventually ruled for Wyeth , now owned by Pfizer Inc. , concluding that all design-defect claims were barred under statute . Despite that victory , the company urged the high court to hear the case , saying it seeks final resolution on broader legal questions . The Obama administration also urged review and is supporting the company and the federal law in question . Wyeth and other drug manufacturers say their products are generally safe , but side effects can occur in very rare cases . They also say that the vaccine industry is generally not profitable , but that the health benefits for society in general have kept them in the business . For that , they say , legal protection provided by Congress is essential to ensure such drugs are widely available and affordable . The high court did not act immediately on a another related , pending appeal . The Georgia Supreme Court last year became the first appeals court in the U.S. to allow families to sue outside the special vaccine court . That case involved Atlanta-area parents who said their son Stefan Ferrari suffered severe neurological damage 12 years ago from booster shots , by Wyeth and GlaxoSmithKline , containing the mercury-based preservative thimerosal . Now 12 , the boy is unable to speak , say his parents , Stefano and Carolyn Ferrari . The preservative has since been taken out of nearly all standard vaccines . Despite winning at the state level , the family has since withdrawn its case , but the liability on drug companies resulting from that decision remains in force in Georgia . The National Childhood Vaccine Injury Compensation Act was passed to establish a nationwide strategy to ensure a secure vaccine supply , promote safety and future research , and compensate innocent victims . Those goals were listed at the time as a "  top public health priority . " Lawmakers acknowledged the vaccine supply was suffering under rising company costs from potential liability claims . Despite Food and Drug Administration approval for the vaccines , companies said they were being driven out of the market . The special federal court created under the legislation was a liability shield , designed to be a reliable , relatively quick , no-fault solution to various claims . Unresolved over the years is whether and when certain exceptions to liability should be in play in specific cases . The case accepted is Bruesewitz v. Wyeth  09-152  . The pending case is American Home Products Corp. v. Ferrari  08-1120  .	Latest case involves liability claim , product design , drug safety questions Suit brought by parents of girl who got DPT shots , had seizures , became disabled Parents say drug company did n't adequately warn of risks associated with vaccine Company , Obama administration urged court to hear case ; oral arguments to take place in fall
Orlando , Florida  CNN  Kaka grins as he recalls being mobbed by a boisterous crowd chanting his name at a Florida airport arrivals hall in the early summer of 2014 . "  It was very nice ... a good surprise for me , " he said , wistfully casting his mind back to images of football fans waving flags and hollering his name . The graceful Brazilian midfielder once of Sao Paulo , AC Milan and Real Madrid has become used to such fevered adulation over the years . A glittering decade playing in Europe brought Champions Leagues , Scudettos , La Liga titles and , of course , a devoted following . But it was n't the loyal apostles of Madrid 's Ultras Sur , the Curva Sud Milano or even his compatriots in the unmistakeable yellow of A Selecao with whom he won a World Cup in 2002 that provided the heroes welcome in question . Instead it was a passionate crowd festooned in the less heralded purple and white of Orlando City , one of the newest franchises in Major League Soccer . Only founded in 2010 , the team will make its MLS bow this week . But interest was high that a former Ballon d'Or winner would be coming to play his football in a place more commonly associated with Disney World and Universal Studios . Local news stations carried live pictures of Kaka 's plane touching down . Leaving the airport to officially sign his contract even became a mission in itself , so keen were the Orlando natives to get a glimpse of their first designated signing . "  When I arrived in the airport , this crowd  was  singing the team songs , singing my name . Also  at  my presentation downtown , I was very , very happy , " Kaka said . "  Now , the city is start  ing  to enjoy this moment and everybody 's looking forward to our , first game on March 8 . " Such frenzied devotion in the U.S. , so long resistant to the charms of the world 's most popular sport , may seem strange to fans in Europe and South America , football 's historical and cultural heartlands . The MLS is now approaching its 20th season but has long been pejoratively regarded outside North America as a retirement home for once top-level players -- a plastic , commercially driven product devoid of any real identity offering one last payday before the limbs give out . Aged 32 and no doubt the recipient of a handsome remuneration package , there will be many who question whether Kaka is merely jetting in to boost his bank balance before calling it a day . Relaxed and polite as ever , Kaka himself is having none of this . In all honesty , it 's hard to imagine a man as conscientious and clearly committed to his faith moving anywhere solely for the money . There was once a time when every Kaka goal resulted in a lifting of his jersey to reveal a T-shirt which stated "  Jesus loves you " or "  I belong to Jesus . " These days , the celebration of choice is usually the upward point and grateful look to the heavens . "  In every moment of my life , not just on the field , but also off the field , my faith , Jesus Christ and the bible helped me a lot . "  So every time that I can I do my prayer , I read the bible , go to the church . These things help me a lot to stay in good peace on my mind . " His faith was never more important than as an 18-year-old in Sao Paulo when he suffered a serious neck injury . "  All the doctors said look you are lucky to walk in this moment , so you need to be happy you can walk , " he said . "  And my question was ` but I can play ? ' Everybody said ` we do n't know , we have to wait . ' So , in that moment , the faith helped me a lot . "  God always supported me at every moment and after two months I start to play as a professional player . It was a very important moment of my life . " Talking of moments , Kaka describes how moving to the U.S. was always a long-term ambition . Upon meeting Orlando City majority owner Flavio Augusto da Silva in Brazil a number of years ago , the pair discussed the potential of working together . Moves to LA Galaxy and New York Red Bulls were mooted in the interim but never materialized for various reasons . It was then the Orlando opportunity arose which he was only too happy to take . Kaka points to other high-profile players like Steven Gerrard , Frank Lampard , David Villa and Sebastian Giovinco being attracted to the league as proof of its appeal and progress . "  There 's a lot of good players that could have another team in Europe but they chose to come here . I think it 's a good moment to be in this league . In a few years , we will listen a lot about the MLS , " he said . He might just have a point . The forthcoming MLS season marks the first of a new eight-year TV deal and media rights partnership with ESPN , FOX Sports and Univision . On top of this , average attendance across the league for the 2014 season was the highest in recent MLS history , according to data on the MLS Attendance blog . Yet questions remain over the long-term profitability of some teams . A report from Forbes magazine in late 2013 found only 10 out of 19 MLS franchises were making any money . Critics might also argue that the players mentioned by Kaka are past their very best with the possible exception of the 28-year-old Giovinco . Unsurprisingly , the former FIFA World Player of the Year does n't see it that we way . He reveals he still harbors ambitions of continuing his international career and even making the World Cup in Russia 2018 . Last October saw a surprise recall under returning Brazil manager , Dunga . "  I have a three-year contract with Orlando , and at least these three . In four years , we have another World Cup , " said Kaka , who will be 36 in 2018 . " If I feel good and Brazil needs me  it  will be a good way to stop playing . So I hope I can play another World Cup . " Just mentioning the World Cup in the presence of a Brazilian can be tense after the trauma of last year 's incredible semifinal in Belo Horizonte . The 7-1 home-turf mauling at the hands of eventual winners Germany was variously described in the unforgiving Brazilian press at the time as "  an historic humiliation " and the "  humiliation of all humiliations . " Never before has a Brazilian side looked so inept , so fragile , so lacking in class , flair or bereft of that ephemeral quality known locally as "  joga bonito . " "  That was very hard for us , " said Kaka even though he was n't selected for the tournament . "  That defeat in our country , in the semifinal World Cup it 's very , very difficult . But I think we can use this to change some in the Brazilian football . "  A lot of players play outside  of Brazil  . Most of them play in Europe , but we have to change something organization in the soccer in Brazil . "  For me , the most important thing is the organization and the calendar . It 's a lot of games , so the players ca n't play every game in a good shape . "  The level is a little bit down in this moment . Also , the youth team is not what  we 're  used to being in Brazil , so we need to wake up . " Kaka hopes that many of his compatriots will keep up with the MLS and his career in Orlando now that he 's exhibiting his much admired talents there . "  We have a Facebook page in Brazil , Orlando City Brazil , and a lot of fans  are  enjoying the page . A lot of Brazilians are looking here now , " he said . "  I think this season will be great for us in Brazil . A lot of people will see the Orlando City playing in MLS . " And despite earlier talk of an extended international career and making World Cup 2018 , there really is only one goal at the forefront of his mind . "  My goal is always to win . I hope one day I can win the league with Orlando City , " he said . "  For this year , probably we want to arrive in the playoffs . Let 's put the target a little bit down , but I still have ... this goal that we can win the league one day . "	Kaka gearing up to appear in the MLS for Orlando City Former AC Milan and Real Madrid star keen to resurrect international career 89-times capped star says he wants to play in 2018 World Cup in Russia
CNN  -- Millions of people around the world have taken part in ceremonies marking the 100th anniversary of the Scouting movement . Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society . Dawn celebrations involving 28 million young people took place across the globe , from Ecuador to Bhutan . In southern England , 40,000 young people from around the globe gathered to take part in the largest ever 12-day world Scout Jamboree . The island where the movement was born , Brownsea Island off the coast of England , has been the focus of celebrations , with 300 scouts from more than 160 countries attending a commemorative camp . It was on that site that Scouting founder Robert Baden-Powell held an experimental camp for 20 boys , following his experiences in the Army during the Boer War . The movement requests its members , boys and girls from the age of six , to uphold values such as trustworthiness , loyalty and to "  do their best " . Scouts from countries including the UK , Lebanon , Nepal , Rwanda , Serbia , Libya and Argentina , displayed their flags on the island , before taking part in a sunrise ceremony . In Romania , scouts formed a human chain around the Parliament building in the capital Bucharest to express how young people will play a role in the country 's future . In Namibia , Africa , around 1,000 scouts cooked breakfast over a camp fire , and groups from Malawi camped at the top of Mulanje mountain . The Taj Mahal in India , the Eiffel Tower in Paris and the Sydney Opera House in Australia also witnessed sunrise ceremonies . The small gathering at Brownsea Island led the rest of the globe in renewing their Scouting promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society . A speech written by Baden-Powell during the first scout camp was also read out to the group . It includes a call for peace , comradeship and cooperation over rivalry between "  classes , creeds and countries which have done so much in the past to produce wars and unrest " . Alistair , 16 , from Manchester , at the Brownsea Island ceremony , said : "  It has made me think how one man has changed the world . "  It is one world , one promise . We are all here as peace ambassadors . We are the next generation . We are the ones bringing peace forward into the world , " he told the Press Association . Ana Mejia , 14 , from Honduras , added : "  It does n't matter what our nationality , our religion , our color , we are a family and we have to support each other . Baden-Powell 's book "  Scouting for Boys " is the fourth biggest selling book in the world after the Bible , the Koran and Mao 's Little Red Book . E-mail to a friend	At least 28 million scouts across the world took part in sunrise ceremonies Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society Started by Robert Baden-Powell it upholds values such as trust and loyalty
London  CNN  -- The anti-apartheid message was serious and heartfelt but the song that alerted many around the world to the injustices of the South African regime could not have been more upbeat . "  Free Nelson Mandela " was a Top 10 hit in the United Kingdom for The Special AKA in 1984 , and it instantly became the unofficial anthem and slogan for the international anti-apartheid movement . The song 's eponymous subject rose to prominence in the 1950s as a radical young member of the African National Congress , the main opposition movement to the segregationist South African government . As an advocate of guerrilla attacks , Mandela , who has died aged 95 , was frequently arrested and eventually convicted in 1964 , along with other ANC leaders , for sabotage . He received a life prison sentence , and spent 27 years in a cell , mostly on Robben Island , off the South African coast . While Mandela languished in jail , an anti-apartheid movement slowly developed in the West , starting with sporting sanctions against South Africa and later an artists ' boycott of performances in the country . The composer of "  Free Nelson Mandela , " Jerry Dammers -- the founder of the multiracial English ska-punk band The Specials , later renamed The Special AKA -- admits he knew little about Mandela before he attended an anti-apartheid concert in London in 1983 , which gave him the idea for the song . "  I 'd never actually heard of Nelson Mandela although I knew a lot about the anti-apartheid movement and he was becoming a figurehead for the whole movement , " Dammers told CNN . The keyboardist , who also wrote "  Ghost Town , " the seminal Specials song against the policies of Great Britain 's prime minister at the time , Margaret Thatcher , may not have known much about the imprisoned anti-apartheid figurehead , but his lyrics brought Mandela 's struggle to the attention of a wider audience . Flare and fury : How artists lambasted Margaret Thatcher The song 's relentlessly upbeat feel certainly helped push it up the charts . "  It ends with the thing of ` I 'm begging you ' and then ` I 'm telling you , ' " Dammers said . "  It is a demand but in a positive way , it brought some sort of hope that the situation could be sorted out . " Veteran DJ and broadcaster Paul Gambaccini said the song was effective in educating people about Mandela , whose reputation was low in the West at the time . "  Now we have this sainted vision of Mandela , but at the time Thatcher treated him as a terrorist . So to release a record about someone whom your PM considers a terrorist is quite brave . " The song helped to change perceptions about Mandela , according to Gambaccini , a presenter on leading UK station BBC Radio 2 . "  It did educate people about apartheid an incredible amount , because they certainly were n't going to learn about Mandela from conventional sources . The word on him from on high was very bad , so it was up to musicians to take a leading role in rehabilitating his reputation . " "  Free Nelson Mandela " was also an extremely effective protest song , he added , a view echoed in 2010 by left-leaning current affairs magazine New Statesman , which included it in a list of the top 20 political anthems of all time . " ` Free Nelson Mandela ' was effective for two reasons , " he said . "  It 's a good pop record in that it 's catchy and sounds good . And you immediately know what it 's about , because the first three words are ` Free Nelson Mandela . ' And secondly it had a clear message that the audience agreed with . " And the fact that The Specials were at the time a "  Top 10 band " meant the audience took note . "  If the Specials say it , there must be something to it , " as Gambaccini noted . Four years later , in 1988 , Dammers and the band Simple Minds helped organize the Nelson Mandela 70th Birthday Concert at London 's Wembley Stadium , featuring acts such as Dire Straits , George Michael and Sting . Peter Gabriel played "  Biko " about another anti-apartheid activist , while Steven Van Zandt performed his influential song "  Sun City . " The event was watched by a global television audience of 600 million and is credited with hardening popular opposition internationally to the apartheid regime . Gambaccini is proud of his contribution to the event , for which he was one of the TV presenters . "  The concert was an incredible success , " he said . "  It had the biggest TV audience to date , and put Mandela in Topic A position around the world . But it might never have happened without the song ` Free Nelson Mandela , ' because this inspired some of the artists who appeared at Wembley to be there . " As the impact of the concert rippled around the world , the South African government was secretly holding talks with Mandela . These meetings culminated in his release on February 11 , 1990 . Four years later , he succeeded F.W. de Klerk to become the republic 's first black president . Mandela never forgot the debt he owed to supporters in the United Kingdom . In 1996 he used a speech to both Houses of Parliament in London to give his thanks : "  We take this opportunity once more to pay tribute to the millions of Britons who , through the years , stood up to say : No to apartheid ! " In 2008 , singer Amy Winehouse joined Dammers for the finale to a concert in London 's Hyde Park marking Mandela 's 90th birthday . The song 's message had long since been realized -- and indeed the by-then-frail elder statesman appeared onstage -- but it was received as warmly as ever . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	"  Free Nelson Mandela , " by The Special AKA raised awareness of the jailed ANC figurehead Mandela spent 27 years in prison in apartheid-era South Africa Song 's composer said song had positive message that situation could be resolved It was performed at 1988 concert in London that increased pressure on South Africa
CNN  -- Authorities near Nashville were still searching Tuesday for teenagers who escaped a detention center the night before . Thirty-two teens escaped from the Woodland Hills Youth Development Center late Monday , Tennessee Department of Children 's Services spokesman Rob Johnson said . As of Tuesday , most had either turned themselves in or had been caught on nearby roads , Johnson said . Seven remained at large . "  They could be dangerous . They could be desperate , " he told reporters . The teens left their dorms around 11 p.m. Monday and began running around a large yard at the facility , Johnson said . The yard is surrounded by a fence , and at some point , they discovered a way out under the fence , he said . It 's not known whether the escape was planned or was a spontaneous action , Johnson said .	NEW : Seven escaped teen boys remain at large They could be dangerous . They could be desperate , " an official says Thirty-two teens escaped from a detention center Monday night It is not known if the escape was planned
LONDON , England  CNN  -- What does yours sound like ? New tunes : One of the inventors behind popular game ` Guitar Hero ' , Tod Machover , is now working with robots . It 's a question that could one day be as common as asking what your Facebook profile picture is -- at least if Tod Machover has anything to do with it . The self-described composer/inventor/educator from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's  MIT  Media Lab is working at the leading edge of interactive music -- designing a range of new concepts , including personal operas . Personal operas could one day allow humans to record the details of our lives -- our feelings , relationships , and beliefs -- in our own personalized opera show . Machover told CNN the personal opera is something he would like to see available for everyone in future . "  It 's about what you can pass on for others . If you could make that system available for everybody you can leave your stories , your images behind . Opera has always attracted me as you can tell a whole story with it , " he said . With this concept , instruments can adapt to the way people behave or express themselves , so a person 's personality can be shown through the music and performance of an opera - which would also allow images and other memories to form part of the show . The technology would allow users to leave behind their legacy , he said . Machover 's MIT Media Lab has developed software which drives the project , called "  Hyperscore . " Hyperscore allows the user to make real music using just lines and colors . The user draws in the lines and colors and the notes are automatically made from that , he said . In a new leap incorporating these ideas , Machover has been working on an operatic performance called "  Death and the Powers " which details the life of Simon Powers -- a man he describes as "  a mixture of Walt Disney , Bill Gates and Howard Hughes . " The show debuts at Monaco in September 2009 , and Machover said it should revolutionize the world of opera -- by introducing the personal opera combined with robotic instruments and ` hyperinstruments ' . It also includes the world 's first robotic stage . "  He -LSB- Powers -RSB- wants to leave his memories and relationships behind but he himself wants to be gone . Once he does go , the main character after that is the stage itself , " Machover said . But how does this work ? Machover said there are several aspects , including 16 robotic boxes that can move around on stage by themselves . "  They play the role of a Greek chorus . They will be themselves and they come alive . Some of them come in and out . It 's a visual and musical language which is n't anthropomorphic . " "  The chandelier is also a robotic instrument . It has strings and these are played by little mechanical fingers that pluck the strings . You can send acoustic signals to it as well , " Machover said . Amazing as it is , this is only one strand of Machover 's remarkable work . "  Hyperinstruments " are about making instruments that respond in new ways to those playing them . Machover has also been able to alter how each instrument can be controlled . "  I started imagining sounds that I just could n't make from traditional instruments , " he said . "  With a computer we can build any instrument you can imagine . For example with a ` hypercello ' we can make it so that if you flick your wrist the whole tonality changes about it . "  And the relationship between what instructions you give the instrument and what result you get at the other end does n't have to be the same . You can make the instrument very much like an existing instrument or you can make it very different . If you are making a hyperinstrument for a five-year-old then you want to make it very easy to tap and play , " he said . Machover is undoubtedly passionate about making the musical experience accessible to everyone , and it was work from his MIT Media Lab which brought about the blockbuster video game "  Guitar Hero . " He believes that type of interfacing can soon be developed further . "  What would happen if you had such experiences where you could actually learn how to play the guitar ? I think that 's something we are going to see fairly soon , " Machover said . Machover is also interested in a new type of collaboration between the people making music and the people listening which he says appears to be already beginning . He cites the example of the band Radiohead , which offered for sale all of the individual tracks for one of its songs to encourage listeners to create their own version . "  It would be excellent if somebody got interested in this side of music and then got some feedback , or if Radiohead now and then got ideas back that blew them away . I think that kind of thing is possible . " Just when you think Tod Machover has exhausted every musical concept you could think of , he admits he 's plotting another . Given that he lives on a farm , it 's no surprise Machover would like to use some of his concepts to explore the musical abilities of animals . "  We have believed for a long time that humans are the only musicians . It 's beginning to look more and more likely that this is n't true . We have only scratched the surface as to what musical creatures are around , " Machover told CNN . He firmly believes that animals will have a lot to offer the musical world . "  Before I die I would like to do an animal piece . It will be a way of seeing what animals are really doing . " Lisa Botter also contributed to this report	Tod Machover is working to improve musical experiences for everyone Machover 's team at the MIT Media Lab were behind popular game "  Guitar Hero " Personal operas could offer a way for everyone to leave behind their legacy Machover also sees music as a form of therapy for physically and mentally ill
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British government is buying 10,000 Taser stun guns for police officers across England and Wales , Britain 's Home Office said Monday . British police officers use a Taser gun to tackle a mock suspect in a training exercise . The move will expand the ranks of officers carrying the weapons from "  select firearms squads " to "  thousands of trained frontline officers , " according to the Home Office , which is responsible for domestic policing . Home Secretary  Interior Minister  Jacqui Smith said police "  deserve our support , so I want to give the police the tools they tell me they need to confront dangerous people . That is why I am giving the police 10,000 Tasers . " The guns fire barbed darts charged with enough electricity to stun a person , the Home Office said . But Amnesty International UK described them as "  potentially lethal electrical weapons " that deliver "  50,000 volts of electricity into a person 's body . The result is excruciatingly painful , causing a person to fall to the ground and , at times , lose control of their bodily functions . " The human rights group , however , expressed qualified support for the British government move , urging that the weapons be given only to officers specially trained to use them . "  We do n't actually oppose the use of Tasers as long as it 's by a limited number of highly trained specialist officers , responding to genuinely life-threatening or very dangerous situations , " said Oliver Sprague , the organization 's arms program director . But , he added : "  Tasers are potentially lethal weapons which are already linked to numerous deaths in North America and that 's why wide deployment without adequate training is a dangerous step too far for British policing . " "  The home secretary should urgently review this decision and ensure that Tasers only end up in the hands of a small number of fully trained officers capable of making the potentially fatal decision over whether to fire 50,000 volts into a person 's body . " Amnesty says more than 300 people have died after being shot with Tasers since 2001 . The decision to introduce Tasers across England and Wales follows what the government called a successful pilot program with officers from 10 police forces , including London 's Metropolitan Police and forces responsible for Liverpool and Bristol . The test ran for 12 months from September 2007 with constables who had not previously carried firearms , a Home Office spokesman said . Before the pilot program , approximately 6,000 specially trained firearms officers across the country had access to Tasers starting in 2004 . Most British police officers do not carry any kind of firearm , Home Secretary Smith emphasized in her statement , a fact she said she was proud of .	Police officers across England and Wales to armed with Taser stun guns Guns fire barbed darts charged with enough electricity to stun a person Decision to roll out Tasers across England and Wales follows pilot program Human rights group criticizes plan to use "  potentially lethal electrical weapons "
Boston  CNN  Guilty across the board . But will he face death ? After deliberating for 11 1/2 hours , jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial . Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . The trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether Tsarnaev , 21 , will be executed . A look at all of the charges Jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history , as well as his relative youth . Tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing . The start date of the penalty phase has not yet been set . Since testimony began March 4 , federal prosecutors have called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . It seemed a mismatch from the start . "  He was there , " Tsarnaev 's defense attorney Judy Clarke conceded as the trial opened , but many say the defense strategy always had been to focus on persuading the jury to spare Tsarnaev 's life . Tsarnaev lawyer keeps hated criminals off death row Clarke tried to convince jurors that her client 's older brother , 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who died in a shootout with police days after the terror attack , was the instigator of the marathon plot . The younger man , Clarke said , was only following his older brother . After the verdict , CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said Clarke now faces an uphill battle . "  Because No. 1 , he  Tsarnaev  is almost functioning as an officer of a military organization attacking the United States -- the claim of course that he 's an Islamic radical and that this is almost an army-like attack on civilians . "  And the second thing -- it was so well planned and so callously planned so that civilians would die , so that children would be maimed . And all of this , she has to get around and convince the jury he 's not worthy of the death penalty . "  Boy , she 's climbing the Mount Everest of death penalty cases in this case , " Callan said about Clarke . Survivors react to the verdict Ann O'Neill reported from Boston . Dana Ford reported from Atlanta .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced Seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty
Dallas  CNN  -- Wildfires that have raged through parts of Texas have killed a second firefighter . Elias Jaquez , 49 , died Wednesday , 11 days after getting trapped in a fire and suffering burns , Cactus City Manager Steve Schmidt-Witcher said Thursday . "  We 're a very small , tight-knit community . Everybody knew Elias , knew his family , " Schmidt-Witcher said . "  It 's having a definite impact . " Firefighter Greg Simmons died last Friday trying to extinguish the East Sidwynicks fire in Eastland County . Numerous firefighters have been injured , some seriously . Thousands of firefighters have been battling the blazes that have scorched more than a million acres in Texas since April 6 . Dry , windy conditions remained in parts of Texas on Thursday , though in some areas , cooler temperatures and rain aided firefighters . "  We 've been given a break in the weather , " said April Saginor , spokeswoman for the Texas Forest Service . "  Humidity is up and temperatures are down . " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said thunderstorms are expected in the region this weekend , but they will drop little rain and the lightning could spark further wildfires . West Texas averages nearly 15 inches of rain a year , according to David Hennig , a meteorologist in Midland , Texas . Over the past six months , just 13-hundredths of an inch of rain have been recorded in that part of the state . While October through March is typically the dry season , that amount of rainfall is far below what it should be , Hennig said . Palo Pinto County Sheriff Ira Mercer predicted the fires will long be remembered . "  This is an event that 's going to mark time in our county 's history , " he said . "  It 's something that 's going to change forever the looks and the community itself . It will be life before the fire and life after the fire , it 's that big a deal . " On Thursday , Gov. Rick Perry declared Friday through Sunday as Days of Prayer for Rain . He urged "  Texans of all faiths and religious traditions " to pray for "  an end to this ongoing drought and these devastating wildfires , " as well as the safety of firefighters , said a news release from his office . The tinder-dry landscape has provided no shortage of fuel : On Thursday , the Texas Forest Service responded to seven new fires across 159 acres ; Wednesday 's four new fires covered more than 1,000 acres ; Tuesday ; s 10 new fires totaled more than 2,000 acres . Since January 1 , the Texas Forest Service said , it has responded to more than 800 fires that have damaged some 5,000 structures across 1.4 million acres . The state has seen fires in 252 of its 254 counties since December 21 , 2010 . In addition to in-state crews , the Texas Forest Service is directing the efforts of more than 1,900 firefighters from 36 states . That figure does not include volunteer fire department responders . Schmidt-Witcher with the city of Cactus said he has lived in Moore County for 16 years and never seen fires this bad . Jaquez was among the personnel fighting a brush fire south of Dumas on April 9 when two fire trucks got stuck . The four firefighters abandoned their trucks and tried to run from the fire . Three suffered smoke inhalation . Jaquez was unable to get away and was burned . He was taken to a burn unit in Lubbock , Texas , but died Wednesday , leaving a wife and four daughters . Flags were flown at half-staff , Schmidt-Witcher said . CNNRadio 's Thomas Andres and CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It will be life before the fire and life after the fire , it 's that big a deal " "  We 've been given a break in the weather , " Texas official says Elias Jaquez , 49 , is killed trying to fight a brush fire , becoming the second fatality More than a million acres have burned in Texas since April 6
NEW YORK  Reuters  -- PepsiCo Inc. will spell out that its Aquafina bottled water is made with tap water , a concession to the growing environmental and political opposition to the bottled water industry . According to Corporate Accountability International , a U.S. watchdog group , the world 's No. 2 beverage company will include the words "  Public Water Source " on Aquafina labels . Pepsi 's Aquafina bottled water and Coca-Cola 's Dasani are made from purified tap water . "  If this helps clarify the fact that the water originates from public sources , then it 's a reasonable thing to do , " said Michelle Naughton , a Pepsi-Cola North America spokeswoman . Pepsi Chief Executive Indra Nooyi told Reuters earlier this week the company was considering such a move . Pepsi 's Aquafina and Coca-Cola Co 's Dasani are both made from purified water sourced from public reservoirs , as opposed to Danone 's Evian or Nestle 's Poland Spring , so-called "  spring waters , " shipped from specific locations the companies say have notably clean water . Coca-Cola Co. told Reuters it will start posting online information about the quality control testing it performs on Dasani by the end of summer or early fall . "  Concerns about the bottled-water industry , and increasing corporate control of water , are growing across the country , " said Gigi Kellett , director of the "  Think Outside the Bottle " campaign , which aims to encourage people to drink tap water . San Francisco 's mayor banned city employees from using city funds to buy bottled water when tap water is available . Ann Arbor , Michigan passed a resolution banning commercially bottled water at city events and Salt Lake City , Utah asked department heads to eliminate bottled water . Critics charge the bottled water industry adds plastic to landfills , uses too much energy by producing and shipping bottles across the world and undermines confidence in the safety and cleanliness of public water supplies , all while much of the world 's population is without access to clean water . But industry observers said such opposition is unlikely to drain U.S. sales of bottled water , which reached 2.6 billion cases in 2006 , according to Beverage Digest . The industry newsletter estimated that U.S. consumers spent about $ 15 billion on bottled water last year . "  Consumers have an affection for bottled water . It 's not an issue of taste or health , it 's about convenience , " the newsletter 's publisher , John Sicher , said . "  Try walking up  New York City 's  Third Avenue on a hot day and getting a glass of tap water . " Dave Kolpak , a portfolio manager at Victory Capital Management , said the environmental objections will have little impact on the bottom line for either Pepsi or Coke , though he admitted it could slow the market 's growth rate . "  Pepsi and Coke do not make a lot of profit " on bottled water , said Kolpak , adding that people may talk about the issue , but will likely continue buying some bottled water . Victory Capital owns about 3 million shares of PepsiCo among its $ 62 billion under management . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	New Aquafina labels will show that bottled water made with tap water Maker Pepsi says it 's reasonable to say where water comes from Critics of bottled water say containers are wasteful Many buyers say bottled water is more convenient
CNN  -- Darren Tuck , the man who gave police a tape depicting the rape of a 3-year-old girl , turned himself in Sunday to Nye County , Nevada , authorities . Darren Tuck turned himself in to authorities Sunday . He earlier gave police the tape of the girl . Tuck had recently given police the videotape , saying he found it in the desert , Sheriff Tony De Meo said . Police said he had the tape for at least five months before turning it in . He was being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support , but police -- who have said they want to question him further -- had been unable to locate him . Tuck , of Nevada , allegedly showed the tape to others , and faces between 10 years to life in prison for exhibiting pornography and one to six years for possession of child pornography , said De Meo . Tuck 's attorney Harry Kuehn said last week on CNN 's "  Nancy Grace " that Tuck had been "  wracked by indecision " as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . "  You have to consider what kind of concerns my client had , " the attorney said . "  He 's previously dealt with the sheriff 's office in Nye County ; it was previously unsatisfactory . " The four-year-old videotape shows the 3-year-old girl being raped in Las Vegas , Nevada . Last week , she was found safe . Now seven , the girl was found Friday with family in Las Vegas after thousands of tips poured in to police , thanks to an appeal by police to the news media to show the girl 's picture . CNN and other news organizations did so until the child was found , and De Meo asked media to stop showing the picture . "  The mother has cooperated with us , " De Meo said . "  We believe that the mother was not aware of anything that went on with this young girl . It was very sad for her to find this out . " Authorities have identified Chester A. Stiles , 37 , as the suspect in the tape . A resident of Pahrump , Nevada , he remains at-large , De Meo said . Pahrump is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas . Stiles was a distant friend of the girl 's family , De Meo said . Someone close to Stiles told investigators Stiles is a "  survivalist type " and always carries a weapon , Nye County District Attorney Bob Beckett said . Todd Allen , a Las Vegas resident , told CNN he once lived with the girl from the video and her mother . He said he recognizes his old apartment from scenes in the video . He said he knows the suspect because Allen 's mother dated Stiles and the couple spent time together at Allen 's apartment . Watch Allen describe Stiles and the girl " Allen said nobody realized the child had been abused . "  She 's what you 'd expect a little girl in elementary school to be like , " he said . "  You would never know something like that happened . Ever . " Allen said he never witnessed Stiles physically assault anyone . "  But I have seen him verbally and mentally assault many people , " Allen told CNN . "  He 's good with mind games . He 's good at twisting people 's realities and manipulating people . " De Meo addressed Stiles directly on Saturday : "  Turn yourself in to your local law enforcement agency , " he said . "  Understand this : Law enforcement not only has a long arm , but a long memory . You will not be forgotten by members of this agency or any other law enforcement agency . " The FBI is also seeking Stiles on state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14 in a separate matter , De Meo said . E-mail to a friend	Darren Tuck gave police tape depicting the rape of a 3-year-old girl , police say Tuck said he found the tape in the desert ; he showed it to others , police say Tuck was being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support Police are still seeking another suspect related to the videotape
CNN  -- Deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya will not be reinstated as head of state , an overwhelming majority of the Honduran congress voted Wednesday . In an hours-long process , 111 lawmakers voted in favor of a motion not to return Zelaya to office . A majority of 65 votes in the 128-member body was required to reject his reinstatement . Zelaya was removed from office in a military-led coup on June 28 and replaced by congressional leader Roberto Micheletti . On Wednesday , lawmakers voted one by one and addressed the chamber as they cast their vote , making for a slow process . The vote was a key part of a U.S.-brokered pact that representatives for Zelaya and Micheletti signed October 29 , giving Congress the power to decide Zelaya 's fate . The United States expressed disappointment Thursday over the latest rebuff to its diplomatic efforts to end the political crisis in Honduras . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Arturo Valenzuela continued to call on the Honduran government to allow Zelaya 's return and to create a unity government in the interim period before the new president takes office next month . "  We are disappointed by this decision since the United States had hoped the -LSB- Honduran -RSB- Congress would have approved his return , " Valenzuela said in a conference call with journalists in Washington . "  Our policy since June 28 has been consistently principled . It has condemned the coup d'etat and continued to accept President Zelaya as the democratically elected and legitimate leader of Honduras throughout this political crisis . " The United States continues to call for Honduras to engage in national reconciliation and creation of a truth commission to investigate the crisis , in addition to the unity government . "  The absence of democratic , constitutional order is the unacceptable status quo , " a senior U.S. administration official said on the conference call , remaining anonymous under the ground rules of the call and because of the sensitivity of the situation . "  The election is a step toward a day where Honduras will have an electorally legitimate government in place . " Zelaya , who says he does not recognize the election , also has said he would not accept the post even if Congress voted him back in . Accepting the job , he said , would legitimize the coup . Many nations said before the Sunday 's election they would withhold recognition if Zelaya were not returned to power . Some countries , such as the United States , Colombia and Costa Rica , have said they will recognize Lobo . Others , such as Argentina , Brazil and Spain , have said they will not . Despite the diplomatic pressure from abroad , lawmakers were voting the will of the people , Congressman Juan Angel Rivera Tabora said . "  History will judge us , and I 'm certain it will judge us positively , " he said . "  Congress did n't make this problem . The problem came to us . " Those voting against Zelaya echoed those sentiments . After the coup , the same body voted to install Micheletti as interim president . Wednesday vote only happened because the agreement between the two sides called for it , many lawmakers repeated . Zelaya 's supporters argued that the coup was an illegal act that only restitution could heal . Congress sought opinions from the nation 's Supreme Court and other bodies before holding the vote . The court ruled last week that Zelaya can not return to office without facing trial on charges that he acted unconstitutionally when he tried to hold a vote that could have led to the removal of presidential term limits . The Supreme Court ruled before the coup that the vote was illegal and Congress had forbidden it . The coup came on the day the term-limits vote was to have been held . Micheletti and his supporters have insisted that Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power , not a coup . But the United Nations , the Organization of American States , the European Union and most nations -- including the United States -- condemned the coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated immediately . He was n't . Zelaya , who was flown out of the country while still in his pajamas on the day of the coup , has been staying at the Brazilian Embassy in Honduras ' capital since secretly returning to the country September 21 .	111 of 128 lawmakers vote against reinstating ousted leader Jose Manuel Zelaya Vote part of U.S.-brokered pact between Zelaya , de facto President Roberto Micheletti Zelaya was removed as president in June 28 military-backed coup Hondurans elected a new president , Porfirio Lobo Sosa , on Sunday
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japan will lobby a dozen members of the International Whaling Commission at a meeting Monday to support its much-criticized Antarctic whaling program -- just three days before all members of the commission meet in London to discuss reaching an agreement on whale conservation rules . Japan 's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales a year . Japan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the nation 's fisheries agency will make their case to officials from Angola , Eritrea , Congo , Guinea , Ghana , Malawi , Tanzania , Palau , Micronesia , Cambodia , Laos and Vanuatu , a government spokesperson said . Several of the countries are new to the 78-member whaling commission . Two months ago , Japan "  temporarily halted " its plan for a humpback whale hunt in the seas near Antarctica as what it said was a gesture to enhance the dialogue at the International Whaling Commission , which remains torn over whaling . Japan , which says it is conducting the hunt as part of scientific research , believes the practice is environmentally and scientifically sound . The country 's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales a year -- the fisheries agency insists it wants "  sustainable whaling . " However , many in the international community -- particularly Australia -- believe that such hunts amount to needless slaughter . Critics believe that calling it research is just a pretext for retrieving whale meat to be sold in markets and restaurants . Greenpeace spokesman Junichi Sato told CNN that Monday 's meeting is nothing more than Japan "  wining and dining its way to win votes . "	Japan will lobby IWC members to support its Antarctic whaling program Move ahead of IWC meeting on reaching agreement on whale conservation rules Japan claims it is conducting the hunt as part of scientific research Many in international community believe such hunts amount to needless slaughter
CNN  -- President Obama recently encouraged Americans to "  take about 10 minutes to answer 10 questions " and fill out their 2010 census form . This year 's questionnaire is one of the shortest in history , but the results of the survey have long-term effects . The census , taken every 10 years , is used to determine how to allocate more than $ 400 billion in federal funds and seats House of Representatives and determine the boundaries of representatives ' districts . "  There is no representative democracy without it . It 's the scientific , nonpartisan , apolitical starting point of what eventually becomes a quite partisan , political process , " said Kenneth Prewitt , a professor at Columbia 's School of International and Public Affairs and the former director of the United States Census Bureau . The House is made up of 435 congressional seats that represent relatively equal slices of the population . When data from the census show a shift in population , seats in the House get reassigned . Some states might pick up a seat or two , while others are forced to combine two districts into one . The process of apportioning seats is straightforward , but redistricting is much more complicated . Districts are supposed to be redrawn to reflect population changes and to make sure there is equal representation in the House . State legislators and governors typically draw the districts , but some states rely on restricting committees . Districts can affect the balance of power in the House and representation in the state legislature . "  People try to do things that are to their political advantage if they happen to be in power because maybe the next time the census comes out , the other party will be in power , " said William Frey , a demographer and senior fellow with the Brookings Institution . Lawmakers have been accused of carving district lines around the constituents that will give their party an advantage and secure political gains . The process is known as gerrymandering , a term coined after Massachusetts Gov. Elbridge Gerry . Elected in 1810 , he signed an obscure redistricting bill that enabled greater and perhaps disproportionate Republican representation in the Massachusetts legislature . Related : Who was Elbridge Gerry ? Critics say gerrymandering gives those in power an unfair advantage and can dilute the power of minority groups . The Supreme Court in 2006 took up a case looking at a redistricting plan promoted by then-U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay , R-Texas . After the 2000 census , a state court redrew the Texas map with input from state lawmakers . But after Republicans gained control of the legislature in 2002 , DeLay promoted a second redistricting proposal for congressional boundaries . The Texas legislature adopted the plan in 2003 after three contentious special sessions called by Republican Gov. Rick Perry . The legislative plan led to the 2004 ouster of four Democratic incumbents from Congress and sparked a bitter partisan battle . The court ruled that the redistricting plan unfairly weakened the voting strength of Latinos in two congressional districts and tossed out a portion of the congressional map , but found the overall redistricting plan engineered by state Republicans acceptable . Prewitt said the redrawing of lines to the benefit of one party or the neglect of other is just a part of the political process . "  The production of the statistics has got to be nonpolitical ... but the use of the statistics can be as political as the country wants it to be , " he said . "  I expect people to try to take advantage of situations to advance their political goals , interests , values -- so it 's healthy . Now , do I think overtime creating districts so incumbents are always re-elected is the healthiest way to have a democracy ? No , " Prewitt said , adding that it 's up to the voters to decide whether they want to throw someone out of office . The more pressing issue for Prewitt is making sure everyone is counted because he said those who are n't counted will be treated unfairly in the political process and in the allocation of economic benefits . With more than 300 million people in the United States , it can be difficult to make sure than everyone is counted . Frey said calculating the homeless population and the population of those who do not speak English can be particularly challenging . Illegal immigrants , for example , sometimes opt not to turn in census forms for fear of legal ramifications . Those fears , however , are unwarranted because the information is confidential . "  The challenge that they have is a cost challenge , " said Frey . The Census Bureau has to follow up with those who do n't send in their forms with additional forms , telephone calls and even in-person visits -- and that adds up , he said . This year 's census is projected to cost more than $ 14 billion . Prewitt said it 's comparatively easy to count the first 75 to 85 percent , but the last 2 to 3 percent is "  really , really tough going . " As the census gets underway , Prewitt said trying to count everyone , as mandated by the Constitution , should be the top concern . "  I 'm much more concerned about trying to have a fair census than I am about some drawing of odd lines after the census is over , " he said . CNN 's David Ariosto and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	2010 census determines number of congressional districts per state If the number of districts a state has changes , lines must be redrawn Lawmakers have been accused of drawing districts in order to create political gains Top concern should be counting everyone , former Census Bureau director says
CNN  -- Marcel Hirscher continued his red-hot streak with a stunning victory at the Moscow parallel slalom Tuesday . The Austrian consolidated his lead at the top of the overall World Cup standings after overcoming Sweden 's Andre Myhrer in the men 's two-leg final . Hirscher , who also won at Kitzbuhel on Sunday , is now 214 points ahead of Norwegian rival Aksel Lund Svindal in the overall standings , and has all but assured himself victory in the race for the slalom 's crystal globe . Hirscher turns it on for the Terminator It was the second city event of the World Cup season , which is based in the mountain resorts of Europe and North America , and Hirscher made amends for being beaten by Felix Neureuther in Munich on New Year 's Day . "  All in all I was ahead by less than half a second , " Hirscher told reporters . "  It 's very tough to win each race against so many great racers , but I was lucky today . The weather is cold and today there were almost perfect conditions for this competition . "  It was a good race for me but if some more spectators were to come to watch the race next year it would be really great for us . " The win was Hirscher 's sixth of the season and 18th of his career , a feat which is certain to give him a huge lift going into the World Championships at Schladming , Austria , which start on February 4 . "  It 's a totally different event than what we normally ski , " Hirscher said of the Moscow race , for which big ramps are constructed . "  If I had to compare it with my victory in Kitzbuhel , it might be less difficult to win in an event where there are 16 opposed to over 60 skiers , plus there was so much pressure on me for that victory which I was missing from Kitzbuhel . "  But , here you only have one chance to give 100 % , things are so tight that unless you step up your game from heat to heat -- you are out ! " Svindal sets the Alpine speed standard Meanwhile , Germany 's Lena Duerr won the women 's slalom after edging past Slovakia 's Veronika Velez-Zuzulova . "  I tried to keep myself focused during my every single race tonight and it paid off as I managed to win the event , " Duerr told reporters . "  I 'm really happy with my performance here . " Slovenia 's Tina Maze , who leads the World Cups standings , suffered a surprise defeat in the quarterfinal by Switzerland 's Wendy Holdener .	Marcel Hirscher wins Moscow parallel slalom in season 's second city event Austrian leads Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal by 214 points in World Cup standings Germany 's Lena Duerr triumphs in women 's event
Manchester City 's designs on the English Premier League title were dealt an early blow as an injury time penalty from Darren Bent handed Sunderland a shock 1-0 win . It was Roberto Mancini 's first defeat of the season but his team should have escaped with at least a point after a glaring miss by Argentina striker Carlos Tevez . City dominated the early stages but when Yaya Toure powered into the penalty area and pulled the ball back for Tevez , the striker somehow managed to miss an open goal . Sunderland keeper Simon Mignolet then pulled off a smart save to deny Toure just before the break but the home side came into the game in the second period . Mignolet was again forced into action in the closing stages by striker Emmanuel Adebayor , as he made a superb reaction save . Then as the game entered the fourth minute of added on time Micah Richards hauled down Bent inside the penalty area . The striker picked himself up and converted the spot kick . At Anfield , a Fernando Torres goal gave Liverpool a 1-0 win over newly-promoted West Brom as they bounced back from their thrashing at City last Monday . The Spain striker volleyed home the winner just after the hour mark after good work down the left from Dirk Kuyt to hand new coach Roy Hodgson his first league win . Everton are still searching for their first win of the season after they went down 1-0 at Aston Villa . Defender Luke Young grabbed the only goal of the game in the ninth minute as he fired home from Ashley Young 's pass . Everton dominated the game after they went behind but could n't find a way past veteran American goalkeeper Brad Friedel , who made a string of excellent saves . In Sunday 's early game , Bolton fought back from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Birmingham despite having their goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen sent off . Alex McLeish 's side took an early lead when defender Roger Johnson stabbed home Lee Bowyer 's left wing cross after just four minutes . Then after Johnson had gone up for a high ball with Jaaskelainen after the half hour mark , the goalkeeper slapped him in the face and received his marching orders . Birmingham went further ahead when striker Cameron Jerome nodded a cross into the path of Craig Gardner and the midfielder poked home at the second attempt . But Bolton halved the deficit when Kevin Davies was fouled by Gary Cahill inside the penalty area and converted the resulting spot kick . Their comeback was completed by Robbie Blake 's spectacular free kick in the 81st minute and though Jerome had a late chance to win the game , substitute keeper Adam Bogdan ensured Bolton escaped with a point .	Sunderland beat Manchester City 1-0 at the Stadium of Light Darren Bent scores the only goal of the game in the 94th minute Liverpool beat West Brom 1-0 thanks to a Fernando Torres goal Aston Villa beat Everton 1-0 while Bolton and Birmingham draw 2-2
CNN  -- The boyfriend of a missing Arizona woman is being held without bond on fraud and other charges while police seek additional information into his girlfriend 's disappearance , Chandler police said Tuesday . Jamie Laiaddee went missing from the home she shares with her boyfriend in the early morning hours of March 18 , police said . At first , friends and family did n't think too much about the lapse in communication with their loved one -- the 32-year-old Laiaddee usually got in touch with them every few weeks and it was not uncommon for her to go months without calling her parents , according to Chandler police spokesman Sgt. Joe Favazzo . It was n't until 10 weeks later , on May 28 , that Laiaddee 's father officially reported her missing to police after learning of his daughter 's disappearance from her boyfriend of three years -- identified by Chandler police and friends as Bryan Stewart . Upon searching the couple 's home , authorities found Laiaddee 's car , purse , keys and other personal effects . As part of their investigation , authorities also discovered that Stewart had been living under a false name for the past eight years . His real name is Rick Wayne Valentini and he is 41 , Favazzo said . Court documents refer to Valentini by his assumed name . Stewart was apprehended by police at a Scottsdale apartment after investigators learned he had an outstanding traffic-related arrest warrant . When he was found , he was "  in possession of a vehicle owned by Jamie , " according to police . Stewart , who police said is the last person to see Laiaddee , told investigators that he and Laiaddee had an argument on March 17 and broke up after she told him she was taking a new job in Denver , Colorado , Favazzo said . "  At this point we have no evidence whatsoever to indicate Jamie " planned to leave , "  and certainly not to Colorado , " Favazzo said . Police said Stewart had been driving Laiaddee 's car and using her credit cards in the weeks after her disappearance . He is being held without bond in the Maricopa County jail on charges of credit card fraud , theft of credit cards , probation violation , identity theft , weapons violations and an outstanding warrant , according to police . "  Investigators are now focusing on Stewart/Valentini as a person of interest in the disappearance of Jamie Laiaddee , " according to a Chandler Police Department news release about the case . Favazzo said Tuesday that police "  do n't believe Jamie just dropped off the grid . " "  We suspect foul play at this point and we fear that she could be dead , " he said , adding that authorities are imploring the public for any leads to Laiaddee 's whereabouts . Friends of Laiaddee 's who have set up a Facebook page to raise awareness about her disappearance describe the 1999 University of Michigan graduate as "  bubbly , " "  outgoing " and "  fiercely loyal . " "  We are devastated by the news , " friend Sheila Dubs told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " on Tuesday . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Jamie Laiaddee last seen March 18 Disappearance not reported for 10 weeks Boyfriend found driving Laiaddee 's car , using her credit cards , police say "  We fear that she could be dead , " police spokesman says
EW.com  -- What 's happening to "  Modern Family ? " Earlier this season , the acclaimed ABC series was the highest-rated comedy on TV . But CBS ' Thursday king "  The Big Bang Theory " has since climbed to top the weekly chart hitting recent season highs , and Modern Family has slipped to No. 2 and relinquished its crown . Last night 's episode marks a season low for the show , down 10 percent to 10.1 million viewers and a 3.8 adults 18-49 rating . What 's behind the slippage ? Well , its ABC neighbors sure do n't help much  or rather , its "  Neighbors "  . And "  Modern Family " now has to contend with Fox 's "  American Idol , " which has likely had an impact the past few weeks  one analyst noted that Modern Family tends to hit its low point around this time of year  . Of course , "  Big Bang " airs at 8 p.m. so it does n't even have a lead-in , also faces "  Idol , " plus is an older show . Thor 's hammer ? Scientist estimates weight Perhaps it 's that "  Modern Family " is rather ambitious and creatively complex with a large cast that seeks to work as a comedy with tinges of deeply heartfelt drama â $ " pulling all that off week after week is huge juggling act . The rest of ABC 's lineup had mixed results . "  The Middle " was down 8 percent . "  The Neighbors " was up 13 percent and "  Suburgatory " went up 17 percent  thanks to Modern Family not running a repeat this week  . Kristen Stewart sizes up ` Big Shoe ' role On CBS , "  Criminal Minds " tied its series low ; "  CSI " dropped 8 percent despite airing its well-promoted "  CSI : NY " cross-over episode . Fox 's "  Idol " led the night yet fell 16 percent for the start of Hollywood Rounds . NBC was largely down about 10 percent except "  Guys With Kids " which fluxed up a tenth . On The CW , "  Arrow " rose a notch and "  Supernatural " was flat . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Last night 's episode marks a season low for "  Modern Family " Earlier this season , ABC 's "  Modern Family " was the highest-rated comedy on TV CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory " has been hitting recent season highs
CNN  -- Hundreds of mourners remembered fallen Windermere , Florida , police officer Robert German on Thursday in a moving tribute that elicited both laughter and tears . German , 31 , was fatally shot on duty Saturday by two teens who had run away from home , police said . It appears the teenagers later turned the gun on themselves . German 's death has profoundly affected the small town , where he was employed as a police officer for five years . Just west of Orlando , Windermere is known for its luxurious homes and close-knit residents . German was one of only 12 full-time officers in the town with about 2,500 people . He left behind parents Tim and Deborah German as well as twin sisters . "  Debbie and I have been complimented routinely this week by many on what a great job we as parents did in raising Robbie : Someone so loyal , fun , helpful , prankish , caring of others -- a hero , " Tim German said , his voice quavering during the memorial Thursday in Longwood , Florida . "  Son , we love you so much , and we 'll miss you dearly beyond earthly measure ... but your legacy of caring , in your Robbie way , will live on through all of us who remember you , knew you , loved you . " Tim spoke with affection about his son 's fun-loving , endearing personality that dovetailed with his drive to become a law enforcement officer . For Robert German , that meant working during the day and going to night school . "  He did n't give up . He had a dream , finally got a job at Windermere . He was thrilled and very excited . From that point , we saw him grow again , and he became increasingly service-oriented and caring of others , " the father said . At the time of his shooting , German had just returned to the force after being on "  light-duty status " following surgery for an injury he suffered six months earlier . He had responded to a scene involving an autistic person , Windermere police Chief Dave Ogden said , standing before German 's flag-draped casket . Recognizing the situation , German "  de-escalated the situation , he went hands-on , and he ended up receiving the injury . " Following the matter , German simply asked after the other individual involved . " ` Chief , I 'm OK , but I really hope that boy 's OK . I know he did n't mean it , ' " Ogden recalled German telling him . "  But that 's Robbie . Without care or concern for himself , he knew the situation . " Investigators are still trying to piece together the events leading up to German 's death . Two days before the shooting , Brandon Goode , 18 , and Alexandria "  Alex " Hollinghurst , 17 , both of Davenport , Florida , reportedly ran away from home , leaving only letters behind for their families to find . "  To my loving parents , I am sorry for all the pain and misery I have brought you both , not just now but from these past few years as well , " begins Goode 's note , handwritten in neat , even letters . "  I do n't want to go through life knowing because of my mistakes that I amounted to nothing and was there fore a disappointment . Do n't take that as me putting the blame on you because that is the furthest thing from the truth . Both of you have been so amazing with your constant help and support through my life . " Goode was arrested in February on charges of possession of alcohol while underage and possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia . He had also been arrested in 2012 in an alleged aggravated assault on his mother , according to incident reports from the Polk County Sheriff 's Office . "  I love you with all my heart , " the letter continues . "  Please do n't be sad , this is what I want now , I get to die peacefully with the woman I love , the woman of my dreams , my fiancÃ ©  yes we were engaged !  . I miss you both so much already . " Hollinghurst penned two loving missives addressed to her sister and father , but to her mother , she directed a bitter letter that suggests the two had a turbulent relationship . Once the letters were found , the couple 's parents called police to alert them to the teens ' disappearances . Using cell phone tracking technology , Kissimmee police officers found the two parked in Goode 's car . When the officer asked Goode to step out of the automobile , he "  cranked the vehicle , put the vehicle in drive and sped away , " according to a Polk County Sheriff 's Office incident report . Later , Kissimmee police filed a warrant to charge Goode with resisting a law enforcement officer without violence and reckless driving . Early Saturday , German encountered the duo walking along a street and called for assistance . When deputies responded to the scene , they found German "  lying on the roadway , mortally wounded , " the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said . The deputies performed what is called a tactical rescue , using a patrol car to shield their fallen comrade . That 's when they heard two gunshots . Upon searching nearby woods , Orange County sheriff 's deputies found Goode and Hollinghurst dead , lying in some brush , from what are believed to be self-inflicted wounds . It 's perhaps the lack of any available explanations after Goode 's death that will haunt his parents the most . "  We can not comprehend the senseless loss of Officer German 's life , the death of Alexandria Hollinghurst and for our family , the loss of our 18-year-old son , Brandon , " Ricke and Connie Goode said in a statement issued Wednesday to CNN affiliates WESH-TV and Central Florida News 13 . "  Words do not exist to express the measure of our sorrow and sadness . Our deepest sympathy and our heartfelt prayers go out to the friends and family of Officer German . We are so , so sorry to them for what happened and they will be forever in our prayers . We know a community grieves and like everyone else in our community , we ourselves are struggling to understand this most horrific tragedy . We have no answers , only questions . "	Robert German , 31 , was one of 12 officers in Windermere , Florida , a town of 2,500 Police say German was fatally shot by two teens who then apparently committed suicide Dad described son as "  someone so loyal , fun , helpful , prankish , caring of others -- a hero " Chief : German injured in earlier incident with autistic boy but more concerned about boy
CNN  -- The man who led Germany to a World Cup win both as a player and a coach admits he has lost faith in FIFA due to the way the voting process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments was handled . Franz Beckenbauer , a member of FIFA 's executive committee , criticized football 's governing body after the amount of votes each bidder received was made public . Beckenbauer was one of the 22 FIFA members who voted in the process and claims he was assured that the details would remain private . Yet soon after it was announced that Russia had won the right to host the 2018 competition , and Qatar had secured the 2022 version , media were reporting that two of the favorites , England and Australia , attracted just two votes and one vote respectively . It led to an angry reaction from representatives of the England and Australia bid teams and Beckenbauer acknowledges his faith in FIFA has been shaken as a result . "  I am disappointed with the way FIFA dealt with the result . The seven losing countries were treated disgracefully , particularly England and Australia , Beckenbauer told German newspaper Bild . "  All of us ExCo members were told ahead of the ballot that neither we nor the public would ever know the exact number of votes for each country . After each round of voting we were told only which country had been ruled out . "  Then , a few hours later , I was hearing from journalists what the exact voting had been . It 's certainly affected my confidence in FIFA . " England were particularly vociferous in their criticism of FIFA and claimed several committee members promised them votes that did n't materialize . Ron Walker , a member of the Australian Football Federation , claimed the voting process had been "  contaminated " in the year leading up to the announcement on December 2 . Beckenbauer was instrumental in taking the World Cup to Germany in 2006 having won the tournament as a player in 1974 and as a coach in 1990 . He announced in November that he will step down from his current role with FIFA in March in order to spend more time with his family .	Franz Beckenbauer says he 's lost faith in FIFA after the World Cup voting process Germany legend says losing bidders were treated "  disgracefully " Beckenbauer is to step down from FIFA 's executive committee in March
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard closed 98 miles of the Mississippi River from New Orleans , Louisiana , southward after a fuel barge and a tanker collided early Wednesday , spilling more than 400,000 gallons of fuel oil . Coast Guard personnel try to contain a fuel oil spill in the Mississippi River in New Orleans on Wednesday . The closure -- on what is a major shipping route between the Midwest and the Gulf of Mexico -- could last days , and the cleanup could take weeks , said Capt. Lincoln Stroh , the Coast Guard chief in New Orleans . The collision between the Liberian-flagged chemical tanker Tintomara and the barge pushed by the tug Mel Oliver happened about 1:30 a.m. Wednesday , splitting the barge nearly in half and dumping more than 419,000 gallons of oil into the river , the Coast Guard said . The accident happened just north of the massive bridges connecting downtown New Orleans to the west bank of the Mississippi , the Coast Guard said . The tanker was undamaged . See a map of where the spill happened " The Coast Guard said Wednesday evening that the tug had no properly licensed crew on board at the time of the collision . No injuries were reported , and the National Transportation Safety Board said it has dispatched investigators to look into the accident . The accident left a sheen of oil over much of the river and its banks . Booms were deployed to contain the oil , and skimmers are being used to suck it off the surface , said Petty Officer Thomas Blue , a Coast Guard spokesman . Watch scenes from the oil spill " The spill is much smaller than the ones that followed Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , when the Coast Guard estimated that more than 7 million gallons of oil were dumped into the Mississippi and nearby waterways . But Wilma Subra , a chemist who advises the Louisiana Environmental Action Network , said the oil could affect wildlife and work its way up the food chain into residents , many of whom fish for subsistence . "  This is a spill that occurred in a very urban area , and it can impact a very large number of people , " she said . The oil , widely used as marine fuel , is heavier than diesel but lighter than crude , and it is likely to stick to rocks , trees and wildlife , Stroh said . "  Some will evaporate with sunlight , but there will be residuals in the waterway which need to be cleaned up , " he said . However , State Department of Environmental Quality officials said the oil is so thick that it could sink , which would complicate the cleanup , the Times-Picayune of New Orleans reported . The Mississippi is the primary source of drinking water for the region , and workers have deployed booms around intakes for local water systems , said Paul Book , the head of the cleanup effort for barge owners American Commercial Lines . Water intakes in the oil spill area -- those for Algiers , Gretna , St. Bernard Parish and Plaquemines Parish -- were closed to prevent contamination , though residents there still could get water through their taps because of reserve supplies , the Times-Picayune reported . A swifter-than-normal current quickly drew the slick downstream . The Coast Guard initially closed 29 miles of the river but expanded that to 98 miles by Wednesday evening , the service said . The heavy , sticky oil left a "  real strong " smell hanging over much of downtown New Orleans , said Carl Bauder , who runs a barber shop near the foot of Canal Street . The Coast Guard 's closure of traffic shut down commuter ferries across the river , said Bauder , who lives in the West Bank neighborhood of Algiers . " -LSB- The oil has -RSB- done a lot of damage to our Moonwalk area and down by the aquarium , " he said . Department of Environmental Quality officials said they did n't believe breathing the air near the river would be a problem , adding that emergency personnel were checking the air with portable monitors and had n't found dangerous hydrocarbon levels , the Times-Picayune reported . New Orleans is among the largest U.S. ports . More than 30 ships were queued early Wednesday afternoon , waiting to pass through the closed zone , Coast Guard spokeswoman Jaclyn Young said . Ships approaching the mouth of the river from the Gulf of Mexico were being asked to stay out , Stroh said .	Ninety-eight miles of Mississippi River closed from New Orleans southward Closure could last days , but cleanup could take weeks , Coast Guard says More than 400,000 gallons of fuel oil spilled after tanker , barge collide River is major route for cargo between Midwest , Gulf of Mexico
CNN  -- As Paris Fashion Week demonstrates , adults love playing dress up just as much as children . The only difference between junior and senior would-be masters-of-disguise is that kids do n't need an excuse to don a costume ; grown-ups , however , seem to feel more comfortable when there 's a theme involved . In the market for an outfit to match your fetish ? With Halloween on the horizon , we 've rounded up some of the craziest costumed events out there . Getting geeky with it Self-proclaimed  and a few closeted  nerds will find no shortage of events catering to the dweebiest of whims . Though it faces some stiff competition  the Roswell UFO Festival , which encourages participants to dress as their favorite alien , could give it a run for its money  , Comic-Con is arguably the dorkiest event on the calendar . The San Diego variant is not only the original , it is also the biggest comic-related convention . Last year heralded in over 130,000 visitors , with costumes ranging from Stark Trek characters to comic super heroes and even the odd Disney princess . As it has become an ` it ' event for any Hollywood franchise wishing to build a cult-following  and there 's a lot of them  , Comic-Con has even managed to make the geek a little bit chic over the years , with A-list celebs showing up in costume too . Eyes Wide Shut Fans of Stanley Kubrick should head to Italy to take part in one of the largest masked festivals on Earth . During Venice Carnevale , the "  city without streets " takes on an especially surreal vibe as thousands of tourists join the locals in donning elaborate masks and gowns for ten days of celebrations . Though Carnevale 's roots date back to the Middle Ages , the modern version has only been active since the '70s  blame Napoleon , who put an end to the fun when he invaded in 1797  . The city 's Piazza San Marco becomes mobbed with tourists and photographers , who snap pics of professionals strutting their stuff in ornate robes and those creepy , bird-like masks the city is famous for . Time travelers delight At the Scarborough Faire Renaissance Festival , which runs every weekend throughout April and May , the 242,000 annual visitors are prone to dress in period outfits . The festival is set in 1533 , the year Henry VIII married Anne Boleyn . General manager Coy Sevier says that historically , during a royal wedding , the king and queen would tour all the villages in their realm . He notes that such an event makes a handy motif for a gathering dedicated to outrageous costumes . "  Of course , anytime the king comes to town , it 's a good time to spruce up , put on your finest , and put on a good show , " he says . Though the professional performers are held to a high standard , with costume guards making sure no detail is out of place , for everyone else , it 's a free for all . Read more : The man behind the world 's strangest holidays "  We have guests that come in as Dr. Who . We have a whole selection of musketeers . Even though they 're a couple hundred years off , they 're more than welcome , " he says . The Vikings are coming ! The Shetland Islands in the UK is home to the world 's largest fire festival , Up Helly Aa , which also happens to be a holdover from Viking times . As such , the event is celebrated with a procession of 1,000 "  guizers " , or men in Viking costume , making their way through the town of Lerwick until they reach the Valhalla , where they then toss lit torches into a Viking long ship . Though dressing up is mainly reserved for locals , anyone is invited to witness the event . Last year , 5,000 onlookers cheered the helmeted mass as they readied themselves to take down another ship . Unleash the dark Lovers of the macabre will do well to visit Leipzing , Germany during the annual Wave-Gotik-Treffen , aka , the Wave and Goth Festival . The costumes are remarkably diverse ; futuristic robots are as much the norm as darkly-clad , Byron-esque romantics . The one thing that seems to unify the 20,000 participants , however , is an affection for Goth culture  which just happens to be very varied  . "  In the last few years , new music styles have developed within the scene . In many cases , fashion is connected to that specialist taste , which is why there 's such a range , " explains Cornelius Brach , the festival organizer . Wo n't you join the  blue  ball ? In 1995 , the small town of Nederland , Colorado  population 1,470  became an unintentional symbol for cryogenics . A few years earlier , the body of Norwegian citizen Bredo Morstøl was shipped out to the town to live stored in a frozen state in the home of his daughter , Aud Morstøl . When she was evicted for living in a house without electricity or plumbing , she went to the local press in the hopes of salvaging her father 's remains . Read more : The world 's weirdest food festivals Today , "  Grandpa Bredo "  as he 's known locally  is stored in a shed , packed with 1,600 pounds of dry ice delivered by a team of volunteers . In 2002 , the town decided to commemorate the event with Frozen Dead Guy Days , an annual three-day homage to corpses and cold . "  We 're a very small mountain town , and it 's hard to eke out a living . The Chamber of Commerce was like , ` well , we 're known as the town with the frozen dead guy , so let 's have a festival , ' " explains Amanda MacDonald , the event organizer . Highlights of the fete include a coffin race , hearse parade , costume polar plunge and the Frozen Blue Ball -- a necro-themed costume party . Though anything goes in terms of costumes , the theme tends to revolve around cold things . Penguins , says McDonald , are popular .	The Scarborough Faire Renaissance Festival attracts nearly 250,000 period fans . The festival has it 's fair share of couple who wed dressed as Robin Hood and Maid Marian . Frozen Dead Guy Days in Nederland , Colorado is dedicated to the frozen corpse of its oldest resident . Attendees participate in coffin races and hearse parades .
CNN  -- Three days ago , I decided to write an open letter to black protesters because I could n't stay silent any longer . Since the death of Michael Brown , America has been in an intense debate over how law enforcement operates in communities of color . I am an African-American police officer -- a term that seems like an oxymoron these days -- and like thousands of other black men and women who wear blue , I exist in two worlds . The open letter , published by theGrio , was an attempt to offer solutions . I wrote about how proud I am to see young black men and women mobilize and rally for a cause but that too many in their movement overgeneralize and paint all law enforcement as corrupt . I explained how , contrary to what is often portrayed , the vast majority of cops aspire to be peacekeepers and that our good work often goes unnoticed . Finally , I offered what I believe could be achievable solutions to improve the relationship between law enforcement and the communities of color we serve . I wrote , referring to the protesters : "  What they fail to understand is that I 'm from the community and just one degree of separation from living in their world . My twin brother and I took different paths in life . He developed a dependency on drugs and spiraled into a life of crime that led to his incarceration . This is why making arrests is still a very difficult part of my job . Like 99 percent of those in law enforcement , I did not get into this profession to disrupt or end lives ; rather , I want to save the lives of so many people -- like my brother . "  Most police officers do this job because they love the communities they serve . We chose to be in a profession where every day you get to make a difference , whether it 's saving a child from an unhealthy home , coming to the aid of a domestic violence victim , finding shelter for the homeless or getting a reckless drunken driver off the road . "  Contrary to what many believe , we do not hope to have violent run-ins . It is actually what I dread the most . " In the piece , I decided not to give my full name . I did n't know what type of reaction or backlash to expect . For me , submitting this was not without risk . I feared being ostracized in the profession I chose , especially by the community I was born into and love . As expected , the post did receive a number of negative comments , which I wo n't give attention to because solutions rarely come from negativity . One thing that was abundantly clear from reading the reactions was how much television and movies have overtaken reality . There was an all too common perception that within every agency , there is a rogue , a power-hungry officer who would violate any policy in his attempt to destroy the black community . One commenter said it best , "  Bigoted bad guys do n't just stick out like in movies twirling their mustaches and looking evil . " A few asked why I chose to single out black protesters when those involved in the movement are from all races . To that I say , while this is a national discussion , I believe the solutions are primarily local . I spoke to those who are part of our black communities and encouraged them to form relationships with local law enforcement and work with them to recruit more diverse police officers . I was pleasantly surprised by how many of the readers welcomed this encouragement . These are some of the voices from our community that the media often fails to represent . "  As an African American teacher in the American public school system , I can identify with his words . I know what it is like to do a thankless job and to be misunderstood and undervalued both when my professional uniform is on and off . A huge shift would come if people of color decided to take jobs in law enforcement and teaching . " "  Bro , I was proud that a black man and officer spoke up about it . It needed to be said . It was the truth of how African Americans act and respond in these situations . " But nothing was more gratifying than to hear the words of encouragement I received from fellow black officers representing various police departments throughout the country . They were relieved that someone had given them a voice . To hear their appreciation was emotionally rewarding . While people are protesting and searching for answers , I just hope they also consider there are police officers who are the living embodiment of the very solutions they seek . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	A black police officer says he lives in two worlds He shares hopes , aspirations of African American community and values of police Protesters should know there are cops who are seeking to solve community problems , he says
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Foreign Service officer has been charged in a visa fraud conspiracy in which Vietnamese citizens paid between $ 20,000 and $ 70,000 per visa , according to court documents Michael Todd Sestak , 41 , appeared in federal court in Washington Tuesday and will remain in jail pending further court proceedings . He is charged wtih conspiracy to commit bribery and visa fraud . Sestak was visa chief at the U.S. Consulate in Ho Chi Minh City and allegedly started to approve visas for a fee beginning in March 2012 . Sestak allegedly worked with co-conspirators who advertised visas for people who were unable to get them on their own or had been turned down . They also encouraged people to enter the United States on tourist visas , overstay the visas and remain in the U.S. , according to prosecutors . Sestak allegedly received several million dollars in bribes for approving visas he knew were based on fraudulent information . According to a court affidavit , he moved his money out of Vietnam using money launderers and off-shore banks , and then bought real estate in Phuket and Bangkok , Thailand . In July 2012 the U.S. Consulate received a letter from a confidential source saying there was a visa conspiracy going on . The tipster said from late May until early July 2012 some 50 to 70 people from one Vietnamese village had obtained visas in the scheme . Prosecutors said ultimately hundreds of bad visas were granted . Sestak was arrested in California on May 13 . Two women also have been charged in the alleged conspiracy and are in custody in the United States . They are Hong Vo , a 27-year old American citizen , and Truc Tranh Huynh , a 29-year old Vietnamese citizen . The State Department , which controls the Foreign Service , had no comment on the Sestak case . CNN 's message to Sestak 's lawyer was not immediately returned	The defendant was visa chief at a U.S. consulate in Vietnam He allegedly received millions of dollars for approving visas based on false information A confidential source tipped the consulate that a visa conspiracy was going on Two others -- an American and a Vietnamese -- also are charged in the case
When "  Economic News " aired last week on China 's state-run TV channel , its viewers who number in the millions noticed something odd : the chair where star journalist Rui Chenggang sits was empty . The 37-year-old Rui was taken away shortly before airtime Friday by prosecutors as part of a widening anti-corruption investigation . He is one of China 's most prominent and controversial television anchors who once led a successful campaign to get Starbucks kicked out of the Forbidden City . And his detention has attracted global coverage . Here are five things to know to put in context why Rui 's case is significant : How popular is he ? Keyword : 10,000,000 . As the face of China Central Television 's financial news channel , Rui presents its flagship show "  Economic News , " which is said to easily draw more than 10 million viewers every night . Fluent in English and well-versed in Western culture , he 's often the "  go to " guy at CCTV for foreign leaders and industry titans . He has interviewed hundreds of big names ranging from Bill Clinton to Bill Gates , and touted his friendship with the world 's rich and powerful in two best-selling autobiographies . On Sina Weibo -- China 's equivalent of Twitter -- Rui commands more than 10 million followers , making him the most popular CCTV personality in social media . Why is he controversial ? Keyword : Nationalistic . Rui shot to fame in 2007 when he led a successful campaign to kick Starbucks out of the Forbidden City in Beijing . He called the American coffee shop 's presence in the historic palace museum an encroachment on Chinese culture . The campaign won him both ardent fans and critics . Unabashedly nationalistic , he often defends government policies on the world stage and is known for baiting American officials . In 2010 , when U.S. President Barack Obama said he would give the final question at a press conference in Seoul to South Korean media , Rui declared : "  I 'm actually Chinese , but I think I get to represent the entire Asia . " At an economic forum the following year , Rui asked Gary Locke , then the U.S. ambassador to China : "  My colleagues told me you flew economy class here -- was that a reminder that the U.S. still owes China money ? " What got him in trouble ? Keyword : Corruption . Speculation about Rui 's troubles began last month when his longtime patron Guo Zhenxi , the head of state-run CCTV 's financial news channel , was detained for allegedly accepting bribes . State media have said his detention is closely linked to Guo 's case , as well as an investigation into his own possible profiting from using CCTV resources . Reports have since surfaced that Rui -- already a CCTV journalist -- co-founded a public relations company called Pegasus in 2002 and remained an important -- though minority -- shareholder for more than eight years . After being acquired by the U.S. public relations giant Edelman in 2007 , Pegasus started counting CCTV as a client two years later while Rui was still a stakeholder in the firm . Why is his detention significant ? Keyword : Politics . Rui 's reported detention is but the latest twist in an intensifying campaign launched by Chinese President Xi Jinping against official corruption , a lightning rod for mass discontent . When describing his resolve to spare no one -- regardless of position -- in his anti-corruption drive , Xi has said he would strike "  tigers and flies " alike . CCTV recently counted the capture of 35 "  tigers " -- including a retired top general and a former national leader -- since Xi took power less than two years ago . In the grand scheme of things , Rui appears to be a "  fly " caught in Xi 's widening net . Many observers , however , have noted his ties -- albeit indirect -- to Zhou Yongkang , the former domestic security czar who has been rumored to be the biggest "  tiger " under investigation . Guo , Rui 's patron at CCTV , has long been considered belonging to the Zhou faction . What is the public reaction ? Keyword : Divided . After the initial shock , thousands of Rui 's loyal fans have left messages on his Sina Weibo page to express continued support for their role model . The more prevailing sentiment in Chinese cyberspace , however , appears to be one of schadenfreude with many "  netizens " cheering Rui 's downfall . "  Considering Rui has n't really hurt anyone , it 's impressive to see how many people he has disgusted or offended , " tweeted Michael Anti , a leading Chinese commentator . "  It 's just telling how stinky the reputation is for the Communist Party 's human mouthpieces , whether Chinese or English speakers . " People 's Daily , the Party 's official newspaper , seems to feel obliged to respond , reminding readers in a commentary published online : "  Rui is not a spokesman for patriotism . The only bases for his crime and punishment should be evidence and laws -- it has absolutely nothing to do with patriotism . "	His show draws more than 10 million viewers nightly He is known for baiting American officials The detention is the latest twist in an intense anti-corruption campaign
CNN  -- James Avery was a prolific and versatile actor during his 68 years , but he 's best known to several as Uncle Phil . A classically trained thespian , Avery filled the role of the tough but caring head of the Banks ' household on the '90s sitcom "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " for six years . Along the way , he crafted a character that stands apart as one of the greatest fictional dads on TV . His costar Joseph Marcell , who portrayed the family butler Geoffrey , had it right when he said that Avery "  strove to present an Uncle Phil that everybody wishes was their uncle . " As a result , his death this week has left a lot of fans feeling as though they 've lost a family member . Every "  Fresh Prince " fan probably has his or her own reasons why Uncle Phil was at the heart of the memorable comedy . Here are our top five : 1 . He was there for you in a jam . In case you missed "  Fresh Prince " during its run from 1990 to 1996 , or somehow have escaped the endless repeats on basic cable in the years since , here 's a recap of the premise : Now-famous blockbuster actor Will Smith portrayed a mischievous Philadelphia teen who was sent to live with his rich relatives in Bel-Air . Cue the culture clash as free-spirited Will had to adjust to his Uncle Phil 's rigorous rules . Most of the humor came from that dynamic , but when Will -- and , often , Phil 's son Carlton  Alfonso Ribeiro  -- really needed him , he did n't hesitate to help them out . That was established clearly with an episode in season one , when Phil came to Will 's rescue at a pool hall after the kid lost money and a car to a hustler . 2 . Underneath his grizzly exterior was a sensitive role model . Although Uncle Phil and Will had their fights , the lawyer and eventual judge became a father figure for Smith 's character . This was shown in one heartbreaking season four episode , when Will 's biological father re-enters the picture only to leave his son once again . A distraught Will turned to his uncle , who readily embraced him . No matter how many times we watch this , we always get misty . 3 . He was not a man to be trifled with . Every so often we saw glimpses of Uncle Phil 's soft side , but it was his stern parenting style that always left us in stitches . Take , for example , the way he handled one of Carlton and Will 's failed schemes in season two : Or how he completely shut down this guy 's attempt to smoke in an elevator ... and then took his phone : And how could we forget his confrontation at a police station in season one ? 4 . He had a go-to move for kicking people out of his house . Whenever you saw Will Smith 's real-life friend and recording partner DJ Jazzy Jeff on-screen in "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , " you knew he was n't going to be around for long . The running gag on the sitcom was that Jazzy Jeff 's character , Jazz , was always getting thrown out of Uncle Phil 's mansion . It happened so often it became a patented move . 5 . He could bust a move when he wanted to . Uncle Phil was constantly getting ribbed by his family -- and especially Will -- about his weight , but the regal patriarch was n't without a sense of humor . Will brought it out of him with this classic dance scene from season five .	James Avery played the beloved Uncle Phil on the '90s comedy "  Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " The actor died at 68 on December 31 Fans have mourned the loss of one of TV 's greatest dads With a combination of humor and heart , Avery brought the character to life
CNN  -- Costa Rica 's appeal against its recent 1-0 defeat by the United States played out in a snowstorm has been blown away by soccer 's global governing body FIFA . The Costa Rican Football Federation complained to FIFA following last week 's 2014 World Cup qualifier in Colorado , which was played in blizzard-like conditions . Costa Rica argued the markings on the pitch were not visible , while also suggesting the snow affected the "  physical integrity " of the players and hampered the movement of the ball . But the protest has been dismissed by FIFA on the grounds that Costa Rica failed to follow official regulations in its protest , meaning the U.S. team 's first win of the North and Central American and Caribbean qualification competition is secure . Pedro 's Point of View : Juventus Europe 's dark horses ? "  FIFA received a letter via email from the Costa Rica FA on 24 March 2013 with regards to the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier played on 22 March between USA and Costa Rica , " said a FIFA statement . "  FIFA has examined the content of the letter and , taking into consideration article 14 , paragraph 4 of the 2014 FIFA World Cup regulations , has confirmed that the conditions established in the regulations for an official protest have not been met by the Costa Rica FA . "  Therefore , the result of the match played on 22 March stands and is considered as valid . " The Costa Rican federation had also called for the officials at the match at Dick 's Sporting Goods Park in Commerce City to be sanctioned . The win was vital for U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann , who had come in for criticism following a 2-1 defeat to Honduras last month . The victory lifted the U.S. into second place , behind leaders Honduras . The U.S. face another huge match on Tuesday against southern neighbors Mexico in Mexico City . The Americans first ever win in Mexico came in a friendly match last August . The top three countries from the group will qualify directly for next year 's tournament in Brazil , while the fourth-placed team will play off against the Oceania group winners New Zealand . Costa Rica are bottom of the North , Central America and Caribbean group with just one point .	FIFA rejects Costa Rica 's appeal over 1-0 defeat to United States Costa Rica unhappy with the snowstorm conditions in Colorado The win was the U.S. 's first of the 2014 World Cup qualifying competition Jurgen Klinsmann 's team play neighbors Mexico on Tuesday
Corfu 's tourism board should thank Vasilis Metallinos and John Miliadis . "  Corfu Nightscapes -- A Company of Stars " is the pair 's stunning five-minute video comprising 60,000 photos taken between 2010 and 2014 by Metallinos . If you 're not inspired to head to Greece after seeing it , you probably did n't full-screen this tribute to Hellenic beauty . The music is composed by Miliadis . Metallinos , 29 , became interested in astronomy a decade ago and has been practicing astrophotography for the last seven years . What 's on his list of must-have equipment and his secrets for capturing a "  bigger " moon ? He shared that and more with CNN . CNN : What inspired you to create this gorgeous video ? Vasilis Metallinos : This is my fifth time-lapse video so far and it was inspired by my love for Corfu island , my birthplace -- its long and rich history , breathtaking landscapes and my passion for the night sky . It 's a dreamy , magical thing to look up in the sky and watch the stars , our neighbors , traveling to distant lands ! CNN : What makes Corfu a good place for stargazing ? Metallinos : Corfu 's night sky is not perfect but we still enjoy dark skies and see lot of celestial objects within the city walls of the Old Town of Corfu -- a UNESCO World Heritage Site -- next to our monuments . What could be more beautiful than seeing Saturn 's rings or clouds and Jupiter 's Great Red Spot from the Esplanade Square , one of the largest squares in Europe with Venetian fortifications and French and English buildings ? Corfu also has an important astronomical heritage . The first Astronomical Society of Greece was founded in Corfu in -LSB- 1927 -RSB- by French astronomer Felix Lamech . Both Lamech and the Corfiot astronomer Ioannis Fokas have a lunar crater named after them and Fokas also has an eponymous Mars crater . CNN : What 's your advice for budding astrophotographers ? Metallinos : Experience and knowledge are the most valuable tools . One needs to know how the celestial objects move and how to capture them with the camera . Until you get better , take as many photos as you can . Astrophotography requires patience . The weather is n't always our ally and we often have to wait for more than a month for a clear sky . One should n't give up easily , otherwise you might miss that one special photo that could come when you least expect it . CNN : What equipment do you use ? Metallinos : A photo camera that can capture long-exposure images , a tripod and a remote control for the camera . I started with a DSLR Canon EOS 40D and a tripod . Now I also have three other DSLR 's for nightscapes and landscapes . Some are specially modified to capture in infrared . I 've got some CCD cameras especially for planetary photography , like the DBK 21 camera . I also use telephoto lenses like EF70-200 f2 .8 or EF100-400mm f4 as well as telescopes like the SW ED80 f7 .5 or Takahashi Toa130 f7 .7 . Also very useful is planetarium software like Stellarium , Carte du Ciel , Starrynight and Skysafari . They help you identify the stars or planets easily as well as calculate where the stellar objects will rise and set on the horizon . With software like The Photographer 's Ephemeris  TPE  , we can calculate where we should be . CNN : What are your favorite shots in the video ? Metallinos : There are so many memorable ones . The one with the big fireball at 2:39 that blinded us and turned the sky blue or the one with the honeymooners and the lighthouse at 3:49 are good examples . For that shot , I was calculating for hours how to shoot my just-married sister inside the August full moon . But I  ended up  missing them by setting up the telescope just two meters wrong -- a very difficult shot when you 're using a 1,000-millimeter telescope with almost 150 kilos of equipment . But my very best is the one with the Supermoon  when the full moon is at its closest point to Earth in its orbit  and the Old Fortress of Corfu at 3:21 . The result would look great even if it was a cloudy night -- I set up in the right place at the right time . CNN : In some of the shots , the moon looks enormous -- how did you do that ? Metallinos : You set up up the telephoto lens or a telescope at least a few kilometers away from the landscape you want to include in the shot . Use a lens with a long focal length to magnify the moon from afar . For example , the shot with the moon rising behind the Old Fortress was shot eight kilometers away using a 1,000-millimeter lens . Theoretically , you can capture a full moon every 29 days from a different azimuth 76 ° - 116 ° but it 's actually challenging to shoot the moon due to the unpredictable weather and difficulty in getting the exact shooting angle correct . After calculating the exact point of the azimuth and setting up where you can put the landscape in the same shot , you 'll then need a clear horizon . I manage to capture the moon only a few times every year . So the shots in the video are from 2010 till February 2014 . CNN : The most time-consuming process is ... Metallinos : Some shots took more than eight to nine hours of continuous capturing . I climbed up the cliff with my camera and telescope for almost eight hours continuously to capture the shot with the trees . The shots with the moon took an hour or two , but it required an hour or two of pre-calculation for where to set up , and then we had to be there an hour earlier with the heavy equipment . But that is not the end -- we had to process thousands of raw pictures . It took me more than a month to archive my 200,000 pictures of time-lapse to a library of more than 1.5 million pictures I have . Then , it took us another month to create the video with the right shots and the right sound . CNN : The best places to photograph Corfu are ... Metallinos : To capture the old town of Corfu in the photograph , the best angle is from Kontokali Bay , about seven kilometers northwest of Corfu town . Other beautiful places with a nice dark sky include Chalikounas Beach  Lake Korission  in southwest Corfu and near Aggelokastro Castle just above Palaiokastritsa Bay . CNN : What are your favorite places to photograph Greece ? Metallinos : I once captured nice star photographs from the Parnon mountains at Peloponnisos in southern Greece , with a perfect dark sky . Pelion at the city of Volos and the Gramos mountain range both yield beautiful photos . More of Metallinos ' videos can be found on his Youtube page .	Vasilis Metallinos captured Corfu 's starry night in a five-minute time-lapse video , "  Corfu Nightscapes -- A Company of Stars " Right equipment , knowledge and patience are the keys to astrophotography , he says Metallinos shares his tips for photographing the moon so it looks enormous Chalikounas Beach is one of the best spots to photograph Corfu 's nightscapes
Sheremetyevo International Airport Transit Lounge , Moscow  CNN  -- It seemed like an exciting assignment -- go to Moscow on the trail of former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . After acknowledging that he leaked details to reporters about a massive U.S. government surveillance program , Snowden reportedly arrived at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport on a flight from Hong Kong on June 23 , and settled in at the transit lounge . But he has remained out of sight . Could I find him ? Would he be browsing the duty-free shops , amazed at the sheer volume of magnum bottles of liquor for sale ? Would he be sipping cappuccinos in the coffee shop , miffed that they cost 5 euros , or $ 6.50 , each ? Is Snowden ready to take flight ? Determined and anxious , I flew in under the cover of darkness on an overnight Aeroflot flight from Madrid , arriving at 6 a.m. . The passport control officer told me to wait . "  Sit over there , " she said , and walked off with my documents . Hmmm . Would I end up in legal limbo like Snowden , whose American passport was revoked by Washington , making it difficult for him to cross borders ? Out of Russia : Snowden 's possible flight paths Well , no . After about 10 minutes I was waved through , and got out of there so quickly that I forgot to ask the passport officer if she 'd seen Snowden lately . But there was no entry stamp to Russia in my passport . Because , like Snowden , I had not officially entered the country ; instead , I was now in the lounge for passengers who are just transiting through , along with those who enter the area to board departing flights . It 's a truly international place , filled with a broad swath of humanity . Citizens from the Russian Federation , Europeans , Asians , a small number of Americans and some Cubans . Young backpackers and rich business executives . Exhausted parents with children , including a brave little boy whose legs appeared disabled , struggling to take every step , squeezing his mother 's hand . All trolling the transit zone , with its gaudy emporium of high-end shops wedged next to mom-and-pop trinket stores that sell souvenirs seemingly left over from the old Soviet Union , including a fold-up metal drinking cup , which I could n't resist . Inside Moscow Airport 's ` no man 's land ' There are coffee shops that offer Russian pancakes and Wi-Fi , and charge in rubles , dollars or euros . There 's even a Burger King and a TGI Fridays . In this enormous transit lounge , Snowden surely has plenty of places to hide . Its three terminals -- D , E and F -- form a very long , curvy rectangle , with 60 boarding gates , and flights to a lot of places that Snowden ca n't go , for fear of being caught . Western Europe ? Not a good idea for him to fly to Paris or Berlin . New York is obviously out of the question . Tokyo or Shanghai ? Nyet . Nor Tel Aviv . Even Baku , capital of Azerbaijan , is probably risky . There is an Aeroflot flight to Havana , with connections to Venezuela , a country whose leftist government has offered asylum to Snowden . Airport stakeout : Hunting Snowden On a Friday , my first day in the transit zone , there was no Havana flight to keep an eye on , which gave me a chance to explore . Russia and other countries can designate various locations and settings , even outside of the airport , as the amorphous transit zone . There could be detention areas , medical facilities , or other locations in Moscow given that designation -- so Snowden could be miles away from the airport but still in "  transit . " One part of the Novotel , not connected to the terminal but visible from it , is part of the transit zone . I decided to see whether Snowden was holed up there . I reserved two rooms -- one for me , the other for a CNN camerawoman who came from Berlin . Aeroflot ground agents directed us to a bus , which rolled across the tarmac as , officially , a moving part of the transit lounge . So we were leaving the airport in Russia -- but staying in the "  zone . " Accompanied at all times by minders , we checked in and were directed to the second floor , the secure transit zone floor . The guard in the hall made sure we did n't go down to the lobby or gym or to other floors . The only way to get food was from room service , which is actually not such a bad idea . We walked the hallway . Snowden could have been behind any of the 40 room doors on the second floor . He did not come out . At 4 a.m. the next day , we left the hotel , accompanied at all times , until we were back in the airport terminal transit lounge for our departing flights . The rules say you can stay a maximum of 24 hours in the transit lounge and then must leave on a flight . We did . But Snowden has apparently been in the lounge for nearly three weeks . How does he do it ? I would need a second trip to find out more . Interactive : Movements and asylum requests A few days later , I was back , this time alone . On the second trip , you begin to feel like something of an authority on the transit lounge . Snowden reportedly is traveling with several laptop computers . If they 're heavy , he 's got a problem . So did I . There are hardly any luggage carts in the transit lounge . I finally found one , and then a woman from India followed me around until I was done with it . I searched again , up and down , and when it got to be 12:30 a.m. -- when there are no flights for several hours -- I checked into the Capsule hotel in Terminal E , renting a tiny room for the minimum four hours . Did n't see Snowden there either , nor back in the terminal , starting at 5 a.m. . I figured the best shot was the Havana flight , leaving at 2:05 p.m. It 's no secret that observers are closely watching that flight . I went quite early to the boarding gate , number 22 in Terminal D . A couple of guys with beards looked vaguely like Snowden . But no , one turned out to be Danish , the other Russian . I approached both . They laughed . The Danish man said I was the second person to ask him that . It was boarding time . A veteran Russian photographer and I were working the scene . There was a lot to monitor -- the passengers getting on at the gate , the stairway from the tarmac up to the boarding walkway , for crew and possibly someone else , and a terminal elevator , inside the secure zone , from which someone might be hustled aboard down the walkway . Watching all this -- and , it also turns out , watching us -- was a mysterious , middle-aged burly man . As the boarding was in progress , he made a mobile phone call , reporting back to someone -- in Spanish -- that two photographers were taking pictures . After the boarding finished , and the plane was about to push back with no sign of Snowden , I approached the burly man . I asked him , in clear Spanish , if Snowden was aboard . He pretended not to understand . I repeated the question in Spanish . He again feigned inability to speak Spanish . So I asked him in English . He replied that he did n't know . Could he have been from Venezuela or Cuba ? He did n't say . At least I could see and talk to the burly man . So far , I have n't been able to do that with Snowden .	CNN 's Al Goodman spent time in the transit zone of Moscow 's airport Edward Snowden is believed to be in the transit zone The zone can include other locations in Moscow The maximum stay allowed is 24 hours
Over the past few weeks we have been bombarded with tales of woe from Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , the Joint Chiefs of Staff and arms industry executives about what they have described as the potentially devastating impacts of cutting the Pentagon budget . To hear them tell it , the most powerful military in the world will grind to a halt if it is required to cut its $ 500 billion-plus budget by about 8 % . There 's no question that the sequester -- the automatic across-the-board spending cuts that will kick in if Congress and the president fail to agree on a balanced deficit reduction plan -- is not an ideal way to trim the budget . It precludes one of the central tenets of good government : the ability to increase investments in programs that work while cutting or eliminating programs that do n't . But we should n't confuse this management issue with an underlying truth . There is plenty to cut at the Pentagon without undermining our security . Given this reality , it is astonishing that former Sen. Chuck Hagel , the Obama administration 's nominee for secretary of defense , has been chastised for pointing out the obvious : The Pentagon 's budget is bloated and ripe for reform . Examples of egregious waste and misplaced spending priorities at the Pentagon abound . One need look no further than the department 's largest weapons program , the F-35 combat aircraft . Even before it has moved into full-scale production , the plane has already increased in price by 75 % , and it has so far failed to meet basic performance standards . GOP legislators : Forced budget cuts a disaster for military By the Pentagon 's own admission , building and operating three versions of the F-35 -- one for the Air Force , one for the Navy and one for the Marines -- will cost more than $ 1.4 trillion over its lifetime , making it the most expensive weapons program ever undertaken . And in an era in which aerial combat is of diminishing importance and upgraded versions of current generation U.S. aircraft can more than do the job , it is not at all clear that we need to purchase more than 2,400 of these planes . Cutting the two most expensive versions of the F-35 will save over $ 60 billion in the next decade . As for the Navy , it is planning to invest $ 2.2 billion this year alone in the Littoral Combat Ship  LCS  , a system that has suffered serious performance problems ranging from cracking hulls to failures of the shipwide power system . In addition , the service maintains its attachment to building costly and unneeded ballistic missile submarines at up to $ 8 billion per boat , even as possessing thousands of nuclear weapons is increasingly irrelevant to our security . Scaling back these programs would save at least $ 25 billion over the next 10 years . Weapons spending is n't the only area in which smart savings are possible . Personnel costs are far too high . For example , the Army put out a memo this week bemoaning the fact that budget cuts at the level called for under the sequester would cost up to 300,000 jobs nationwide . But the Army 's plea for the status quo ignores two key facts : Our domestic basing structure is larger than it should be , and we have more troops than we need in a world in which we will no longer focus on fighting large , boots-on-the-ground conflicts like the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Cutting the Army by 100,000 troops beyond current plans would save $ 10 billion per year . On the civilian side of the ledger , there has been far too little attention paid to the Pentagon 's over-reliance on private contractors to do everything from tote guns to review budgets . The Department of Defense currently spends more on private contractors than on all of its civilian and military personnel combined , and many of them perform redundant tasks that could be done more cheaply by government employees . Cutting the use of these contractors by 15 % , as suggested by Taxpayers for Common Sense and the Project on Government Oversight , would save more than $ 350 billion over the next decade . The most outrageous fact of all is that the Pentagon ca n't even figure out how much of our money it is wasting . The department has never passed an audit , making it nearly impossible to root out corruption and avoid duplication of effort . Whipping the Pentagon 's accounting system into shape would save untold billions for years to come . The budget cuts forced by sequestration may be a bad way to control spending , but there is no question that the Pentagon can reshape its budget to meet current challenges while saving hundreds of billions of dollars in taxpayer funds . The Pentagon and the armed services should spend more time looking for ways to impose spending discipline and less time trying to prop up their budgets at levels we do n't need and ca n't afford . And Congress should revise the law to give the military more freedom to spend funds where they are most needed .	Defense officials , Pentagon contractors warn budget cuts could decimate military William Hartung says the forced cuts are n't ideal but there 's lot of fat at Pentagon He says weapons programs , military staffing levels are inflated Hartung : The Pentagon 's accounting is a mess ; has n't passed an audit
CNN  -- Pope Francis celebrated his first Easter Mass with departures from the style of his predecessor even as he delivered a traditional call for peace . While it 's traditional for the pope to deliver a message of peace on Easter Sunday , his direct interactions with the crowd reinforced stylistic differences between him and the austere , distant approach of Benedict XVI , observers said . Barely two weeks since his election , the first Latin American pope celebrated Easter Mass from an outdoor altar in the presence of tens of thousands of followers in St. Peter 's Square . Dressed in white , unadorned vestments consistent with his modest image , Francis celebrated Easter Mass alone , without his cardinals . After Mass , he made his way through St. Peter 's Square in an open-top popemobile free of bulletproof glass so he could stop to greet followers with handshakes , embraces and kisses . In his first Urbi et Orbi blessing from the papal balcony , Francis called for an end to conflicts in the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula . He also called for peace for Syrians -- both those devastated by violence in the country and refugees in need of help -- and harmony in the troubled African nations of Mali and the Central African Republic . Five things to know about Pope Francis But while the world scrutinizes his every move , papal observers said it was too early to make judgments about how he intends to lead the Catholic Church . "  Benedict and Francis are like Pavarotti and Domingo -- the style is different but the songs are the same , " said Raymond Arroyo , news director and lead anchor of EWTN Global Catholic Radio Network . What 's clear for now , Arroyo said , is that Francis "  is intent on bringing the message of the church out to the world , " as he demonstrated Sunday throughout Holy Week . When he told his priests Thursday "  to go look for the lost sheep , " he added that when they come back , they "  better smell like those sheep , " Arroyo said . "  He wants them amid the people in the muck of life . " The pope was elected almost three weeks ago , succeeding Benedict XVI . A former Argentinian cardinal , he became the first non-European pope of the modern era , the first from Latin America , the first Jesuit and the first to assume the name Francis . Already , Francis has repeatedly veered from tradition . Three days ago , on Holy Thursday , he went to a youth detention center in Rome -- rather than the city 's chief cathedral -- and washed the feet of a dozen young detainees . Among the group at the Casal del Marmo were two females and two Muslims . The pontiff poured water over the young offenders ' feet , wiped them with a white towel and kissed them . In his homily , given to about 50 young offenders , he said everyone should help one another . "  As a priest and as a bishop , I should be at your service . It is a duty that comes from my heart , " he said . The act of foot-washing is part of the Christian tradition that mirrors Jesus ' washing of his disciples ' feet . Francis ' decision to include two females -- an Italian and an Eastern European -- in the ceremony disturbed some traditionalists , who believe the 12 people should reflect the 12 male apostles . The Vatican Press Office responded Friday to "  questions and concerns " related to the pope 's washing the young offenders ' feet , calling it a "  simple and spontaneous gesture of love , affection , forgiveness and mercy . " If anything , Francis ' outreach to women , along with his emphasis on "  reinvigorating the Christian faith " in parts of the world "  where secularism has the upper hand " continues the tradition of Benedict and popes before him , said author and theologian Matthew Bunson , a senior fellow of the St. Paul Center for Biblical Theology . "  That hallmark of humility and simplicity are his personal expressions as pope , " Bunson said . "  There is something wonderfully new about him , but he 's also maintaining the teachings of the church in wonderful continuity with the popes who 've gone before him . " CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	Pope Francis continues to distinguish himself from predecessor in first Easter Mass Catholics from around the world pack St. Peter 's Square for Pope Francis ' message In his few weeks as pope , Francis has veered from tradition several times Some questioned Francis ' decision to wash the feet of two females during Holy Week
CNN  -- The tea party-backed challenger who narrowly lost a Republican primary runoff in Mississippi to longtime Sen. Thad Cochran says he plans to file a legal challenge contesting those results "  any day now . " State Sen. Chris McDaniel said Friday on CNN 's "  New Day " that "  the integrity of the process matters . We believe on that night of June 24 there were thousands of irregularities and we 've already found thousands of irregularities in the process . " McDaniel also defended his campaign 's offer - announced Thursday - of rewards of $ 1,000 each for individuals providing "  evidence leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in voter fraud . " And McDaniel said "  we condemn any racist comments what so ever , " when asked by CNN anchor Kate Bolduan about a bizarre Cochran campaign conference call on Wednesday that included borderline racist comments by an unidentified caller who appeared to be a supporter of the challenger 's campaign . Led primary , lost runoff McDaniel narrowly edged Cochran in a June 3 primary , but with neither man cracking the 50 % threshold needed to win , the contest moved to the runoff three weeks later , which Cochran won by fewer than 7,000 votes . His victory was aided by votes from African-American Democrats , who were actively courted during the runoff by Cochran 's campaign and allied groups . According to Mississippi law , voters are not required to register with a political party , and anyone who does n't vote in a primary election can cast a ballot in either party 's runoff . Since the runoff , McDaniel has refused to concede and has repeatedly vowed to use every legal maneuver available to fight the results . McDaniel alleges that some Democrats who voted in the runoff had previously cast a ballot in their party 's Senate primary . "  Right now , we have found we have found more than 5,000 irregularities . There are more than 19,000 absentee ballots we still have n't seen yet , " McDaniel told CNN . Disputed claims The Cochran campaign disputes McDaniel 's claims , and numbers . "  The time has come now for the McDaniel campaign to put up or shut up . If they have hard evidence , bring it forward . But quit talking about exaggerated numbers that they know are not true , " Cochran campaign spokesman and adviser Austin Barbour said Wednesday . After last week 's runoff , McDaniel 's campaign dispatched volunteers across Mississippi to investigate the results in the state 's 82 counties . FreedomWorks , one of the anti-establishment groups that 's been supporting McDaniel , dispatched activists to assist the campaign . Separately , a conservative outside group filed a lawsuit in federal court asking for full access to the voting records in the primary and runoff elections . Wo n't drag out McDaniel said on "  New Day " that the process "  wo n't drag out too much longer . We have our people in the field . They 'll be working all next week to find the additional irregularities that we believe are out there . " McDaniel added that "  after that , we 'll have our evidence together and move forward . " And he defended his campaign 's use of reward money , "  if fraud was committed . " He added , "  If vote buying took place as alleged , we have an obligation to find it and root it out once and for all . There 's nothing wrong with that process . It needs to happen for the integrity of the election process . " McDaniel pushed back allegations that he 's contesting the runoff results to further his political career and pay off campaign debts . "  We do n't have any primary debt , not one dime , " McDaniel told Bolduan , adding that what he 's now doing is "  bigger than a campaign , it 's bigger than a candidate , it 's bigger than me . " ` Join us in the process ' And he urged the Cochran campaign to "  join us in this process . Why not go out there hand and hand and lets find the corruption if it exists . " But that offer did n't fly with the Cochran camp . "  It 's obvious that Chris McDaniel does n't care about the integrity of the process or he would n't be offering thousand-dollar bounties in e-mail fundraising blasts and flat out stating that the election was stolen and the election was a sham without any proof , " Cochran spokesman Jordan Russell told CNN . "  So I think he needs to spare me the ` why wo n't they join us in protecting the integrity of the process . ' Chris McDaniel does n't care anything about the integrity of the process . Chris McDaniel cares about staying in the spotlight . " McDaniel condemns race comments On Wednesday 's Cochran campaign conference call , a person who appeared to be a McDaniel supporter asked "  since black people harvested cotton , why is it OK to harvest their votes ? Why is it OK to harvest the votes of black people ? " Asked about those comments , McDaniel said "  we condemn any racist comments what so ever . But bear in mind , we have no idea who that person is . " He added , "  You understand there are people out there we have no control over . " If his legal challenge to the runoff results is turned down by the courts , McDaniel told CNN that "  certainly we 'll respect the court 's decisions . As to endorsing or going forward with Thad Cochran or whoever else , I 'm going to have to make that call after all this is said and done . " 5 controversial moments in the Mississippi election Mississippi tea party leader tied to campaign smear dead in apparent suicide Blogger 's arrest shakes up Mississippi Republican primary CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report .	McDaniel tells CNN he plans to file legal challenge "  any day now " He says his team 's found more than 5,000 voting irregularities in runoff vote McDaniel defends use of reward money , condemns any use of racist language
CNN  -- What was old is new again - at least that 's the way it is for early voting . Before the second Tuesday after the first Monday in November was declared Election Day by federal law in 1845 , states voted on different days and over different periods of time . It was n't until the last decade that early voting began to pick up steam again . In 2004 , 22 % of Americans voted early and that rate rose to more than 30 % in 2008 , according to Paul Gronke , professor of Political Science who founded and runs the Early Voting Information Center at Reed College in Oregon . Gronke estimates that as much as 40 % of eligible voters will cast an early ballot during the 2012 election . With the trend changing the way Americans vote and campaigns campaign , we decided to take a look , by the numbers , at early voting in the United States : 35 : States  including the District of Columbia  that allow early voting . 2 : States with all mail-in voting . Washington and Oregon do n't have traditional polling places . Early voting surge suggests Democratic push pays off in Iowa 28 : Percent of Florida voters who said in 2004 they preferred early voting because of the convenience . 30 : Percent who said they did n't feel like standing in a long line to vote . In voting , the early bird skips the line 46.5 : Percent of Nevada voters who voted early in 2008 . 45 : Minimum number of days before the election that absentee ballots must be sent to military service members overseas , according to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act , which was enacted in 1986 . 3 : Days before the election set aside for Ohioans to vote in person . The Supreme Court rejected an appeal to block early voting . 15 : States which voiced support for the Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted , who was named in the lawsuit . John King : Who benefits from early voting ? 2 : Number of months before the election someone in North Carolina can vote . September 7 was the earliest start date for absentee voting in the United States . 30.3 : Percent of voters nationwide who voted early in 2008 . 10 : Percent increase in early voting from 2006 to 2008 . 26 million : Absentee ballots sent out by states in 2008 . 8.12 million : The estimated number of people who have already voted as of October 25 , according to Michael McDonald of the United States Election Project at George Mason University . 91 : Percent of domestic mailed ballots that were returned in 2008 . CNN 's Allison Brennan , Adam Levy and Robert Yoon contributed to this report	2 : Number of states with all mail-in voting . 3 : Days before the election set aside for Ohioans to vote in person . 30.3 : Percent of voters nationwide who voted early in 2008 . 8.12 million : The estimated number of people who have already voted as of October 25
CNN  -- Midway through this month 's Winter Olympic Games in Sochi , Russia , there was a bright and glorious full moon that lit the night sky high above the Earth . Down below , men and women from around the world competed for medals on behalf of their countries . As usual , special attention was paid to the contests between American and Russian athletes . On Sunday the closing ceremonies in Sochi will lower the curtain on the Winter Games . The ceremonies , as is tradition , are expected to center on two themes : competition , and the common ground that exists between different nations . The view of that full moon during the Olympics , though -- so far away from the sights and sounds of the athletic contests -- brought to mind an era , not so very long ago , when competition between the United States and what was then called the Soviet Union was a much more serious game than anything played out on ice rinks or ski slopes . There were two quotes that galvanized the world back then , two quotes that set the urgent game in motion . The first was from Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev . He spoke the words in 1958 , directed at Western nations and their capitalistic way of life . Translated from the Russian language , the words appeared in banner headlines in big cities and small towns across the United States : "  We will bury you . " In an America already on edge during the stare-down atmosphere of the Cold War , it is difficult to imagine Khrushchev 's warning being any more unequivocal than that . The second quote was from President John F. Kennedy , delivered in 1962 at Rice University . Even now , the concise confidence of his pledge , the contrast in tone from what Khrushchev had said , is stunning : "  We choose to go to the moon . " Just like that . That impossible thing -- that thing no one had ever done , that thing that all but defied dreams . And , in case anyone missed the extent of his determination , Kennedy explained why the United States was going to attempt such feats : "  not because they are easy , but because they are hard ... because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept , one we are unwilling to postpone , and one which we intend to win . " Talk about high stakes . The United States had been woefully behind the Soviets in the space race . Now the president was promising to go to the moon , not just someday , but "  in this decade . " It still seems almost beyond belief , except that it happened . The race into space that followed those two famous declarations -- "  We will bury you " and "  We choose to go to the moon " -- mesmerized the nation in ways difficult to describe for those who were not born in those years . There was one day in particular , early in the effort , when the United States was still trying to catch up with the Soviets and put a man into Earth 's orbit . It was in 1962 at Cape Canaveral , Florida . Walter Cronkite , reporting for the CBS television network , was doing his best to be dispassionate and objective as the giant Atlas rocket , with an American inside the tiny capsule atop it , thundered fearsomely into the skies . "  Flight seems to be on target so far , " Cronkite said . "  Looks like a good flight . " And then the emotion of it all , the importance of the contest at hand , overtook him . If it is possible for a baritone voice to keen , that 's what it sounded like : so unexpected and so right , a proud and almost prayerful keening as the rocket lifted : "  Oh , go , baby ! " Then , not long after , a disembodied voice from beyond where anyone could see , the voice of the man alone in the capsule , John Glenn , telling a waiting world that he was in orbit and had achieved weightlessness , that he was free of the Earth 's gravity . The sound of that faraway voice on that day , the flat Midwestern cadence , no more tense or jittery than if he were back in his hometown of New Concord , Ohio , ordering a cheeseburger and a milkshake at the corner hangout : "  Zero G , and I feel fine . " The United States would win the contest ; Kennedy was dead before the end of that decade , but , just as he had vowed , Americans walked on the moon by the time the 1970s commenced . There have been only 12 people in the history of humankind who have stepped onto the moon . All were Americans . The Soviets never made it . Was it worth the effort ? Have the fruits of the victory meant much , in the long run ? Those are questions for each American to decide for himself or herself . This month athletes from the United States and Russia have engaged in spirited and friendly competition at the Sochi Games . No one was threatening to bury the losers of the contests . It is Khrushchev himself who is now buried ; he has been gone since 1971 . Today , in space , Russian cosmonauts and American astronauts circle the Earth in harmony together , traveling aboard the International Space Station . A different world in which we all live . The old race -- the race to conquer space , that deadly earnest competition -- is consigned to history . On Sunday , two weeks of beautiful and immeasurably less momentous games will come to a close at a stadium in Russia . And above those games this month , there was that moon . A reminder of a time when , in ways sometimes difficult to recall , anything at all seemed somehow possible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says Olympics thankfully did n't echo 1960s competition between superpowers He says when Soviets , U.S. competed in space race , the goal galvanized Americans He says they saw Kennedy 's moon goal as repudiation of Khrushchev 's "  bury you " remark Greene : U.S. got there first ; today , there 's no race , just friendly competition , like in Sochi
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni says sectarian and chauvinistic cultural leaders are behind weekend attacks by people , armed mainly with machetes and spears , who killed security personnel and civilians in the western part of the country . Police raised the death toll to 90 on Tuesday afternoon . Hundreds have been arrested , police said , including cultural leaders of rival ethnic groups in the Rwenzori Mountains region and in the oil-rich Lake Albert region bordering the Democratic Republic of Congo . Most of the dead "  are attackers killed in a counterattack at a military camp in Bundibugyo district and civilians , " police spokesman Fred Enanga said . "  We have so far found 86 key suspects out of hundreds , and we continue with a cordon and search in the communities looking for 22 guns we lost . "  Most of guns were stolen at a police station and at a bank " where there are police guards and private guards , he added . In a statement Tuesday , Museveni said the killings were the result of "  schemes of some confused or a selfish bunch of people , " adding that 51 attackers and eight security force members are among the dead . "  On account of chauvinistic ideas being bandied around for so long , it seems some groups hatched this criminal scheme that has caused the deaths of so many people , " he wrote . While the attacks were dealt with by the police and army , Museveni said , "  of course , there was a failure of intelligence . " He asks : "  How did these people weave such a scheme without being preempted ? " Museveni says altogether , there were 13 daylight attacks across three districts in the Rwenzori Mountains and Lake Albert regions .	Hundreds have been arrested , police say 51 attackers are among the dead , President Yoweri Museveni says Many of the dead are civilians , and 8 security force members were killed , officials say In a statement , Museveni says "  there was a failure of intelligence "
CNN  -- The United States declined Monday to surrender an undisclosed number of detainees during the handover of a prison to Afghan control , a spokesman for the American-led coalition in Afghanistan said . The handover of Parwan prison at Bagram Air Base was the linchpin in a larger agreement that outlines the gradual transfer of power from U.S. forces to Afghanistan as American troops prepare to withdraw . A coalition official told CNN the United States is holding on to several Afghan detainees because of concerns about whether Afghan authorities will properly handle their cases and under what circumstances they might be released . The U.S. also is keeping several prisoners of other nationalities who were not part of the agreement , the source said . U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Afghan President Hamid Karzai spoke by telephone Monday about the brewing controversy . Pentagon spokesman George Little said the two leaders "  expressed a shared commitment to implement the terms of the memorandum of understanding on detention operations in Afghanistan . " Roughly 99 % of the detainees in custody before the agreement was signed in March have been turned over to Afghan authorities , Jamie Graybeal , a spokesman for coalition , said by telephone . "  We have paused the transfer of the remaining detainees until our concerns are met , " he said . Graybeal declined to release the number of detainees still in U.S. custody , citing operational security . The detainees in question are believed to be high-value Taliban and Haqqani network militants . The U.S. military has not publicly identified them . The U.S. military also is temporarily halting the handover of any detainees taken into custody after the agreement was signed in March . Graybeal did not outline what the concerns were or what steps needed to be taken before the U.S. military agreed to turnover the detainees . While the handover ceremony at Bagram occurred Monday despite the U.S. military 's refusal to surrender the detainees , the issue will likely be a sticking point between Afghan President Hamid Karzai and U.S. military leaders . Karzai has been adamant that all prisoners be under the control of Afghan authorities . As late as last week , there was an indication of a possible disagreement between Karzai and U.S. Marine Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO troops . In November , a loyal jirga , or grand assembly of Afghan elders , endorsed the continued presence of U.S. forces following the end of combat operations in 2014 , though only if the two countries could agree on the transfer of prisoners , the end to night raids and lifting immunity for U.S. troops accused of committing crimes . Karzai more recently released a statement following a meeting with Allen in which he said that under the agreement , "  the prison is now supposed to be transferred to Afghan government and thus any delay in its handover is considered a breach of Afghan national sovereignty . "	NEW : U.S. defense secretary , Afghan president talk by phone about controversy The United States handed over a prison at Bagram Air Base , a spokesman says The U.S. military is temporarily halting the handover of a number of detainees "  We have paused the transfer of the remaining detainees , " a spokesman says
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Brazil , rocked by recent nationwide protests , hosts two high-profile football games on Sunday in preparation for next year 's World Cup . On Saturday , there were demonstrations surrounding the Confederations Cup matches , a World Cup warm-up tournament involving eight nations . In the southeastern city of Belo Horizonte , outside the stadium where Japan and Mexico played , protesters flooded the streets and clashed with riot police . Brazil 's state-run news agency , Agencia Brasil , reported that approximately 66,000 people came to protest , according to military police . CNN affiliate Band News showed aerials of crowds clashing with riot police and police using rubber bullets and tear gas to keep protesters at bay . Smaller protests also occurred in other parts of Brazil on Saturday , a day after President Dilma Rousseff addressed the nation , warning that the government would not tolerate violence . In Salvador , a small crowd of peaceful demonstrators gathered outside the stadium where Brazil 's national football team won over Italy . Elsewhere , in Sao Paulo , military police estimated a crowd of 30,000 flooded the city 's main road , according to state-run Agencia Brasil . The protests over the weekend are part of a movement that has brought together Brazilians angered by their government . Protesters say the government is falling short in its duties to its citizens while spending lavishly on events such as the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympic Games . While most of the protests have remained peaceful , there have been reports of sporadic violence , which has resulted in two deaths . Public transportation fare hikes spurred the discontent weeks ago , but protests continued to escalate last week despite various state governments repealing the fare hikes . Until now , the government 's position has been to support the protests as peaceful freedom of expression . It is unclear whether there will be a shift if violent incidents mount and the unrest continues . On Friday , Rousseff announced that she planned to meet with leaders of the protest movement , but did not publicly detail when or where the meetings would take place . Her remarks followed an emergency meeting with her Cabinet .	Brazil hosts two Confederations Cup matches Sunday amid nationwide protests Protesters took to the streets on Saturday outside a match in Belo Horizonte Hundreds of thousands continue to protest despite president 's warnings against violence
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Four missing coal miners have "  very little chance " for survival in a southwest Pakistan mine that collapsed after a methane gas explosion Sunday , a government official said . At least 48 of the 52 miners in the mine were confirmed dead , but just 28 of the bodies had been recovered by Monday evening , according to Sardar Aslam Bizenjo , the minister for irrigation in Balochistan province . "  There is very little chance of survival for remaining four , " he said Monday . The mine in the Soringe area , 35 kilometers  about 22 miles  east of Quetta , caved in Sunday after the explosion .	NEW : "  Little chance " seen for four missing miners , an official says NEW : 28 bodies have been recovered , official says Methane gas explodes in a coal mine near Quetta in Pakistan
CNN  -- For more than a year and a half , Lakhdar Brahimi was at the front lines of talks between the two sides of Syria 's civil war . As the U.N.-Arab League special envoy to Syria , he doggedly pursued a political solution to the crisis , with little to show for it . And now , Brahimi is resigning from his post , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday . Ban accepted the envoy 's resignation "  with great regret , " he said , standing by Brahimi 's side at U.N. Headquarters in New York . The resignation is effective May 31 . The announcement came as a truce between Syrian rebels and the government showed signs of faltering . Rebels in Aleppo on Tuesday fired upon pro-government enclaves in that town in retaliation for Syrian troops earlier firing upon the opposition in Homs , according to the rebels and an opposition group . Brahimi had been apologetic before for the failure of peace talks but remained a highly regarded mediator . "  The resignation of Lakhdar Brahimi is further proof of the failure of international efforts to end the horrific bloodshed in Syria , " said Andy Baker , region program manager for Oxfam on the Syrian crisis . "  Perhaps it 's no coincidence that the peace envoy to Syria should step down when the prospect for a peaceful resolution seems as distant as ever . " The truce began last Wednesday in the strategic and symbolic city of Homs , where opposition fighters and their families underwent an evacuation , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights in London said . Those 600 fighters and their families were evacuated to Addar al-Kabira . But government forces shelled Addar al-Kabira this week , according to the opposition . "  The regime 's shelling of the town of Addar al-Kabira north of Homs , to where rebels of Homs retreated in line with a deal organized by the U.N. , makes evident the falsity of the truces that the Assad regime seeks to promote , " Nasser al-Hariri , a member of the Syrian Coalition , said in a statement Tuesday . He was referring to President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . On Monday , Syrian troops opened fire on al Waer , the last known opposition stronghold in Homs , killing at least one person , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . "  We consider the shelling of Waer a violation of the agreement , and it shows the government is not abiding by the truce on the ground , " a statement from the Ahl al Sham rebel command center said . "  We will respond to this violation by shelling Nubul and Zahraa , " two government enclaves in Aleppo , the statement said . The rebel Ahl al Sham fighting coalition in Aleppo posted video of fighters firing rockets into the two Aleppo neighborhoods , known to be sympathetic to the government . Originally , the opposition had agreed to allow aid into these pro-government neighborhoods , both Shiite enclaves , in exchange for the safe passage of fighters out of Homs .	NEW : U.N. secretary-general accepts the U.N.-Arab League envoy 's resignation Syrian rebels and the government agreed to a truce last week On Monday , government troops fired upon an opposition neighborhood in Homs On Tuesday , rebels shelled two pro-government neighborhoods in Aleppo , opposition says
CNN  -- The FBI will examine evidence and testimony from the trial of two California police officers acquitted this week in the beating death of a mentally ill homeless man to see whether his civil rights were violated , the agency said Tuesday . The FBI began its civil right investigation shortly after Kelly Thomas , 27 , died after a police beating in Fullerton , California , in July 2011 . The violent confrontation drew national attention because a surveillance camera showed a wailing Thomas being beaten , clubbed and stunned with a police Taser . He died five days later . "  In 2011 , the FBI opened an investigation to determine if Mr. Thomas ' civil rights were violated during the altercation with Fullerton police officers , " FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said in a prepared statement . "  With the conclusion of the state court trial , investigators will examine the evidence and testimony to determine if further investigation is warranted at the federal level . " On Monday , a jury in Santa Ana , California , acquitted former officer Manuel Ramos of second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter and former officer Jay Cicinelli of involuntary manslaughter and excessive use of force . The victim 's father , Ron Thomas has filed a wrongful death suit against the city and the six police officers involved in the fatal incident . After the verdict , he said the jury 's decision was "  carte blanche for police officers everywhere to beat us , kill us , whatever they want . " In a CNN interview Tuesday , Thomas called his son 's suffering "  unfathomable " and said he was outraged that the officers will "  get away with it completely . " "  In a matter of minutes , he was dying in a pool of his own blood , and yet they 're not guilty of even excessive force ? That 's unbelievable , unacceptable , " Thomas said . But John Barnett , the attorney for Ramos , said the officers "  had no malice in their heart " and the video was "  not the entire case . " "  They did as they were told . They did as they were taught , " he said . "  When we send these guys out into the night not knowing if they 're going to go home , we send them with instructions . When they follow those instructions and they do go home , they 're not guilty of murder . " Thomas called that "  garbage . " "  They should have been responsible for their own actions as police officers , " he said . In closing arguments at the trial , Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas told jurors that Ramos bore responsibility for Thomas ' death because he threatened the uncooperative homeless man . Ramos can be seen on the surveillance video putting on gloves and shaking his fist in Thomas ' face . Thomas , a lifelong resident of Fullerton , was shirtless , carrying a backpack and wearing long pants and slippers when Fullerton police were called to investigate a "  homeless " man looking into car windows and pulling door handles of parked cars at the city 's bus depot on July 5 , 2011 , according to the father 's lawsuit . A security camera at the downtown bus depot provided 16 minutes of video of the officers questioning and then beating Thomas , who was schizophrenic . Thomas ' mother , Cathy , who 's divorced from Thomas ' father , received $ 1 million in 2012 from the city of Fullerton 's insurance reserves in an agreement to settle her claim against the city in her son 's death , city officials said . Cathy Thomas released the city and its police officers from all potential claims , officials said . Ron Thomas said that since his son 's death , police must have special training to work with the mentally ill -- a move he said could "  correct all these things that could allow this to happen to Kelly . " Opinion : Cops must face justice in killing of homeless man	NEW : The father of a man beaten by police calls the officers ' acquittals "  unacceptable " The FBI will review evidence used in the trial of two former Fullerton police officers The FBI began a civil rights investigation in 2011 into a fatal beating of a homeless man This week , a jury acquitted the two former police officers in the beating death
CNN  -- Charlize Theron won an Oscar for covering up her beauty and finding grains of sympathy , as well as revulsion , for the serial killer Aileen Wuornos in "  Monster . " She deserves to win a second nomination for playing the sexy , unmoored , utterly reprehensible Mavis Gary in "  Young Adult . " Mavis is one of those people blessed with good looks , talent and brains , but whose sense of entitlement far outstrips any civilized social boundaries . She 's a pure narcissist , oblivious to other people 's feelings and contemptuous of any experience that does n't feed her own ego . In other words , Mavis is another monster , but a monster who can pass for beautiful with only a couple of hours in the salon . As we know  you see it spread all over the supermarket tabloids every week  , there 's a perverse thrill in watching one of the beautiful people fall apart . And there 's some of that same schadenfreude in play while watching the new black comedy from the "  Juno " combo , writer Diablo Cody and director Jason Reitman . Mavis is a ghostwriter for a successful young adult book series , and even that minor claim to fame is soon to be extinguished : The series is played out and the novel she is working on will be the last of them . Perhaps that 's why she feels compelled to head back home when she receives an e-mail from an ex-boyfriend , Buddy Slade  Patrick Wilson  , announcing the birth of his first child . Figuring , very , very , wrongly , that this message must be some kind of coded cry for help , Mavis hops into her Mini and heads straight to Mercury , Minnesota , where she grew up , and where she means to reconnect with Buddy and free him from his domesticated servitude . As plans go , this one has "  recipe for disaster " written all over it . But Mavis sees things differently : It 's all for love , a romantic quest , the oldest story in the book . First , though , she bumps into Matt  Patton Oswalt  , a broken-down part-time waiter with a bum leg , who claims to have had the locker next to hers all through high school . The cane is a giveaway - "  You 're the Hate Crime Guy ! " -- the hetero victim of a gay-bashing in senior year that left him crippled and understandably bitter . Reitman punctuates the movie with shots of Mavis putting on her camouflage : nail treatments , wardrobe choices . She has style and beauty at her fingertips . But the first time we see her we get a keener sense of this woman on a precipice : sprawled face down in bed , half undressed , hungover . It 's the difference between Mavis as she wants to be seen and as she really is , if she could only admit it . Matt is the only one she allows into her trust , either because she badly needs a drinking buddy and he has a distillery in his garage , or because she 's so far above him in any social criteria that she understands he poses no discernible threat . But she 's wrong about this , too  just as she 's wrong about everything  . Hovering somewhere between Jiminy Cricket and partner-in-crime , Matt is the movie 's comic safety valve . Oswalt steers a path for us , transfixed , attracted and appalled by this woman 's reckless , tunnel-vision trajectory . Oswald is also the beneficiary of Cody 's most sardonic one-liners , and could wind up with an Oscar nomination of his own . Once or twice Mavis is permitted a shred of insight . Reluctantly reunited with her parents , she softly confesses that she thinks she might be an alcoholic . They foolishly laugh off the revelation , which if nothing else suggests where she may have come by her capacity for denial . Then toward the end , when denial just wo n't wash any longer , she talks about the necessity for change . But again , she chooses the wrong confessor , and promptly reverts to type . It 's a brave movie that crushes our hopes of redemption so conclusively , and a promising indication that Reitman and Cody are growing up . It 's not hard to spot familiar feminist , or postfeminist themes from Cody 's "  Juno " and "  Jennifer 's Body " here , reworked with greater complexity and depth . Partly that 's a tribute to Theron 's performance , of course , which never once succumbs to the "  psychotic prom queen b **** " caricature that one character thinks she sees . Even when she 's at her worst  almost all the time  , there 's always an undertow of panic and disturbance in Mavis , the barely suppressed horror that time is running out and she 's thrown her eggs in the wrong basket . We may find it impossible to like her , but it 's easy to feel sorry for her .	Charlize Theron plays the sexy , unmoored , utterly reprehensible Mavis Gary in "  Young Adult " Mavis is a ghostwriter for a successful young adult book series She feels compelled to head back home when she receives an e-mail from an ex-boyfriend
CNN  -- Why is having an affair worse than being a sexual harasser ? Why does a woman 's claim that she had a 13-year extramarital romance with Herman Cain seem to be more deadly to his Republican presidential campaign than accusations by several other women that he aggressively pressured them for sex -- behavior that would be not only sleazy but criminal ? Cain himself has said that donations to his campaign have fallen off since the adultery allegations . This is a far cry from the surge of support that followed the allegations of harassment . Why is this ? My take is that working women who allege sexual harassment arouse fear in men , especially men who have conservative views about sex , marriage and women 's place at work and in the home . The guy in the office in the gray flannel suit fears that his taken-for-granted sexualization of the women in his workplace may be interpreted as harassment when he does n't want it to be . He does n't think he 's a bad guy , but ca n't imagine treating his female co-workers like , well , colleagues first and only , and not like ladies . He would never dream of harassing someone , and is terrified that the quick little pat on a co-worker 's butt or comment on her appearance wo n't be interpreted the way he means it , as just a sexual compliment . He thinks the women in his office might be infected with the crazy feminist idea that a little playing around makes for a chilly workplace climate . Reports of sexual harassment terrify him -- might he be charged next ? So he denies that such a thing exists . The rules really are n't that clear , and besides , he does n't really trust women to tell the truth . A consensual affair , on the other hand , is a lot easier to understand . It 's sleazy , something that a good tradition-bound husband recognizes and knows he can avoid , so he 's comfortable in holding that against Cain . But whom does an affair really hurt ? The victim in these new allegations , it seems to me , is Mrs. Cain , and so far , she seems to be the stand-by-your-guy sort of wife . And if she is hurt by the charges , she 's not likely to go public with the pain . Their children too might be hurt , and that too , is a family affair . I do n't really care who Mr. Cain is alleged to have slept with as long as she 's willing . This is not the first man who ran for president who has ever had an affair . In fact , it might be a good parlor game to try to find one that has n't . My guess is that there is n't a strong relationship , historically , between being a good president and never having had an extra-marital affair . Women simply have n't been that important ; the wives and the mistresses have not been their men 's equal , but merely their mates . Perhaps that 's changing in the 21st Century . I hope so . But I 'm not putting my money on it . And whom does sexual harassment really hurt ? Every woman who works for a living . Every time a high profile man gets away with treating women who work with  or especially for  him primarily as sexual objects , and not as workmates , every woman who works for a living is reminded that she too is at risk . When women make public charges , they go on public trial themselves , with their pasts mined for anything that might discredit them . Have they ever gone bankrupt or lost a job ? Intimate details of their lives are held under the microscope . Why should their past matter ? The issue is whether a man in authority misused his power to coerce sexual favors from a subordinate or take other liberties . If women make a charge , they have to live with an assault on their own character . The guy down the hall needs to learn one very simple lesson : Treat your female colleagues just as you would treat the guys . If you pat the guys on the head , and put your arm around them , or pat their butt to show you like their outfit , go ahead and do it to the "  girls " in the office . But if not , keep your hands to yourself , and learn to treat the women you work with like colleagues , not ladies . If every man learns to treat women in the workforce as , well , regular people , the fear of behavior being "  misinterpreted " as a sexual harasser will disappear . No one should make a sexual overture to a subordinate , a gay man should n't come on to his male assistant , and a heterosexual woman should n't hit on her male secretary . No one likes a sleazy cheat . But harassing women who work for you is far more than sleazy . It is criminal . It 's time for a fourth wave feminist movement to create a world where being a woman does n't mean you are treated differently at the office . When that world comes , we will be finally be in a post-feminist era . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barbara Risman .	Barbara Risman : Why do Cain adultery accusations seem to stick , but not harassment ones ? She says men dismiss harassment because of worry about own workplace actions She says adultery hurts the spouse ; harassment hurts every woman in a workplace Risman : We will have a real post-feminist era when workers all treat colleagues the same way
A suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest blew himself up among mourners inside a funeral tent on a farm about 12 miles north of Baghdad , Iraq , on Monday , according to police . At least 21 people were killed and 35 others injured at the funeral in al Taji , a mostly Sunni district , officials said . The funeral was for a member of the local Awakening Council , a group also known as the Sons of Iraq and Sahawat , made up of Sunni Arab fighters who turned against al Qaeda . Iraqi security forces believe that ISIS militants were behind the attack . Awakening Councils are U.S.-backed groups that have been active in Iraq since 2006 . A few years ago , the councils were credited as being a major factor in a drop in violence across Iraq , but council members have also become targets for jihadists .	A suicide bomber blows himself up at a funeral north of Baghdad At least 21 people die and 35 are injured , police said The funeral was for a member of a Sunni group that has turned against al Qaeda Iraqi security believes ISIS militants are behind the bombing
CNN  -- Last month , the New York Times published an article in its Sunday Styles section with the headline "  Sex on Campus : She Can Play That Game , Too . " It focused on what it called the casual hookup culture at my school , the University of Pennsylvania , where I am a junior . It found that many students see relationships from a purely economic standpoint , subjecting partners to a cost-benefit analysis that ultimately puts sex above romance . The piece sparked a furious response from students and alumni over its depiction of Penn women , including articles in Cosmopolitan , the Huffington Post and the Daily Pennsylvanian , our student paper . They criticized the article 's sweeping generalizations about young women 's sexuality and its blasÃ © conclusions about the men on campus . A section inaptly titled "  The Default Is Yes " claims that , when alcohol is involved , guys cross the line . The author , Kate Taylor , describes an environment in which men take advantage of young , drunk women and then brag about it to their friends , suggesting that this behavior is the norm in an alcohol-driven "  frat " culture . But not one male student was quoted in the article . I understand that men were not the focus of the piece , but when an article header is titled "  The Default Is Yes , " the men of Penn must stand up for themselves . Opinion : Young adults and a hookup culture Here 's the reality : Not only does Penn have more than 30 fraternities representing a multitude of interests , but the members of these groups span the full range of ethnic , racial and sexual spectrums . Furthermore , as a collective student body , we take consent very seriously . Groups like One in Four , an all-male peer-education group that , according to its Facebook page , "  focuses on sexual assault awareness and rape prevention , " includes students from both Greek and non-Greek organizations . This past year , Penn hosted a Sex Week to initiate a dialogue on campus about sexuality . Take Back the Night , an international movement and rally opposing violence against women and sexual assault , was the centerpiece of the event . The incidents presented in the article -- a guy "  scoring " while his partner is unconscious and a young woman forced into oral sex -- are undeniably awful . If 10 to 16 forcible sex offenses were reported annually between 2009 and 2011 , then we know there must have been many others that went unreported . These numbers were enough to spur the formation of a faculty-led commission to address alcohol and drug related sexual violence , but it is an issue that goes beyond policy changes . The students at Penn , not just this commission , are well aware that there is a problem , but it is a problem that we are committed to solving . There are men who speak out against violence ; there are men who want monogamous relationships ; there are men in fraternities who walk girls back to their dorms and make sure that they are OK , never even thinking of taking advantage of the situation . The default answer is not yes , because there is a host of college students who admire the women with whom they go to school and refuse to blame sexual violence on alcohol . These women are future world leaders and innovators who might not feel like they have time for a relationship at this stage of their lives , and we respect them even more for making that decision . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Yellin .	Daniel Yellin . An article depicted UPenn culture of female students casually "  hooking up " He says article portrayed male students as taking advantage of drunk women , bragging about it He says characterization is unfair ; college takes consent seriously Yellin : Many young men would n't dream of mistreating women ; they respect women 's decisions
CNN  -- One mall Santa might be getting some coal in his stocking this year . Last week , Santa Claus and a helper elf from The Shops at Mission Viejo in California turned away a 7-year-old girl with autism and her service dog , a pit bull named Pup-Cake . According to the Orange County Register , Abcde Santos , who pronounces her first name "  ab-suh-dee , " and Pup-Cake stood in line for 30 minutes to meet with the unnamed mall Santa . But he declined to meet the girl because he feared the 5-year-old pit bull . "  After the Santos family offered to remove the dog from the area , the building , Santa still refused to see the child , " Julie Miller , a family friend who runs a Facebook page dedicated to Pup-Cake and service animals , told the Register . "  Autism is accompanied by many sensory issues , included self-harm behaviors and feeling overwhelmed at times by lights , sounds , especially when waiting , " according to the dog 's Facebook page . "  Pup-cake the service dog 's job is to intervene in those moments . " Word of the diss led to a viral campaign , #savePupcakesChristmas , with sympathizers angered over the incident posting comments on the Facebook page for The Shops at Mission Viejo . The mall posted a statement that said , "  We share in your concerns regarding the situation today involving a Santa at The Shops at Mission Viejo . We do not condone the behavior displayed by Santa and have worked with our partners at Noerr , the company that hires our Santas , to replace this Santa with one that is more compassionate to our guests ' needs . " It later shared a note from Miller about how property management and the mall had moved swiftly to correct the Bad Santa problem . The mall added , "  We look forward to welcoming back the Santos family and Pup-Cake for a special Santa experience . " A representative for the Noerr Programs , which provided the Santa and helper , said the pair have been transferred and given other duties . "  For 26 years , The Noerr Programs has devoted itself to sharing the heart of Santa through the creation of magical Christmas experiences for all children and their families , " CEO Judy Noerr said in a statement . "  The entire team at The Noerr Programs sincerely apologizes for any distress caused by this situation , and truly regrets the incident . We have reached out to the girl 's family , in an effort to extend a private Santa visit with complimentary photos of both the child and her service dog . " The Santos family has declined to be interviewed . Miller told the paper the family is pleased with the decision to replace the Santa and hopes it will lead to better awareness . "  They want people to get educated not about autism or pit bulls , but about the disabilities act so that little girls like Abcde wo n't go and see Santa and end up crying , " she said .	A mall Santa in California reportedly turned away a child The 7-year-old has autism and a pit bull as a service dog Santa company says he and his helper elf have been assigned other duties
Budget Travel  -- On your next trip , you could be checking into a wine cask , a salvaged 727 airplane , or a room where the furniture defies the law of gravity . The casks at the Hotel De Vrouwe Van Stavoren in the Netherlands once held the equivalent of 19,333 bottles of wine . Upside-down stay At Berlin 's Propeller Island City Lodge , each of the 30 rooms is weird in its own way . The artist-owner , Lars Stroschen , has seen to that . One room , the first built , is made to look like a brightly painted medieval town , with an ultra-mini golf course surrounding the castle bed . Another has furniture attached to the ceiling , another has coffins for beds , and still another has lion cages on stilts  the Web site claims that kids "  love to sleep " in them  . Then there 's the Freedom Room , which resembles a prison , complete with a toilet next to the bed -- oh , that German humor ! 011-49/30 -891 -90 -16 , propeller-island . com . A place to unwine 'd When they were owned by a Swiss château , the four enormous casks on the grounds of the Hotel De Vrouwe Van Stavoren in the Netherlands held the equivalent of 19,333 bottles of wine . Now , after some creative recycling , it 's guests rather than booze that mellow out inside the casks . The richly worn and airtight oak barrels have two narrow beds , with a small sitting area outside . The grounds are quite close to tiny Stavoren 's harbor , which was a major port in the Middle Ages . 011-31/51 -46 -81 -202 , hotel-vrouwevanstavoren . nl . A bad trip  with none of the consequences The daughter of Ho Chi Minh 's number two masterminded the Hang Nga Guest House and Art Gallery , a complex that more than earns its local nickname , the Crazy House . This LSD nightmare 's three main buildings are Gaudi-esque concrete treehouse-like growths that appear as if they flowed organically out of the ground . Inside , the walls seem to dissolve into the floor , and right angles are avoided entirely . Each guest room is built around a different animal theme : the Eagle Room has a big-beaked bird standing atop a huge egg , while another has arm-sized ants crawling up the wall . The animal theme continues outside -- a large giraffe statue on the property contains a teahouse , and human-size "  spider webs " are set up here and there . 011-84/63 -82 -20 -70 . Budget Travel : Check out these unusual hotels In a league of its own Hydrophobics should stay far from Jules ' Undersea Lodge , named for novelist Jules Verne of "  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea " fame . The 600-square-foot lodge , a former marine lab , is 21 feet underwater , close to the bottom of the mangrove-filled Emerald Lagoon , in Key Largo . You 'll have to know how to scuba dive to reach your room , and guests without the mandatory certification must take a course at the hotel . Once you 've reached the lodge , which sleeps up to six , you 'll be close to angelfish , anemones , barracuda , oysters , and other creatures -- each room is equipped with a 42-inch window , so you do n't need to be suited up to keep an eye on the neighborhood . 305/451 -2353 , jul.com . Crash in a jet plane Near a beach that 's within Manuel Antonio National Park , the Hotel Costa Verde does n't lack for great sights . But few are as amazing as its own 727 Fuselage Suite , a salvaged 1965 Boeing 727-100 that looks as if it 's crashed into the Costa Rican jungle  it 's actually mounted atop a 50-foot pillar and reached via a spiral staircase  . The jet 's interior was once able to hold up to 125 passengers , but there are few reminders left of its days in the service of South African Airways and Colombia 's Avianca Airlines . The suite 's two bedrooms , dining area , and sitting room are now covered over entirely in teak to match the surroundings . Guests can play "  spot the toucan " on the small wood deck that sits on top of the right wing . 011-506/27 -77 -05 -84 or 866/854 -7958 , costaverde.com/727.html . Your escape pod awaits Colored bright-orange for easy visibility , the '70s - era escape pods that make up the Capsule Hotel once hung outside oil rigs , ready to be deployed in case of an evacuation . Recycled by self-proclaimed "  garbage architect " Denis Oudendijk , the fleet of pods now rotates among different moorings in the Netherlands and elsewhere in Europe . At the moment , two are in the western Dutch town of Vlissingen and another is in The Hague . For a kind of James Bond-meets-Barbarella twist , opt to book your pod with a disco ball and all the spy 's movies on DVD . It 's a super-kitschy nod to a similar pod 's appearance in "  The Spy Who Loved Me . " 011-31/641 -76 -55 -60 , capsulehotel.info . On the road again Imagine how much ground you could cover if you took your bed with you . That 's the idea behind Exploranter Overland Hotel , a converted 25-ton truck that 's a true hotel on wheels in Brazil . An awning extends out from the truck 's side to provide some al fresco shade at lunchtime . The "  kitchen " comes tricked out with fridges , freezers , and a large convection oven -- on this trip , the restaurant comes with you too , and sometimes nearby cooks are brought in to give guests a taste of the local cuisine . Your luggage and sleeping quarters are towed behind you , in a trailer that sleeps up to 24 . With so much flexibility , guests can see Brazil 's back country , far from crowds and sometimes any other people at all . The tours , which last from three days up to three months or more , have included horseback riding , vineyard tours , bird watching , and rodeos . 011-55/11 -99 -38 -00 -58 , exploranter.com . Where the penthouse is a trailer park Cape Town , South Africa 's sleek Grand Daddy hotel has a surprise on its roof : a fleet of seven Airstream trailers , six of which were imported from the U.S. . The aluminum-clad "  rooms , " which sleep two people , have been done in playful themes that incorporate icons like "  Goldilocks and the Three Bears "  a blonde wig and a bear suit are available for dress-up  , and John Lennon and Yoko Ono  the room 's white-on-white furnishings include an enormous bed , natch  . If you do n't want to stray as far from the trailers ' original looks , there 's the Pleasantville model , an Eisenhower-era fantasia with chintz , harvest-gold curtains , and flower-covered throw pillows . 011-27/21 -424 -7247 , granddaddy.co.za . STILL WEIRD ! Meet the giraffes  from the 2008 edition Without sacrificing its estate-in-the-country dignity -- or all of it , anyway -- Giraffe Manor in Langata , Kenya , is arranged so that roaming giraffes can poke their heads into any open window or doorway with impunity and lather guests with their sticky , prehensile tongues . Your guesthouse is their guesthouse , so the silly creatures pop up everywhere , including over the breakfast table , in the lobby , and through the curtains of the five guest rooms for adults . 011-254/20 -890 -948 , off-hours 011-254/20 -891 -078 , giraffemanor.com . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Guests can mellow out inside wine casks in the Netherlands A sleek Cape Town , South Africa , hotel has an Airstream trailer park on the roof A Costa Rica hotel offers stays inside a salvaged airplane
Washington  CNN  -- Top White House and congressional negotiators failed to reach agreement Tuesday on a spending plan for the rest of the current fiscal year , bringing the federal government closer to a shutdown at the end of the week . Key Democrats rejected a Republican proposal to keep the government running for one more week at the cost of an additional $ 12 billion in cuts . Republicans , meanwhile , dismissed Democrats ' insistence that there had been an agreement to cut $ 33 billion for the rest of the fiscal year . If there is no deal by midnight Friday , when the current spending authorization measure expires , parts of the government will close down . Later Tuesday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker John Boehner met privately to discuss the matter . Statements issued by each of their offices described the talks as "  productive " and said they agreed to continue working to find a solution . The budget brinksmanship showed the political stakes of the situation , with both parties trying to depict the other as unwilling to do what 's right for the country . Republicans , under pressure from the conservative Tea Party movement for deep cuts that will reduce the size of government , blame Democrats for failing to pass a fiscal year 2011 budget last year when they controlled both congressional chambers and say that President Barack Obama and his party are ignoring the peril of the rising federal deficits and national debt . Democrats contend that spending cuts sought by House Republicans in response to the Tea Party movement pressure will harm economic recovery and slash education and innovation programs essential for continued growth . Obama and Reid , D-Nevada , both insisted Tuesday that Democrats are agreeing to more than 50 % of the spending cuts sought by Republicans , which they said should be sufficient for a compromise on an issue that has little overall effect on the deficit and debt issues . Obama discussed the growing budget crisis behind closed doors at the White House with key House and Senate leaders . The president met with two Republicans , Boehner and House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers of Kentucky , and two Democrats , Reid and Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Daniel Inouye of Hawaii . The president then made an unannounced appearance in the White House briefing room to tell reporters that Boehner and Reid would meet on their own later in the day . Obama said that if the two men failed to make progress on their own , he expected them to return to the White House on Wednesday . And "  if that does n't work , we 'll invite them again the day after that , " the president promised . "  There 's no reason why we should not get this done . " The administration will put in "  whatever resources are required in terms of time and energy " to reach an agreement , Obama said . But what "  we ca n't do is have a ` my way or the highway ' approach to this problem , " he added . "  If we start applying that approach ... we 're not going to get anything done . " Obama also said he could support one more short-term funding extension to avert a partial shutdown , but only if a deal is reached on spending for the rest of the current fiscal year , which ends September 30 . He and Reid rejected the GOP proposal for a seven-day extension that would include $ 12 billion in spending cuts while providing the military with funding for the rest of the fiscal year , but Reid added he would consider amending the measure if it reached the Senate in time for action before the current spending resolution expires . Reid also said House Republicans should start doing "  what the country needs , not what the Tea Party wants , " noting the Democratic-controlled Senate rejected a House spending bill favored by conservatives that would cut $ 61 billion in discretionary spending this fiscal year . Democrats consider that bill draconian , complaining that , among other things , it would cut key programs for continued economic recovery while eliminating funding for others opposed by conservatives , such as Planned Parenthood and National Public Radio . Boehner , meanwhile , insisted House Republicans would n't let Senate Democrats and the White House put them "  in a box " by forcing them to choose between a government shutdown or continued government funding with insufficient spending cuts . "  We want the largest spending cuts that are possible , " said Boehner , R-Ohio . "  We 're going to continue to fight for those . " Boehner also said he would not drop the GOP 's insistence on including provisions relating to hot-button social issues such as abortion , calling them important to his conservative caucus . Democrats oppose the so-called "  policy riders " in the spending bill . The speaker cast aside assertions by Obama and Reid that they had already given the GOP over half of what it initially wanted in terms of cuts , saying the Democrats were using "  smoke and mirrors to get there . " "  Our goal is to keep the government open , " Boehner insisted . "  We have no interest in the government shutting down , but we are interested in cutting spending . " As the potential for a shutdown grew , an aide to Boehner said the lawmaker also told House Administration Committee Chairman Dan Lungren , R-California , to issue guidance to all members on how the House would operate in the event of a government shutdown . Meanwhile , the U.S. Office of Personnel Management posted information about how a shutdown would affect federal employees on its website Tuesday . The posting said that most federal workers paid with funds appropriated by Congress will go on temporary furlough in the event of a shutdown . It would be up to Congress to decide if furloughed workers get paid for the work time missed when the shutdown ends , the posting said . Health benefits continue if the shutdown lasts for less than a year , it said . A senior Democratic source with knowledge of the ongoing negotiations said the biggest obstacle to a deal involves whether reductions in mandatory spending programs , known in appropriations parlance as "  Changes in Mandatory Spending " or CHIMPS , should be part of spending cuts . Examples of mandatory spending programs include Pell grants , the Children 's Health Insurance Program and some types of highway funding . Such programs are funded for multiple years at a time , with the spending set for the time period covered , exempt from congressional authorization each year . According to the senior Democratic source , the chiefs of staff to Inouye and Rogers negotiated throughout the weekend , and the gap between them is about $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion . Democratic sources said they want about half the overall cuts in this spending bill to come from mandatory spending programs , and that they have proposed the necessary reductions in programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture , the Justice Department , the Treasury Department and Pell Grants . Republicans , who want any spending cuts to reflect a reduction in the size of government , note that reducing the spending in a mandatory program for one year does n't prevent the amount from returning to its original level the following year . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett contributed to this report	NEW : Federal workers paid by appropriated funds will be furloughed in a shutdown Reid and Boehner meet and agree to keep working on a solution White House , congressional budget negotiations fail to reach an agreement Without an agreement , the government will shut down after Friday
CNN  -- A Philippine government convoy was ambushed by gunmen Thursday in the same province that saw the bloody massacre of 57 people last month , a Philippine military spokesman said . The convoy was on its way back from a raid on the compound of former governor Andal Ampatuan Sr. in Maguindanao province , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang said . No one was injured in the attack , he said . "  They were about to take the evidence to General Santos City when they were ambushed in the same municipality  where  the massacre took place , " Cabangbang said . "  The convoy was able to return fire and the gunmen scampered , " he added . The attack occurred at 7:30 p.m. local time  6:30 a.m. ET  and Philippine military personnel were still in the area conducting search operations several hours later , he said . "  We surmise that these are men who are still loyal to the governor trying to recover what we took from the governor 's compound , " Cabangbang said . Thousands of rounds of ammunition and several firearms were recovered from the compound , Cabangbang said . Maguindanao province is the same place where 57 people , including 30 journalists , were massacred on November 23 . That attack , authorities have said , was an apparent attempt to keep a political opponent of the Ampatuan clan from registering to run for governor . Philippine police say that at least two people who were at the scene of the massacre have implicated a mayor as being involved in the killings , state media reported Thursday . The two are among 161 suspects in the killings in the southern province . Some of the suspects are in custody ; others are being sought , the Philippines News Agency said . Immediately after the killings , suspicion fell on Andal Ampatuan Jr. , the mayor of Datu Unsay municipality and the son of the powerful governor of Maguindanao . Authorities have recommended that Ampatuan be charged with 25 counts of murder . "  We have two  witnesses  . Because they were in the crime scene , these two have direct testimony linking the mayor to the crime , " the country 's National Police Director Raul Castaneda was quoted as saying by the news agency . Also on Thursday , 75 civilians , including children , were kidnapped in the region where the massacre took place , authorities said . Several rebel groups there are fighting for different causes . Seventeen children and an adult were freed soon after , and negotiations continued to secure the release of the rest , said Army Capt. Enrico Ileto . The abductions took place Thursday afternoon in Prosperidad , the capital of Agusan del Sur province . The November 23 massacre took place on the other side of the island . There are no indications that the two incidents are related . Alongside Muslim separatist groups that have been fighting for an independent Islamic state in the region , communist rebels are engaged in a 40-year insurgency there . The Philippine Congress met Thursday for a second day in a joint session as lawmakers questioned President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo 's Cabinet members about a martial law that was imposed on the province Friday . The martial law allows arrests without a warrant . The army has said it is necessary to impose peace following what has been called a politically motivated massacre . Critics contend that it sets a dangerous precedent . Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the country . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . The victims included the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Joyce Joseph and Sarita Harilela contributed to this report .	Philippine government convoy ambushed in same province as massacre Convoy was returning from raid on compound of former provincial governor 57 people killed in Maguindanao in apparently politically-motivated attack Separately , 75 civilians kidnapped from a region in southern Philippines
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Crichton , who helped create the TV show "  ER " and wrote the best-sellers "  Jurassic Park , " "  The Andromeda Strain , " "  Sphere " and "  Rising Sun , " has died in Los Angeles , his public relations firm said in a news release . Michael Crichton , here in 2005 , was a director and best-selling author . He co-created the TV series "  ER . " Crichton died unexpectedly Tuesday "  after a courageous and private battle against cancer , " the release said . He was 66 . Crichton , a medical doctor , was attracted to cautionary science tales . Watch more about the life of Crichton " "  Jurassic Park " -- perhaps his best-known work -- concerned capturing the DNA of dinosaurs and bringing them to life on a modern island , where they soon run amok ; "  The Andromeda Strain , " his first major fiction success , involves an alien microorganism that 's studied in a special military compound after causing death in a nearby community . Crichton also invited controversy with some of his scientific views . He was an avowed skeptic of global climate change , giving lectures warning against "  consensus science . " He later took on global warming and the theories surrounding it in his 2004 novel , "  State of Fear , " which attracted attacks in its own right from scientists , including NASA climatologist James Hansen . iReport.com : Were you a fan ? Share your tributes . Crichton was a distinctive figure in the entertainment business , a trained physician whose interests included writing , filmmaking and television .  He was physically distinctive as well , standing 6 feet 9 inches . He published "  The Andromeda Strain " while he was still a medical student at Harvard Medical School . He wrote a story about a 19th-century train robbery , called "  The Great Train Robbery , " and then directed the 1979 film version . He also directed several other films , including "  Westworld "  1973  , "  Coma "  1978  , "  Looker "  1981  and "  Runaway "  1984  . In 1993 , while working on the film version of "  Jurassic Park " with Steven Spielberg , he teamed with the director to create "  ER . " The NBC series set in a Chicago emergency room debuted in 1994 and became a huge hit , making a star of George Clooney . Crichton originally wrote the script for the pilot in 1974 . "  Michael 's talent out-scaled even his own dinosaurs of ` Jurassic Park , ' " said Spielberg , a friend of Crichton 's for 40 years , according to The Associated Press . "  He was the greatest at blending science with big theatrical concepts , which is what gave credibility to dinosaurs again walking the Earth . ... Michael was a gentle soul who reserved his flamboyant side for his novels . There is no one in the wings that will ever take his place . " Crichton was "  an extraordinary man . Brilliant , funny , erudite , gracious , exceptionally inquisitive and always thoughtful , " "  ER " executive producer John Wells told the AP . "  No lunch with Michael lasted less than three hours and no subject was too prosaic or obscure to attract his interest . Sexual politics , medical and scientific ethics , anthropology , archaeology , economics , astronomy , astrology , quantum physics , and molecular biology were all regular topics of conversation . " Michael Crichton was born in Chicago in 1942 and grew up in New York 's suburbs . His father was a journalist and Michael loved the writing profession . He went to medical school partly out of a concern he would n't be able to make writing a career , but the success of "  The Andromeda Strain " in 1969 -- the book was chosen by the Book-of-the-Month Club and optioned by Hollywood -- made him change his mind , though he still had an M.D. Though most of Crichton 's books were major best-sellers involving science , he could ruffle feathers when he took on social issues . "  Rising Sun "  1992  came out during a time when Americans feared Japanese ascendance , particularly when it came to technology . "  Disclosure "  1994  was about a sexual harassment case . iReport.com : How did Crichton 's work affect you ? Share your tributes Crichton won an Emmy , a Peabody , a Writers Guild of America Award for "  ER , " and won other awards as well . "  Through his books , Michael Crichton served as an inspiration to students of all ages , challenged scientists in many fields , and illuminated the mysteries of the world in a way we could all understand , " the news release said . Crichton was married five times and had one child . A private funeral service is expected .	Michael Crichton wrote several best-sellers , including "  Jurassic Park " Crichton , a physician , also helped create hit TV show "  ER " Crichton died after "  courageous and private battle against cancer , " release says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two Pakistani girls who were injured in an attack that nearly took the life of their classmate , schoolgirl activist Malala Yousufzai , are to be honored with a medal of courage , Interior Minister Rehman Malik said Saturday . Kainat Riaz Ahmed and Shazia Ramzan were both hurt in the ambush on October 9 , when armed thugs stopped their school van in the Taliban-held Swat Valley . The medal , known as Sitara-e - jurrat , or star of courage , is the third highest military award in Pakistan and is not normally given to civilians . The militants ' target , Malala , was well-known for her efforts to encourage her fellow Pakistanis to stand up to the Taliban , who have been trying to push girls from classrooms . The attack prompted anger against the Taliban and an outpouring of support for Malala , both in Pakistan , where thousands rallied in her name , and internationally . Speaking to CNN from her hospital bed a week after the attack , Kainat , who was shot in the upper right arm , echoed Malala 's message . Malala is face of global attacks on schools "  I want to tell all the girls to continue their mission to get an education , " Kainat told CNN . "  Girls ' education here is more important than boys ' because boys can do any sort of work . However , girls ca n't just do any sort of job . Girls must have respectful jobs so that they can feel secure . " And the 16-year-old said she had no regrets about defying a group that wants to stop girls from learning . "  God willing , I will continue my education , " she said . On Monday , Malik visited the British hospital where Malala was flown for treatment days after she was shot in the head . She has made good progress since her transfer , but medical staff have said she has a long road ahead to a full recovery . She is expected to undergo reconstructive surgery to her skull once she is strong enough . Malik said he hoped Malala would recover soon and that her family would support her in this difficult time . The family is not settling in the United Kingdom but remains there while Malala is recovering , he added . Malik said Saturday that the government was very close to catching Ihsanullah Ihsan , the spokesman for the Pakistan Taliban . The Taliban , who claimed responsibility for the attack , issued a statement online saying that if Malala lived , they would come after her again . Police said this week they suspect two boys of being behind the attack but did not name them . They are also seeking a man they say drove the youths to the van . Malik identified the adult suspect as Attah Ullah Khan , 23 , but he did not name the boys . Khan is a masters ' chemistry student , police said . Pakistani Taliban target female students with acid attack CNN 's Rezah Sayah contributed to this report .	Kainat Riaz Ahmed and Shazia Ramzan are to be honored for bravery , a minister says The Sitara-e - jurrat , or star of courage , is the third highest military award in Pakistan The girls were injured along with Malala Yousufzai in an attack on their school van Malala 's efforts to ensure girls ' rights to education have won international acclaim
Armed drones . Mass graves . Kirkuk 's effective annexation . The Iraq crisis escalated Friday . A U.S. official confirmed to CNN that armed American drones started flying over Baghdad in the previous 24 hours to provide additional protection for 180 U.S. military advisers in the area . Until now , U.S. officials had said all drone reconnaissance flights over Iraq were unarmed . Using the drones for any offensive strikes against insurgent Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fighters would continue to require approval from U.S. President Barack Obama . Also on Friday , Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani said disputed areas in northern Iraq , including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk , are part of the Kurdish autonomous region from now on after the Iraqi central government failed to hold a long-awaited referendum . Earlier this month , the Iraqi army withdrew from Kirkuk and Kurdish Peshmerga forces took control of the city and small villages in the areas as ISIS carried out a lightning offensive and took several cities in northern Iraq . Barzani : ` We have waited for more than 10 years ' The move could complicate efforts by the United States and its allies to get Iraqi leaders to form a new government representing all three major population groups -- Sunnis , Shias and Kurds . Barzani , the President of the Kurdistan region , cited the failure by the Iraqi government to hold a constitutionally mandated referendum on the status of Kirkuk and nearby villages . "  We have waited for more than 10 years for the Iraqi federal government to address and solve the issue of these areas covered by Article 140 , but it was of no avail , " Barzani said at a joint appearance with British Foreign Secretary William Hague . According to Article 140 of the 2005 Iraqi Constitution , which was drawn up two years after the ouster of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein , a referendum would determine the final status of several disputed areas such as Kirkuk and small villages in Nineveh , Diyala and Salaheddin claimed by the central government and the Kurdistan regional government . However , the vote never took place because of instability in most of the disputed areas . MAPS : How to understand the Iraq crisis The news came on the same day that Human Rights Watch said two mass graves believed to contain the bodies of Iraqi soldiers , police and civilians killed by the Sunni ISIS fighters and their militant allies have been discovered in Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit . Claims of atrocities by both sides have increased as the conflict widens in Iraq . Reports of killings ` deeply alarming ' Earlier Friday , Amnesty International released a report saying it has evidence pointing to a pattern of "  extrajudicial executions " of Sunni detainees by government forces and Shiite militias in the northern Iraqi cities of Tal Afar , Mosul and Baquba . "  Reports of multiple incidents where Sunni detainees have been killed in cold blood while in the custody of Iraqi forces are deeply alarming , " said Donatella Rovera , Amnesty International 's senior crisis response adviser , who is currently in northern Iraq . "  The killings suggest a worrying pattern of reprisal attacks against Sunnis in retaliation for ISIS gains . " Meanwhile , witnesses said gunmen shot down an Iraqi military helicopter with an anti-aircraft weapon placed on a truck near Salaheddin University in Tikrit , about 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of Baghdad . The Iraqi Defense Ministry denied the helicopter was shot down . Prime Minister : We needed U.S. jets The developments follow news that Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki told British broadcaster BBC that ISIS advances may have been avoided if Iraq had proper air cover in the form of fighter jets the country has been trying to secure from the United States for some time . "  I 'll be frank and say that we were deluded when we signed the contract " with the United States , al-Maliki told the BBC in an interview this week that was released early Friday . Iraq has now turned to Russia and Belarus to buy fighter jets , he said . "  God willing , within one week , this force will be effective and will destroy the terrorists ' dens , " he said . Iraqi Ambassador Lukman Faily told CNN 's "  New Day " that his nation appreciated the help it has received from Washington but now faces "  an immediate threat . " "  We do n't have the luxury of waiting ; we need the support now , " Faily said . American and Arab diplomats tell CNN that the United States is unlikely to undertake any military strikes against ISIS and its allied fighters before a new government is formed in Iraq . But that is unlikely to happen quickly . Parliament resumes Tuesday , and al-Maliki 's political party controls 90 seats , the largest block of seats in parliament after April 's elections . To form a government requires a majority of at least 165 seats . Obama has promised Iraq the aid of 300 U.S. military personnel to advise and train Iraq 's security forces after a near collapse in the face of the lightning ISIS advance in northern and western Iraq . But there have been no U.S. airstrikes , something that Iraq 's military commanders have said is desperately needed . Claims of prisoner executions At the same time , disturbing claims have surfaced , with detainees and relatives of those killed providing graphic accounts that suggest Iraqi forces killed Sunni detainees before withdrawing from Tal Afar and Mosul . Both cities are under the control of ISIS , and Iraqi security forces and Shiite militias have been battling ISIS and militant allies in Baquba . "  Even in the midst of war there are rules that must never be transgressed . " Rovera said . "  Killing prisoners is a war crime . The government must immediately order an impartial and independent investigation into the killings , and ensure that those responsible are brought to justice . " Abdul-Sittar al-Birqdar , spokesman for Iraq 's Supreme Judicial Council that oversees the country 's judicial system , said the government knew of the Amnesty International allegations but had yet to see any evidence . "  At this stage , this is all just media reporting , " he told CNN on Friday . "  No witnesses have come forward , and no families have come forward with such claims . No one has officially asked for an investigation . " He called for the rights group to provide evidence , saying that "  we are still monitoring and checking , and we will keep checking , " adding that "  under Iraqi law , we can not move on it without claims and evidence . " Using satellite imagery and publicly available photographs purportedly released by ISIS , Human Rights Watch says it appeared that ISIS fighters in Tikrit executed three groups of men a short distance from former Iraqi leader Hussein 's Water Palace on the banks of the Tigris River . "  The analysis suggests that ISIS killed between 160 and 190 men in at least two locations between June 11 and 14 , " the rights group said in its report . "  The number of victims may well be much higher , but the difficulty of locating bodies and accessing the area has prevented a full investigation . " From the photographs posted online by ISIS , it appeared the fighters killed the men at the site in at least three groups . "  The photographs show one group of men lying in one trench and a second group of men lying on top of the first . A third group of men is seen lying in a second trench , " the group said . Human Rights Watch says the photographs show a third mass grave , but investigators have been unable to find it . MAPS : How to understand the Iraq crisis	Kurdish leader Barzani effectively annexes Kirkuk Armed U.S. drones are protecting 180 American military advisers , source says Iraqi Prime Minister : We 're buying fighter jets from Russia and Belarus Human Rights Watch says graves are thought to hold slain Iraqi soldiers , police and civilians
CNN  -- John Hickenlooper grabbed the attention of national Democrats in 2010 when he withstood a national Republican wave to win the governorship in Colorado , an emerging battleground state . He caught some lucky breaks on the way : Colorado Republicans failed to nominate a serious candidate in a three-way race , and Hickenlooper ran a quirky and widely praised television ad that depicted him showering with his clothes on , symbolically rinsing off the stink of negative campaigning . HickenlooperÂ has also attracted notice by breaking with some of his fellow Democrats in an effort to create a more business-friendly climate in the state.Â As a co-founder of Denver 's Wynkoop Brewing Company , Hickenlooper still talks proudly about his experience as a small-business owner . He 's also a huge fan of craft beer and indie rock bands such as The Shins and the Avett Brothers . Time magazine named Hickenlooper , who served two terms as Denver 's mayor , one of the country 's best mayors in 2005 . With one of the highest approval ratings of any governor , Hickenlooper might be Barack Obama 's best asset in Colorado as the president tries to carry the state 's nine electoral votes for the second time . He sat down with CNN at the annual meeting of the National Governors Association in Williamsburg , Virginia , last weekend . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : CNN : The suburbanites around Denver are exactly the kind of independent-minded voters President Barack Obama needs in his fold to win in November . Do you see the campaign 's questions about Mitt Romney 's record at Bain Capital and offshore bank accounts resonating with those voters or do they fall flat ? Gov. John Hickenlooper : To a certain extent , the suburban soccer moms are somewhat accepting of the fact that business is rough and tumble , and that some jobs get cut when you are taking over a business that 's failing . Some job cuts are necessary . But I think they have a different sensitivity if people are avoiding paying taxes in the United States and making profits on business done in the United States but finding ways to avoid taxation . I think as more facts come out , that 's something that of all the Bain-related stories might have some serious ramifications in terms of how normal people deal with it . What 's interesting , especially with the independent voters , is there is a level of patriotism . We pay our taxes , and we do n't want to pay any more taxes , we hate government waste . But everyone should pay their share . It 's almost visceral . When I was in the restaurant business , I used to see people get into these debates . It 's liberal Democrats , it 's conservative Republicans , it 's almost all independents . There is a tremendous repulsion for people that get out of paying their share . CNN : As a business guy , do you think some of the harder-edged questions about Romney 's private sector record turn off some people in the business community ? Hickenlooper : It does . There are certain people that think that . I think what people are concerned about is you 're branding all business as bad , which is certainly not the case . No step forward this country has ever taken has been without the business community helping move us forward . Whether you care about homelessness , whether you care about education reform or whatever , the resources for that come from economic vitality -- a whole lot of businesses being successful and creating wealth , and then that wealth being used to help homeless kids . CNN : Do you view his experience at Bain as part of wealth creation at large , the kind that lifts up homeless kids , for instance , or is it a different thing entirely ? Hickenlooper : It 's a component of the business system . I think what really creates wealth in this country , the major part of our wealth creation , comes from entrepreneurs , people starting businesses . That 's my preference because I lived part of that life . If you really squint your eyes and look at job creation , entrepreneurs create businesses , create jobs . They are always creating something . Generally it 's small businesses , but when they get acquired by a large business as part of that acquisition , there are overlapping marketing departments , overlapping accounting departments , so they shed jobs . There is a downsizing . So once that happens , once you get these companies consolidating , they are always looking at efficiency . And that is really not job creation . There are exceptions . As you get larger companies together , they shed jobs and they become more efficient and more profitable , so the stock price goes up , but that 's not pushing the country forward at the same level that entrepreneurs are . They are the ones that are creating the jobs that have customers . That is one of the defining points . They are creating jobs that have customers rather than just trying to control costs . CNN : When your friends in the business community complain about the president or say that Romney will lower their taxes or costs , what do you say to convince them that Obama is going to help their bottom line ? Hickenlooper : We have many discussions . What I tell everyone is what we need to create in this country is rising tide . We have to get the whole country moving forward . That 's not just one thing or one component of our economy . That 's the whole economy , right ? So you ca n't keep cutting funding for higher education . That 's a big part of how these entrepreneurs get started -- research grants or great ideas that come out of some laboratory at Colorado State University . Those entrepreneurs need to be able to take that and grow it . The whole ecosystem has got to go up . The president is committed to investment and the key parts of what a business ecosystem to succeed . It needs an education system , and it needs a health care system . I keep going to my friends in business and I say , ` Alright so , whether you want to talk about Obamacare or Romneycare , let 's pick one . ' " CNN : Does Obamacare help the president in Colorado ? Hickenlooper : I think it helps him everywhere , ultimately . When I sit down with business guys , I tell them , ` Let 's say we do n't want to do Obamacare . Secretary Sebelius has said we will give waivers if you find a way to expand coverage , control costs and prove outcomes . We will give you all the waivers you want . ' That 's an opportunity to pick our own system . But everybody wants to expand coverage . Everybody recognizes that small businesses ca n't get coverage . We already passed our health care exchange , and we did it with Republicans and Democrats . Let 's not get caught up in these false arguments . You can sit there and look at the whole system of what Obama 's proposing and the whole system of what Romney 's proposing , and I think the president 's has a higher probability of rising the whole tide and moving the economy more rapidly . CNN : What do you think Obama could do better in the campaign ? What would help him win Colorado ? Hickenlooper : You know what he loves . He loves basketball . He loves movies . He loves his family . I think that 's a huge advantage . I do n't think he shows it enough . Those little things -- you have never heard that story . When he talked to the firefighters  who were recently battling the Colorado wildfires  , he talked to 80 firefighters , and within five minutes moved them emotionally and inspired them . That 's something that he does , and it 's just who he is . He has always been able to do that . He was n't scripted , and there was no teleprompter . It was just him connecting . I think he has to find more opportunities to demonstrate to the American people who he is . Because he is real . CNN : Last question : How are the NFL Denver Broncos going to do this year ? Hickenlooper : I love  former Broncos quarterback Tim  Tebow . I thought he was a remarkable guy . I was a big Tebow fan . I am a huge Tebow fan . I think he 's going to be a great quarterback somewhere , just watch . I think Peyton Manning , he had all these teams to pick from , but he picked the Broncos because they have been building like crazy . And he thinks they can go to the Super Bowl in the next two years . When Peyton Manning , who knows a lot about football , when he says they can go to the Super Bowl , that means we 're all going to be tuned in .	John Hickenlooper says there is a repulsion for those who do n't pay their fair share Colorado governor says some questions about Romney 's record turn businesspeople off Recovery depends on more than just business , Hickenlooper says Governor says Obama needs to take opportunities to show voters who he is
CNN  -- The man believed to be the suicide bomber who killed seven CIA employees and contractors last month appears in a newly released video , in which he vows revenge for the killing of a Taliban leader . The video shows Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi , whom a former U.S. intelligence official identified as the suicide bomber . Al-Balawi 's brother told CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson that the man in the video , who uses the alias Abu Dajana Al-Khorasani , was his sibling . In the tape , which aired Saturday on the Arabic satellite news channel Al-Jazeera , al-Balawi says his message is for the CIA and Jordanian intelligence . The December 30 bombing at a U.S. base in Khost , in southeastern Afghanistan , killed seven CIA operatives and a Jordanian army captain . Al-Balawi was a Jordanian doctor whom Jordanian authorities had recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence source , a Jordanian official told CNN this week . Jordanian and U.S. intelligence agencies apparently believed al-Balawi had been rehabilitated from his extremist views and were using him to hunt Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's No. 2 figure , a former U.S. intelligence official said . Al-Balawi says in the video that his faith can not be sold to bidders , an apparent message to Jordanian and U.S. officials that they had failed to win his allegiance . It puts into question how well the CIA and other intelligence agencies can penetrate al Qaeda . Gen. David Petraeus , head of U.S. Central Command , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that local officials are better at "  human intelligence " than foreign agents . "  That 's not to say that you ca n't have some real breakthroughs , " Petraeus said during the interview , to be aired Sunday . "  It 's not to say you ca n't develop sources , you ca n't put people in there and so forth . " Al-Balawi mentions Baitullah Mehsud , the leader of the Taliban in Pakistan who was killed in a missile strike last August . "  We will never forget the blood of our leader Baitullah Mehsud , may God have mercy on his soul , " he says in Arabic , according to a CNN translation . "  It will remain that we take revenge  for his death  in America and outside America . It is a trust on every person who left everything for the sake of God , whom Baitullah Mehsud supported . " Al Qaeda 's commander of operations in Afghanistan , Mustafa Abu Yazid , said this week that the attack avenged Mehsud 's death . Mehsud was the leader of Tehrik-i Taliban Pakistan  TTP  . It was TTP that released the video , according to IntelCenter , a think tank that specializes in tracking terrorist groups . At one point , the video shows the date of December 20 , 2009 . That is five days before Nigerian passenger Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab allegedly tried to blow up a Northwest Airlines flight to Detroit , Michigan . The Yemen-based group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for the Christmas Day plot . It is impossible to know whether the date on the video is accurate , or whether al-Balawi was aware of AbdulMutallab 's alleged plans . If al-Balawi did know about the plot , it could indicate a greater degree of communication between TTP and al Qaeda than previously thought . In an analysis of the video , IntelCenter said there is a connection between the two groups . But IntelCenter also pointed out al-Balawi appears in the video next to TTP leader Hakimullah Mehsud , and that it was TTP that released the video . "  The TTP and al Qaeda have a close relationship , and in all likelihood al Qaeda was involved at some level in the operation , " IntelCenter said in an analysis of the video . "  However , the release of the video with TTP Emir Hakimullah Mehsud firmly places the attack under the TTP banner . " Of the seven CIA operatives who were killed in the December 30 attack were two members of the private security firm Xe , formerly known as Blackwater . The Jordanian military officer who was killed was Army Capt. Sharif Ali bin Zeid , a cousin of Jordan 's King Abdullah II . It was one of the worst attacks ever on America 's intelligence community . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Alleged suicide bomber vowed to avenge Taliban leader in newly released video Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi thought to be bomber who killed 7 CIA operatives The Jordanian grew up a loner , wanted to go to medical school , mother says Al-Balawi mentions Baitullah Mehsud , Taliban leader in Pakistan , killed last year
Real Madrid 's Spanish title defense lurched to a new low on Saturday , as Kaka was sent off in a 0-0 draw at bottom club Osasuna . The result means Jose Mourinho 's third-placed team could fall 18 points behind Barcelona if the La Liga leaders win at Malaga on Sunday , while city rivals Atletico Madrid can move seven clear of Real by beating Zaragoza . With top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo ending a run of 60 consecutive league appearances due to suspension , Real looked woefully short of attacking ideas despite the return of striker Gonzalo Higuain . Kaka came on for winger Angel Di Maria just before an hour was played , but the 2007 world player of the year was booked twice within 18 minutes to leave his side a man short . The Brazilian 's first yellow card came for jumping with an arm raised and the second was for stopping the home players taking a quick free-kick , resulting in his first red for Real since signing from AC Milan for a reported $ 100 million in 2009 . Mourinho also brought on striker Karim Benzema and Mesut Ozil for Higuain and Luka Modric , but Real 's best chance was ruled out for offside . Los Blancos have now won only six of the last 12 matches in all competitions , and Mourinho 's future at the nine-time European titleholders may hinge on next month 's Champions League last-16 clash with Ronaldo 's former club Manchester United . His team have already lost seven times this season -- two more defeats than the whole of the 2011-12 campaign -- and all of them have been away from home . "  I liked the team 's attitude , I have no criticism . Lots of players had great matches , like Albiol and Coentrao , who have n't played for a while and they performed very well in a very demanding match , " said Mourinho , who was also without suspended defender Sergio Ramos . "  I never talk about the missing players . We have had players injured for a month or two and I 've never talked about them . We also have players suspended and I have not used that as an excuse . " However , he hinted that his players were struggling to deal with the big points deficit they face in the title race . "  The explanation begins on the first match day and since then things have happened that I do not want to talk about , " said Mourinho . "  After that , when the gap is big , one team plays without pressure and the other one feels like that they ca n't close the gap and there are motivational issues . " Iker Casillas retained his place in goal , having been handed a second chance alter an injury to his replacement Adan , but Mourinho would not guarantee that the Spain captain would stay in the team for Tuesday 's Spanish Cup quarterfinal first leg against Valencia . "  He hardly touched the ball against Osasuna , but it can be said that in these two matches the team has been good defensively and he has been part of the team 's defensive play . It is too early to say whether he will play against Valencia . " Valencia moved up to seventh in the table after beating Sevilla 2-0 , with both goals coming from Spain striker Roberto Soldado . Soldado netted twice from corners to take his tally to 11 in La Liga this season to put his team above Levante on goal difference , while Sevilla stayed 12th . Earlier , Espanyol moved out of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at home to Celta Vigo , as Sergio Garcia scored a first-half winner . Real Mallorca stayed just above the bottom three after a 3-1 defeat at mid-table Valladolid , whose German winger Patrick Ebert celebrated his return from injury with two goals . In Italy , Inter Milan moved up to third place with a 2-0 win at home to lowly Pescara . Argentine forward Rodrigo Palacio scored in the first half and then set up Colombian Freddy Guarin nine minutes after halftime to leave Inter six points behind leaders Juventus , who host mid-table Atalanta on Sunday . Bologna moved five points clear of the relegation zone with a 4-0 win at home to Chievo , as former Italy striker Alberto Gilardino scored twice .	Brazil midfielder Kaka sent off in Real Madrid 's 0-0 draw with bottom Spanish club Osasuna Former AC Milan star booked twice inside of 20 minutes after coming on in second half Jose Mourinho 's Los Blancos could end the weekend 18 points behind leaders Barcelona In Italy 's Serie A , Inter Milan move up to third place with 2-0 victory at home to Pescara
Washington  CNN  -- The inspector general at the Department of Homeland Security is asking airports to deliver personal information on workers who have access to secure or sensitive areas . A memo sent to airport security badge offices by a senior analyst at the department is asking for the names , Social Security numbers , birthdates and 13 other personal data points in a review of the Transportation Security Administration 's credentialing process . The procedure for obtaining the information and the number or type of workers to be covered were not immediately known Thursday . The request is not timed to the busy Thanksgiving travel season . It appears to be a test of TSA security procedures . The information is due to the Department of Homeland Security by November 22 . Airports Council International , which has 575 members worldwide , is urging its member airports to hold off on sending the information until more guidance is available . A Homeland Security annual performance plan called for the information . "  TSA has the statutory responsibility for requiring employment investigations , including a criminal history record check and a review of available law enforcement databases and other records for individuals who have unescorted access to the secure areas of airports and aircraft , " it said . A transportation official familiar with the request told CNN it came in late Wednesday afternoon , giving airports just two business days before the busy Thanksgiving week to comply . One major U.S. airport may have as many as 40,000 to 50,000 badged workers , the official said . Airports submit monthly information to the TSA , but the request this week requires additional information and the agency is not being flexible , the official said . "  This is going to require some heavy lifting by the airports , " the official told CNN . Airports are already dealing with increased security and are preparing to handle the holiday crush , the official said .	NEW : Airports must provide more worker information than usual Homeland Security seeks personal info on airport workers Data will be collected on employees with access to secure airport areas Council urges member airports to get more information before complying
CNN  -- World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  president John Fahey has told CNN he does n't think Novak Djokovic "  has the faintest idea " what his organization does after the former world No. 1 said he 'd lost faith in the system . The Serbian labeled compatriot Viktor Troicki 's 12-month ban from tennis for missing a drugs test a "  total injustice " and said he was now nervous to give any sort of sample . But Fahey dismissed the six-time grand slam winner 's comments as unhelpful and said it was up to the sport to do more to fight against doping . "  I do n't think Novak Djokovic has the faintest idea what we do and if he wants to understand what we do I 'm more than happy to pick up the phone and talk to him , if he wants to talk to me , " he told CNN . "  If he wishes to then make a comment I might listen to him but for the moment I do n't think that was an informed statement . " WADA 's role in the fight against doping in sport has been in the spotlight in recent months after a string of athletes failed tests in Kenya and Jamaica . And as well as Troicki , Croatian tennis star Marin Cilic also served a ban for doping offenses after taking a prohibited substance contained in supplements bought from a chemist . Those cases have provoked disagreement within the game as to the best course of action , with Wimbledon champion Andy Murray calling the pair 's actions "  unprofessional . " Roger Federer , winner of 17 grand slams , said more testing needed to be done within the sport and also said players should give a sample when requested . But when asked if he knew how widespread doping in tennis was , Fahey replied : "  No I do n't and nor do I think tennis knows how widespread it is . "  What I do know is they have a program and a commitment has been given . Can they do more ? Every sport can do more . "  And when you get criticism from some of the champion tennis players about the number of times they 've been tested then I hope tennis takes notice of it . I know they have and I believe that they 'll address it . " Fahey also said the fall from grace of cyclist Lance Armstrong had been the best anti-doping message since he became WADA president in 2007 . In January , Armstrong -- following years of strenuous denials -- admitted to doping throughout his storied career , after he had been stripped of his seven Tour de France titles . But Fahey thinks Armstrong 's descent has proved that drug cheats will be caught out and punished no matter what their status . "  I think the Lance Armstrong story was the best message in my six years as to the effectiveness of the anti-doping programs , " he explained . "  What that said to me and the rest of the world was no matter how big you are , how tall , how successful you are , you can get caught and be dealt with . That man has been destroyed in terms of reputation and in terms of , perhaps , many other aspects of his life . "  He 's been seen as a cheat , a bully , a liar -- there 's no doubt about that . Once upon a time he was revered as one of the greatest champions in his sport , of all time . "  The fact that someone as big as that is ultimately brought to justice shows that our code is effective . " As for athletics , Fahey acknowledged that doping is "  widespread " and said part of the reason might be that there are different resources available to tackle the problem in different countries . Kenya has had 17 athletes banned for doping offenses since 2012 , while former 100 meters world record-holder Asafa Powell and three-time Olympic gold medalist Veronica Campbell-Brown are among six Jamaicans to have tested positive this year . Fahey said doping is not just a problem in successful sporting countries like Kenya and Jamaica , but rejected the notion performance-enhancing drugs were beginning to ruin sport . There had been a suggestion that certain countries could be banned from the Olympics if they refused to comply with anti-doping programs -- raising the prospect of Jamaica 's six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt missing out -- but Fahey said that was for the International Olympic Committee to determine . "  Should the Iinternational Olympic Committee take stronger steps ? I 'm sure if the evidence is there on the basis of difficulties with compliance in any particular country they would look seriously at that , " he said . "  I think we have to stop for a moment and say , ` What is actually going on in Jamaica ? ' They do have an anti-doping program , it has not been effective , it has not been as good as it could have been and that 's what WADA examined . "  We now have given them recommendations and we 've got a commitment to say , ` Yes we dropped the ball but we 've picked it up again and we 'll get it right and we 'll do that quickly . ' " Fahey also said that WADA 's revised code , which is due out this week , would allow the agency greater investigative powers and called it a "  great jump forward . "	WADA president John Fahey replies to Novak Djokovic 's criticism World No. 2 tennis star said he 'd lost faith in agency after Viktor Troicki 's ban Fahey tells CNN that Djokovic "  has n't got the faintest idea what we do " He says Lance Armstrong case shows that no-one is above the regulations
CNN  -- The Obama administration may very well be right that the attack in Benghazi which claimed the lives of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other U.S. officials was part of a pre-planned terrorist operation . It would have happened sooner or later regardless of any protests against an obscure anti-Islam film made in America . The attack apparently occurred because in recent days , the al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri posted a video online calling on Libyans to avenge the killing of al-Qaeda 's second in command , Abu Yahya al-Libi . According to our own sources at Quilliam Foundation , the attack was the work of roughly 20 militants prepared for a military assault . It is rare , for example , that an RPG7 -- an anti-tank rocket-propelled grenade launcher -- would be present at a civilian protest . The attack against the consulate had two waves . The first attack led to U.S. officials being evacuated from the consulate by Libyan security forces , only for the second wave to be launched against U.S. officials after they were kept at a secure location . News : How the Benghazi attack unfolded Jihadists will want the world to believe that the attack is just a part of the protests against an amateur film produced in the U.S. , which includes crude insults regarding the Prophet Mohammed . They will want the world to think that their actions represent a popular Libyan and wider Muslim reaction ; thus , reversing the perception of jihadists being outcasts from their own societies . Since there were similar protests in Egypt against the film , it is possible that more protests may erupt in Muslim-majority countries such as Pakistan and Afghanistan . The jihadists may also feel that by killing U.S. citizens , they will win the support of local populations . They are wrong . This attack was committed by a small group of extremists who do not represent the Libyan population . They seek to destroy any reconstruction attempts in my mother country . As often is the case , extremists try to take advantage of the absence of security in a country that has just gotten out of a civil war . They try so hard to destabilize the peace that the majority of the population have fought so hard to establish . Ambassador Stevens himself was well known for advocating peace and stability in Libya . The recent election results in the country are testament to his conviction that Libya can achieve progress . That Libyans did not vote the radicals into office in the elections proves that Libya is not a nation of extremists . The extremists ' response to their electoral defeat comes in a language they relish : Violence . Opinion : Will Egypt 's leaders calm or fan the crisis ? The attack on the U.S. consulate is a truly tragic event . Libya has lost one of the few foreign figures that really sought to invest time and energy into our country and believed in its future . Ambassador Stevens was one of a select number of international public figures based in Libya , who had refused to give up on Libya and its deteriorating security situation in recent months . He was an extremely successful envoy , who traveled the country to meet with all groups of Libyan society , and did not confine himself to international circles in the capital . No village or town was too far , and he was always keen to understand local customs . His death is a loss not just for Americans , but for many Libyans . I hope that the Libyan government will take this time to reflect on the security vacuum in the country , in particular around Benghazi , and rebuild the defense and security sectors in an accountable , professional and responsible manner . I also hope that Libyan authorities will look to revise their policy of disarmament , demobilization and reintegration  DDR  so that the situation on the ground can be improved . Opinion : Libya killings show U.S. at risk in Arab world We have welcomed the international community into our country , and I know that we want to continue our collaboration with the NATO community and member states , including , and especially , with the United States . These countries helped free us from the tyrannical rule of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi , who was in power for 42 years . Many Libyans are forever grateful to America for its support in freeing our country from dictatorship . This attack does not reflect the attitude of the Libyan population . For the international community , withdrawal of support from Libya will only play directly into the hands of jihadists , and that is the opposite of what we should do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Noman Benotman .	U.S. consulate in Libya was attacked ; some thought it was because of a video Noman Benotman : The attack was most likely a pre-planned terrorist operation He says attack does not represent views of most Libyans , who are grateful to U.S. Benotman : The international community must not give up on Libya 's reconstruction
CNN  The death of a 14-year-old shot by police just blocks from his school is the latest flashpoint as political tensions mount in Venezuela and pockets of anti-government protests erupt throughout the country . Kluibert Roa Nuñez , a high school student , was killed Tuesday when he got caught between protesters and national police in the western city of San Cristobal . A police officer fatally shot Kluibert , officials say . The government and the opposition alike have condemned the teen 's killing , but Venezuela 's recent history of violence and sharp political polarization hang over this shooting . Already protesters opposed to President Nicolas Maduro 's government are pointing to the teen 's death as a fresh rallying cry . And Maduro has blamed protesters for the violence that led to the shooting . A year ago , San Cristobal was the birthplace of anti-government protests that spread nationwide . The standoffs between security forces and protesters lingered for weeks and became violent , with more than 40 deaths , according to the government . Three witnesses at Tuesday 's protest said that Kluibert was not a protester and had inadvertently come across the confrontation after leaving school . Vivian Nuñez , the slain teen 's mother , told CNN en Español her son was walking four blocks from his school when a riot broke out around him . The protesters -- mostly students from a nearby university -- were running from police at the moment that Kluibert walked into the area , according to the witnesses , who spoke with CNN en Español . The teen tried to protect himself by ducking under a car but suffered a direct shot from an officer 's firearm , the witnesses said . CNN has not independently confirmed how the shooting unfolded . The governor of the state of Tachira , where San Cristobal is located , declined to comment on his government 's version of events . The teen 's death sparked several protests around the country Wednesday . In Caracas , demonstrators outside the justice ministry held up notebooks smeared with red paint to symbolize the blood of the country 's youth they say has been spilled . "  A bloody notebook . This is what we , the students , have -- ideas , " protester Hilda Rubi said . "  We say to Mr. Nicolas Maduro , ` Are you afraid of the students ? These are our weapons : a notebook , pens , thoughts and ideology . ' " The Venezuelan government responded quickly to the killing , detaining and identifying the national police officer who shot the teen . The interior ministry named Javier Mora Ortiz , 23 , as the shooter . Attorney General Luisa Ortega Díaz announced Wednesday that Mora is formally charged with intentional homicide , and that nine protesters were also arrested in San Cristobal . Interior Minister Carmen Melendez , speaking on state television , vowed that the officer would be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . She appealed for calm , asking students to remember the 43 deaths recorded in clashes last year . The police has been reformed since then , she said , calling the national police force a "  protector of human rights . " "  This is an isolated incident that does not represent the behavior of the new , humanist police , " Melendez said . To protesters , and to the family of the slain teen , these comments seem to be insincere , or outright lies . Erick Roa , the father of the slain teen , told CNN en Español 's Fernando del Rincon that he wants the full weight of the law to be applied to the officer but is not comforted by the government 's actions . The officer 's quick confession might be part of a strategy to get a lenient sentence , Roa said . He is afraid the justice system will go easy on Mora because he is a police officer . "  This was a murder ; this was a homicide committed by this man , and he should pay with the full weight of the law , " he said . The father also questioned the government 's claims of what kind of projectile killed his son . The interior minister said Mora shot Kluibert with a shotgun loaded with rubber pellets . Roa said that if the weapon was indeed a shotgun , it was loaded with lead pellets , not rubber . The coroner 's report said that a firearm caused the fatal wound , without detailing whether it was rubber or lead pellets , the father said . The government also said that police provided first aid to the injured teen , something that witnesses deny . Roa pleaded for police to "  be guardians " while on duty , saying he hopes another child wo n't become a victim . The fury over Tuesday 's shooting echoes the arguments made by pro- and anti-government groups in the past . Maduro framed the boy 's death around the actions of the protesters in San Cristobal . He described a group of "  hooded youths " who were "  being violent , " beating police and pelting officers with rocks before police responded with force . Critics of the government turned to one of their most powerful tools -- social media -- to accuse the security forces of abuses and to share photos they say back their allegations . Tweets were tagged with #SOSVenezuela , #PrayForVenezuela and #MaduroAsesinoDeEstudiantes , literally accusing the President of killing students . Government supporters tweeted under the banner #ApoyoRotundoAMaduro , or "  complete support for Maduro . " All this turmoil comes during an economic crisis in oil-rich Venezuela . Venezuelans have endured years of shortages of basic goods , products and services . Consumers have to stand in line for hours for staples such as milk , chicken and cornmeal . Even toilet paper and condoms are scarce . Venezuela 's currency , the bolivar , is overvalued . The official exchange rate is 6.3 per dollar , but dollars are being exchanged in the black market at 190-to-1 creating all kinds of problems for foreign companies , including American ones . Last week , the mayor of Caracas , Venezuela 's capital and largest city , was arrested and accused of plotting to overthrow Maduro 's government . In fragile economy , Venezuela arrests opposition figures : Why you should care Mayor Antonio Ledezma , one of the opposition 's most visible leaders , was arrested in a raid by federal agents . The opposition says the mayor 's arrest is an attempt to divert attention from the country 's economic woes . CNN 's Kay Guerrero , Miguel Escalona and Catherine E. Shoichet and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	Anti-government protests erupt over the death of a 14-year-old The high school student was killed by police during a protest Tuesday Tensions and polarization in Venezuela remain high
Washington  CNN  -- On the walls of Barbara Mikulski 's Capitol hideaway are some of her most prized possessions -- portraits taken every two years of all the women in the Senate . The first picture from 1988 is Mikulski , a Democrat , and one other female senator , Republican Nancy Kassebaum of Kansas . "  The hemline 's a little different , the hair color , " Mikulski mused , staring at the photograph . "  That 's when there were two . " The two forged a bond across party lines . The most recent picture , taken last year , features 17 female senators -- five Republicans and 12 Democrats . Mikulski remarks that there are more women in that photograph than had served in the Senate in all of American history when she arrived some three decades ago . The Maryland senator knows a lot about the history of female lawmakers , and she should . She has made a lot of it herself : the first Democratic woman ever elected to the Senate in her own right ; the first woman in the Senate Democratic leadership ; and in late 2010 she became the longest-serving woman ever in the Senate . On Saturday she will top that , becoming the longest-serving woman ever in the history of the U.S. Congress , surpassing Rep. Edith Norse Rogers of Massachusetts , who represented Massachusetts from 1925 to 1960 . To mark the milestone , she invited three other women senators who span parties and generations , to talk about what Senate women call their "  zone of civility . " Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand of New York and Republicans Olympia Snowe of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska joined Mikulski to sit at a table that came from her childhood home and explained how hard the women of the Senate work to maintain a lost dynamic in Congress these days : comity . Ironically , it is a relic of the old boys network that does n't really exist anymore in today 's era of partisanship : Get to know each other personally , so they can work better together professionally . Regular dinners across party lines It starts with regular dinners organized by Mikulski , whom some call the "  Dean , " others call "  Coach Barb . " "  When the day 's over , let 's kick back and put our lipstick on and have a glass of wine , and keep the institution and America going , " Mikulski said . Though the dinners are strictly off the record , the senators spilled a few details . "  We talk about our families , our concerns in our lives . Sometimes we talk about what we are working on but it 's a very collegial setting where we are trying to cultivate friendship first and foremost , " said Gillibrand , who jokes they "  rarely get nights off anyway , so that 's our big night out . " Snowe , a moderate Republican who recently made a surprise announcement that she is retiring because she is fed up with the polarization in Congress , said , "  We made the commitment to do it on a monthly basis , and to get together because it 's critical , and we naturally bond , and we have an opportunity to let our hair down . " Murkowski said when her husband sees one of the Senate women dinners on the calendar , he knows it 's non-negotiable . "  He does n't say , ` My gosh , why are you at work so late tonight ? ' He knows that that is a time that I value because I derive so much from the conversation , from the camaraderie that we have in the hour and a half at the end of a very long day , so I make it a priority when the dinners are scheduled to be there and enjoy that conversation with friends , " Murkowski said . Mikulski notes that the Senate can be a "  lonely place , " so the dinners are a refuge with "  no agenda , nothing to prove -LSB- except -RSB- finding common ground where we 're going to talk about what we 're going to work on in other committees or circumstances . " "  I think it 's a place that gives us energy , gives us a sense of our own community and we all really do know we can count on each other if something comes up we would be the first there , " Mikulski said . A bipartisan sisterhood But does this bipartisan sisterhood translate into bipartisan legislative action ? Murkowski replied that just this past week she was able to work out differences in the highway bill with Barbara Boxer , the Democrat overseeing it , primarily because of their personal friendship . Gillibrand recalled getting tremendous help from Snowe and Murkowski on the 9/11 first responders legislation . "  I remember when I was trying to so hard to pass the 9/11 health bill , both Lisa and Olympia were encouraging me . They said we 're not going to be name sponsors in the bill for instance , but we believe in what you are doing , and I think that if you approach it a , b and c , you 'll be more effective , " Gillbrand remembered . "  I think we 're just natural allies and we trust each other . It 's almost instinctive , " Snowe said , turning to Gillibrand , "  I can remember the conversations that we had . She was eliciting ideas about how to advance the bill , and so we trust another to give solid advice and to take that advice . " "  We are all a team as women . We may not agree on every issue but that 's not the point , " Snowe continued . "  We know how to work together in the give and take of it and achieve results . " Murkowski offered another explanation for what makes Senate women different from the men : ego . "  I do n't think that we have as much ego attached with who 's getting the credit , " said Murkowski , who noted that oftentimes with the men , it 's "  my way or the highway . " "  We 're all pretty competitive or we would n't have gotten here in the first place , but in order to achieve the results that we are looking for , I think there is less personal ego on the line , " she said . There is also another female trait that factors in here . They all say they instinctively know how to listen . "  I think it is how we communicate the message and how we listen to what is being communicated . And I think that the listening part of it is an important part of how we get the results , " Murkowski said . Four generally agree on women 's issues Though they differ on everything from taxes to energy policy , they generally agree on women 's issues . But Lisa Murkowski recently voted with fellow Republicans against free access to contraception . Women back home in Alaska got upset , and she said she regretted her vote . Asked if any of her female colleagues went to her and urged her not to side with her party on this one , Murkowski made clear the answer was no . "  I wish that we had had that discussion , I can honestly tell you that , " she said , and then ripped into the GOP on the issue . "  I think that my party is in an unfortunate place right now as viewed by many women in this country who are feeling very anxious about what they believe to be attacks on women 's health , " she said . In a bitterly partisan era , Senate women cherish this cross-party sisterhood . Columnist Margaret Carlson wrote recently in the Daily Beast that Senate men complain they no longer have time to forge such relationships . She joked that Senate women somehow do it , and it 's certainly not like they get more time in the day from their extra X chromosome . "  If anything , these women have more demands upon them , " said Mikulski , who notes Gillibrand has two young sons and Murkowski is the mother of teenagers . "  I had to make school lunch this morning , " Gillibrand chimed in , laughing . They talk surrounded by Mikulski 's female-oriented memorabilia adorning her walls : a poster of Geraldine Ferraro , the first female vice presidential candidate ; a photograph with Madeleine Albright before she was appointed the first female secretary of state ; even a picture of the Girl Scouts . Mikulski 's female colleagues credit her with cultivating and maintaining these relationships , and say she starts by mentoring new Senate arrivals . "  I remember when I first got appointed , she was one of the first to ask me to visit her , gave me guidance on how things work , how to pass legislation , " Gillibrand recalled . After 12,858 days of service , that makes her the longest-serving woman in congressional history , it 's abundantly clear that creating a collegial oasis for women inside the intensely partisan atmosphere is one of her proudest accomplishments . "  I wo n't always be here , but I hope the legacy of civility , that I 've worked with the other women to create will remain , " she said . CNN producers Laurie Ure and Ted Barrett contributed to this report	Mikulski will become the longest-serving female member of Congress on Saturday Women senators say they try to maintain their "  zone of civility " Mikulski credited with cultivating relationships among women in Congress She is proud of creating a collegial oasis inside a partisan atmosphere
CNN  -- The head of a survivors ' group Saturday dismissed an apology issued five decades later by the German manufacturer of a drug that caused thousands of babies to be born with disabilities . Pharmaceutical firm Gruenenthal apologized Friday for the first time over its drug , thalidomide , which caused babies to be born with shorter arms and legs after their mothers took it during pregnancy in the 1950s and 1960s . It was sold to women to counter morning sickness , according to the Thalidomide Trust , a UK body set up in the 1970s to help those affected . While some children whose mothers took the drug were born with one or more affected limbs , others suffered heart problems , damaged hearing or eyesight , and in some cases , brain damage . The drug was pulled from sale in late 1961 after doctors linked it to birth defects . Freddie Astbury , the president of campaign group Thalidomide UK , who was born in 1959 without arms or legs , said it was too little , too late . "  It 's taken a long time for them to apologize . There are a lot of people damaged by thalidomide struggling with health problems in the UK and around the world , " he said in a statement on the group 's website . Britain apologizes to thalidomide victims "  So we welcome the apology , but how far do they want to go ? "  It 's no good apologizing if they wo n't open discussions on compensation . They 've got to seriously consider financial compensation for these people . " Gruenenthal 's chief executive , Harald Stock , made the apology Friday as he inaugurated a memorial to those affected in Stolberg , Germany , where the company is based . He expressed the company 's "  sincere regrets about the consequences of thalidomide and our deep sympathy for all those affected , their mothers and their families . " Gruenenthal 's nearly 50-year delay in reaching out "  person to person " to those affected was a result of its "  silent shock " over their fate , he said . "  Instead , we have been silent and we are very sorry for that , " Stock said in a translated copy of the speech on the company 's website . Many people have only recently started to receive compensation for the drug 's effects . More than 10,000 children worldwide are thought to have been affected by thalidomide . Between 5,000 and 6,000 sufferers are still alive , about 400 of them in Britain , according to Thalidomide UK . An additional 7,500 died in early childhood , it says . Stock said the need for Gruenenthal to make a public apology had become apparent in recent talks with those affected , especially since 2007 . The company also pledged 50 million euros in 2009 to help more of those people affected in Germany and elsewhere , he said . "  We see both the physical hardship and the emotional stress that the affected , their families and particularly their mothers , had to suffer because of thalidomide and still have to endure day by day , " he said . "  We wish that the thalidomide tragedy had never happened . " Personal account : A life shaped by bad medicine But Stock also pointed to how regulatory and testing organizations had changed since the 1950s . "  The thalidomide tragedy took place 50 years ago in a world completely different from today , " he said . "  The international scientific community , the pharmaceutical industry and governments , legislators and administrations have had to learn a lot from it . " Gruenenthal had "  acted in accordance with the state of scientific knowledge and all industry standards for testing new drugs " that were current in that period , he said , and regretted that the drug 's potential to cause fetal malformations had not been detected . The drug was available over the counter in Germany from 1957 , under the name Contergan , leading to more cases there than anywhere else , according to the Thalidomide Trust website . In Britain , where it was sold as Distaval , it was a prescription-only medication . The drug was released only for clinical trials in the United States , the Trust says , because of concerns following reports of certain side effects from Europe . Compounds that included thalidomide also appeared in a range of other medications , including some for asthma and migraine , the Trust says . It is still used to treat a handful of conditions including leprosy and multiple myeloma , a cancer of the plasma cell . Thalidomide UK urges strict controls to avoid the drug impacting unborn children . The UK government allocated funds in 2010 to help those affected by thalidomide . Opinion : Why thalidomide apology is not enough	NEW : Campaigner says drug manufacturer should offer compensation as well as apology Children whose mothers took thalidomide during pregnancy were born without limbs The drug was taken by women to counter morning sickness in the 1950s and 1960s Drugs firm Gruenenthal expresses regret , says 50-year delay is result of its "  silent shock "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Federal officials Thursday barred the promoters of last week 's deadly off-road race in Southern California from holding future races on public land while an investigation is under way . Saturday night 's crash in the desert east of Los Angeles left eight people dead and nine injured when a truck taking part in the 200-mile event crashed into a crowd of spectators along the track . The driver wo n't face charges in the accident , the California Highway Patrol announced Monday , but the federal Bureau of Land Management is investigating whether sanctioning body Mojave Desert Racing violated any safety regulations . According to its permit , Mojave Desert Racing had five more races scheduled for 2010 . The company has not responded to repeated calls for comment since Saturday 's fatal crash . "  BLM has suspended any future permitted events of MDR Productions while the investigation is underway , " the agency announced Thursday . In addition , another promoter 's upcoming motorcycle race is under new scrutiny , and future events "  are being reviewed on a case-by-case basis , " BLM said in a written statement . The agency said that off-highway races are a popular activity and that its investigation "  will be aimed at ensuring the public safety remains our first priority . " Last weekend 's race was part of an amateur series on a course in the Lucerne Valley area of San Bernardino County , east of Los Angeles . Mojave Desert Racing urges spectators to stay back 100 feet from the 50-mile course , but a California Highway Patrol spokesman said there were "  no delineations " for the course . Images from the night of the crash show trucks speeding within feet of spectators . Brett Sloppy , the driver of the out-of-control truck , did not respond to repeated requests for comment but announced in a post on his Facebook page that he was devastated by what happened . "  My thoughts and prayers go out to all the familys and friends involved , " he wrote . "  Thank you too all my friends for sticking with me even thru these tragic times I love you all . " Keith Carty , a friend of one of the victims in the California crash , told CNN 's HLN that races attract a certain type of person : someone who wants to participate as much as watch an event . "  It 's not anybody 's turn to baby-sit us . We 're out there . We understand the risk . Everybody that was there understood the risk : the drivers , the spectators , everybody , " he said . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	Organizers of a race that turned deadly are barred from racing on public land The California Highway Patrol says it will not file criminal charges against the driver The driver says he is devastated by the incident Saturday night 's crash left eight people dead
CNN  -- As I waited in the cafe at Lifetime Athletics in Atlanta , the sound of laughter filtered through the front door . It was just past 8 a.m. on a Friday , and the CNN Fit Nation team was already having a good time . "  Our team came together quickly , " Ron Cothran said later . "  By the end of the morning it seemed as if we had all known each other for years . " Every year CNN selects six iReporters to race in a triathlon with Dr. Sanjay Gupta and the Fit Nation team . We give them a road bike  with all the necessary accessories  , a wet suit and a gym membership to help them prepare for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon on September 14 . As they train for their first triathlon with support from our fitness and nutrition coaches , they blog , tweet and share their workouts online . CNN readers follow along as the team gets ready to swim a half-mile in the ocean , bike 18 miles and run 4 miles along the Pacific coast . 6 people who will inspire you this year That Friday morning was the start of the team 's second day at Kick-off Weekend , where they met each other , their coaches and the CNN Medical Unit for the first time . "  After a couple of sessions with April , our coach , any fear and uncertainty that I had prior to arriving in Atlanta had gone away , " Cothran said . "  That weekend solidified in my mind ... the plan that is being laid out for me and my team will be more than sufficient to make us successful . " Their confidence was evident as the Fit Nation team ordered breakfast -- veggie egg white omelets or a protein smoothie -- and headed down the hall to a nutrition lecture . As they settled in , the friendly banter continued . For the past few years , the Fit Nation team has been called the "  6-Pack . " This year they 're branding themselves a little differently . "  We came up with the name ` Sassy Six ' as our team name because we all have a little sassiness inside of us , " says Sia Figiel . "  That compelled us to believe in ourselves enough to submit that video -- even though we 'd all been beaten by our struggles with weight and health and other emotional issues  before  . " Figiel knows these struggles well . The Samoan woman once weighed nearly 400 pounds . When she developed type 2 diabetes , she decided enough was enough and has since lost 100 pounds . Each member of the team has a different story to tell . But they all have the same goal : to learn how to live a healthier lifestyle , and to inspire others to do the same . "  A journey to wellness can be long and lonely when done individually , " Connie Sievers says . "  I have started the journey to wellness before , but when I was confronted with stress I reverted back to my unhealthy habits .  Now  the power of the entire CNN Fit Nation team will be there to hold me accountable , encourage me , pick me up and put me on the right track again . " Sievers will find strength in Mike Wilber , who is taking advantage of this opportunity to no longer be "  the guy who wanted to do things but physically could n't . " Wilber will be inspired by Karen Manns , who wants to lose 50 pounds by the time September rolls around . And all will try to inspire friends and family at home . "  What does Fit Nation mean to me ? It means responsibility to my fellow ` Sassy Six ' team members , friends , family and supporters all over the world , " Wilber says . "  My story is reaching a global audience , which is amazing to think about . I can not let the people who are supporting me down . " "  I know now that I am not alone , " Fiegel adds . "  That I am supported and encouraged . And I wish to be that for anyone out there who is reading this and has lost hope and is considering giving up . " During Kick-off Weekend , the team underwent several physical fitness tests , spoke with Gupta about their goals , and climbed Stone Mountain just outside of Atlanta . They left the city Sunday ready to start their training . "  We have a long hard road ahead of us , but the camaraderie we have is undeniable and confidence we have in our abilities as a team is growing , " Jamil Nathoo said . "  Together , we know we can do this . "	The Fit Nation team has named themselves the "  Sassy Six " The six iReporters bonded quickly during Kick-Off Weekend in Atlanta They 're ready to start training for their first triathlon -- follow along !
CNN  -- Until the abduction of more than 200 girls at the Government Girls Secondary School in rural Chibok , Nigeria 's Boko Haram insurgency received scant attention in the global media , which gave it brief airtime when the insurgents exploded their bombs or torched a school . However , the mass abduction has brought the world 's attention to the callous and unceasing violence that has become routine in northern Nigeria over the last three years . The area has suffered more than three decades of religious violence between Muslims and Christians . But since Boko Haram founder Mohammed Yusuf was killed in a 2009 security crackdown -- along with hundreds of his followers -- the militant Islamist group has stepped up its attacks . Boko Haram militants have killed clerics , bombed churches and mosques and assassinated politicians and government officials . When the militants attack churches , their aim is to start a sectarian war that will engulf the country ; when they attack mosques , their aim is to exterminate Muslims they consider collaborators . In the last three years , the Nigerian Government has opted for the use of force to exterminate the insurgents , rather than diminish the activities of the group -- and it has become more daring and audacious in its attacks . Despite the allocation of 25 % of the annual budget to defense and security , the government has been unable to crush and contain the insurgency . The group has taken on and demoralized the rank and file of the Nigerian army and police . Boko Haram has launched deadly raids on military garrisons and police and secret intelligence offices to free their detained members . The use of force against the group has only led to allegations of a chain of rights abuses with the justification that it is a war on terror . Nigeria 's Human Rights Commission last year accused the military of arbitrary killings , torture and rape in its campaign , while the military has described reports of civilian casualties as "  grossly exaggerated . " Our constitutional freedom has been formally suppressed by the authorities on the grounds of national emergency . The strategy of collective punishment , arbitrary arrests , prolonged detention and killing raids by the security forces has alienated the civil populace and turned them into victims . In the war against Boko Haram , civilians have become victims of both the military and the militants . Meeting with Boko Haram I mooted the idea of dialogue with the insurgents as a new option towards ending the insurgency and restoring peace to my bewildered and beleaguered nation . In September 2011 , I facilitated talks with the insurgents and the former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo -- then chairman of Nigeria 's ruling party . READ MORE : Swap prisoners for kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls , ex-negotiator says The first surprise in the encounter was that the representatives of the terror group spoke fluent English . The bigger surprise was when some of the insurgents revealed that they had university degrees . It is a prerequisite for new Boko Haram members to burn their university certificates or any paper identification that links them secular schools . In the meeting , they justified their violence on the grounds that it was the Nigerian Government that had forced them to take up arms . They said that before they trod the path of violence , they first tried to take the path of peace . They even showed us copies of a petition they wrote to the government complaining about the harassment and intimidation of their sect members by security forces before they picked up arms . They showed us photographs of followers and relatives they said had been killed by the police in cold blood , even before the insurgency began and threatened more attacks until they "  avenge the injustices done to them . " They expressed anger at the way people criticized and condemned them when they launched attacks but kept mute when Boko Haram members were killed , their homes demolished and their wives and children arrested by the security forces . We took their grievances to the government and advised the government to follow through , but hawks within the corridors of power discouraged the president from taking our advice . The second effort at dialogue involved a northern Islamic cleric and head of the Nigeria sharia council . The talks were facilitated by a freelance journalist who was later threatened by those opposed to dialogue . This second round of dialogue took place in the last quarter of 2012 . Boko Haram accused the government of leaking the details of the talks to the media for political reasons . One of the group 's conditions for talks had been that only their outcome be made public . We were close to achieving a ceasefire but again hawks , security and defense contractors in the corridors of power sabotaged our efforts . I have never met the Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau but I declined to meet him on two occasions when I got his invitation to interview him . I declined because I realized that the government was not interested in my approach . ` Preventable and avoidable ' The abduction of the girls in Chibok is one of many abductions over the last three years . If the Nigerian authorities took lessons from earlier attacks on schools by the insurgents , the Chibok abductions could n't have happened . The Chibok abduction was a preventable and avoidable tragedy . When the militants abduct boys , they use them as conscripts and girls as cooks and hostages . I can not confirm if they used abducted girls as sex slaves -- the leadership of the group denied such reports when we asked them , but abducted women who were later freed give credence to such claims . Each day the Chibok girls spend in captivity keeps the moral flag of my country at half mast . The #BringBackOurGirls protest and the interest shown by President Obama and other world leaders and celebrities like Alicia Keys and Angelina Jolie has kept the spirits of Chibok mothers high and the Nigerian Government on its toes . When we were children , we used to forecast that one day the Sambisa forest in Borno state would become a game reserve which would attract foreign tourists and foreign currencies . Today it is attracting foreign interest for negative reasons . The Chibok girls must be freed but not by the use of force except when other options fail . The schoolgirls are now innocent hostages in the hands of soulless gunmen . We do n't want the body of the girls to be brought back home , we want them back home alive . Political future The use of force could turn out to be tragic . Experience has shown that attempts in the past to free hostages from the insurgents through the use of force has deadly consequences . French hostages were freed in Nigeria through negotiations but a British and Italian hostage were killed in Sokoto when UK forces went to free them . We can get the Chibok girls back home and we must . I was delighted to learn that the special team sent by the U.S. and UK also included experts in hostage negotiation . I strongly believe that Islamic clerics in northern Nigeria and some of the top ranking insurgents currently in detention can be used to open a channel of communication with the leadership of the sect in order to secure the release of the Chibok girls . There are those who say that the option of negotiating to free the hostages will embolden the terrorists , I have never been a hostage but I have been a political prisoner who spent many years in prison during our struggle against military dictatorship in Nigeria in the 1990s . Those who experience captivity appreciate freedom the most . The situation we find ourselves in is a tough moment in our history , but I believe we shall overcome it . Many Nigerians believe that the way the Chibok issue is resolved will determine the political future of Nigeria . Opinion : Nigerians right to be wary of U.S. intentions The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shehu Sani .	Global media paid Boko Haram little attention until 200 girls were abducted , says Shehu Sani Boko Haram became more violent after its founder was killed in 2009 , he says At talks in 2011 , the group blamed government action for their militancy , Sani says He says the use of force to free hostages can be deadly and negotiations must be held
CNN  -- Over the decades , celebrities have chosen various ways of dealing with an increasingly intrusive media . Such methods have included suing  Jacqueline Kennedy  , punching  Marlon Brando  and putting a bag over one 's head  Shia LaBeouf  . But Alec Baldwin 's coping mechanism opens a new chapter in the paparazzi wars . After celebrity gossip site TMZ released footage of Baldwin shouting profanity at an aggressive videographer  with muffled audio that may or may not have contained a gay slur  , Baldwin published a bitter "  goodbye to public life " essay in New York Magazine . Before we permanently lose any other celebrities to their secret hideouts , it 's time to consider a way to fight back against the paparazzi . In fact , Baldwin was on the cusp of discovering a new weapon â $ " he just did n't realize it . Upon first reading of Baldwin 's tirade , you might have missed the solution  after all , the piece is rather long and , at times , tiresome  . But the answer is staring us in the face . In fact , it 's staring all of us in the face . Every day . These days , Baldwin said , "  everyone has a camera in their pocket . " Not just the Ron Galellas of the world , but all of the John Q. Publics looking for a chance to shame a celebrity . This kind of world is too much for Baldwin , who is prone to losing his temper . But if cameras are small , cheap , and ubiquitous , why not use it to your advantage ? Why not take one with you when you go in public , thus ensuring the public can always see your side of the story ? "  They are baiting you , " Baldwin said in his farewell-to-the-world . "  You can tell they want to get into it with you . Some bump into me or block the entrance to my apartment ... " Exactly . So why not catch them in the act ? Does that sound like too much trouble ? Maybe so . But if you 're rich like Baldwin , why not hire someone to follow you around and record life as it happens ? Go about your daily life , but have a trusted and well-paid photographer at your side , documenting just how rude , invasive , and aggressive the celebrity chasers can be . Still sound unreasonable ? There 's yet another solution that just made itself available . You can record your daily interactions with a wearable camera embedded in your glasses . If you want to show the world what really happened with that jerk of a photographer , just upload the footage from your Google Glass . As USA Today reported earlier this month , police departments are outfitting their officers with wearable cameras to protect both police and citizens against unfair accusations . All of this might sound extreme . Why should celebrities have to go to such lengths to protect themselves ? It may be a lot of trouble , but is n't it better than being humiliated repeatedly by out-of-context outbursts ? Is n't it better than retiring from a job you love and living as a hermit for the rest of your life ? Baldwin said in his diatribe , "  You 're out there in a world where if you do make a mistake , it echoes in a digital canyon forever . " True , but not if you can show your side of the story . It may be too late for Baldwin , but not for other celebrities . Do n't disappear from public life just to spite the paparazzi . If you do , the celebrity gossip sites will win . It 's time for a 21st century solution . It 's time to fight photos with photos . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David R. Wheeler .	Alec Baldwin published an essay saying he wants to leave New York David Wheeler : Baldwin should consider how to fight back against the paparazzi He says instead of retreating , Baldwin should get a photographer or Google Glass Wheeler : By recording his life , celebrities can fight photos with photos
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Leaving school at 16 is not normally the route to success . But Richard Branson did just that , setting up a magazine and then entering the record business . Now his brand is behind more than 300 companies -- from cola to trains , from phones to planes making Virgin a global name . Soon Virgin will reach galactic proportions . In 2009 Richard Branson hopes to take tourists into space . CNN 's Todd Benjamin caught up with the billionaire in London and asked what drives him to create such a diverse enterprise . Branson : What drives me to create a lot of different businesses is simply a feeling that we can , most likely , do it better than other people in particular areas . We wo n't create a business if somebody else is doing it really well , the only time we 'll create one is if it 's not being done well . Benjamin : How would you describe your own personality ? Branson : I love people , I love to learn . I never went to university so I see my life as one long university education I never had . I 'm very inquisitive , hence the fact we 've gone to 350 different businesses , which is quite unusual for a western company . Benjamin : You run your companies as a series of independent companies . What do you look for in your key lieutenants ? Branson : Number one , the Virgin brand is absolutely paramount , they must do nothing to damage the reputation of the brand . And the second thing is to look after their team of people . Benjamin : Your headmaster when you left high school said to you " Branson , congratulations , I predict you 'll either go to prison or become a millionaire . " What was it in your character that you think made him make that observation ? Branson : Well I suspect the fact that at age 13 I 'm writing him letters on how he could organize the catering better and how the school could save money , and if they save money they could then put it into better facilities for the students . And I managed to persuade him to give me a study to start my magazine and it was only when he actually finally came to me and said "  Look , you 're either going to have to do your school work or your magazine , " that I said "  Well , goodbye . I 'm off to do the magazine , but thanks very much . " Benjamin : In your autobiography you write about being four-years-old and your mother stops the car and makes you get out and what does she make you do ? Branson : We were on the way to my grandmother 's house in Devon , and I think about three miles before we got there she made me get out and told me to find my own way to my grandmother 's house . Basically , her approach was to try and get us to stand on our own two feet and she went to extreme measures sometimes to do so . Benjamin : Without your persona do you think the Virgin brand could have ever become what it became ? Branson : I think the particular Virgin brand perhaps needed me , in the past , to get out there and be adventurous , and therefore to give the brand an adventurous feeling ; take on the big guys , which we did , and beat the big guys and that 's what 's created the Virgin brand . I think now if my balloon pops , or the space ship just continues to go into space , or whatever , I think the brand is strong enough to withstand all that and it 'll continue to grow . E-mail to a friend	Richard Branson , founder of Virgin , talks to CNN 's Todd Benjamin Branson left school at 16 to work on a magazine he had set up He is now responsible for over 300 businesses under the Virgin brand
Even if the Senate backs President Barack Obama 's call for military action against Syria , a wall of outright opposition or skepticism from Democrats and Republicans in the House makes approval there very difficult . House Speaker John Boehner , who backs Obama on the issue , welcomed news on Friday that the president would deliver a national address on Tuesday to try to sway public opinion , which now opposes such a step . But Boehner 's spokesman signaled that the votes are n't in the House for passing a resolution authorizing force against Syria and the GOP is placing the burden squarely on Obama 's shoulders . "  Only a president can convince the public that military action is required . We only hope this is n't coming too late to make the difference , " Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck said in a statement . Still , senior House Republican aides find it difficult to see a path for passage . Boehner 's top deputy , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , also supports the president and is talking to members and urging them to review classified materials that administration officials say bolsters their case for military action . Cantor penned an editorial in his hometown Richmond paper explaining why he believes military action is needed . "  America has a compelling national security interest to prevent and respond to the use of weapons of mass destruction , especially by a terrorist state , and to prevent further instability in a region of vital interest to the United States , " he said . ` Constructive ' talks but little headway on crisis But rank and file House GOP members have frequently ignored their leaders and the vote in favor of action is stalled in the single digits , including the support expressed by senior leadership , a CNN tally showed . One senior GOP House aide said prospects for meaningful additional Republican support is "  bad " and "  momentum is with the ` nay ' vote . " Congress is ending its summer recess and members formally get back to work next week . In a memo to House Republicans outlining the fall schedule , Cantor suggested the timetable for the vote , which Boehner initially planned for next week , could slip a week . "  Members should expect a robust debate and vote on an authorization of use of military force pertaining to Syria in the next two weeks " Cantor wrote . But House GOP leaders are leaving open the possibility the House will not bring up the resolution if it fails in the Senate . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid predicted on Friday that the necessary votes were in the Democratic-led chamber to pass a resolution calling for limited force . The House plans to wait to see if something passes the Senate before making final decisions on the language or timing of any House vote , according to multiple Republican sources . One undecided GOP member , Rep Richard Hudson , a North Carolina Republican , returned for a briefing on Friday . He told CNN that he came back to hear details about the military objectives directly from the administration instead of through the media . Obama to address American people on Tuesday Although his constituents are "  very opposed " to military action , Hudson said he would base his vote on what he thought was best for the country and "  let the politics sort itself out later . " The lack of GOP support places enormous pressure on House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi , who was one of the chief critics of the Iraq war , and Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer . The two will need to persuade well over a majority of the 200 House Democrats to stand behind Obama , also a Democrat . Top House Democratic aides counter that it 's too soon to predict defeat because most Democrats are reserving judgment until they hear details in a classified briefing on Monday evening . The administration is dispatching top officials to make a final push before Obama 's speech . Secretary of State John Kerry ; Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , National Security Adviser Susan Rice , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , and Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey will conduct the joint House-Senate session in the Capitol . "  We 're not going to know until our members get back into town . A lot of people have n't had access to the briefings or the classified documents , " one of Democratic aide noted . But for many House members who already have attended classified meetings on Syria this week , the sessions seem to raise more questions . Syria 's rebels : 20 things you need to know Hawaii Democratic Rep Tulsi Gabbard , a former Iraq war veteran , told reporters she was undecided and then ticked off remaining questions she had after a two-hour session with top administration officials . "  What are the unintended consequences ? What are the outcomes ? What are the next moves that could potentially occur that would involve U.S. interests , U.S military , costs - both in human lives , as well as in resources ? " Gabbard asked . A senior administration official told CNN that top officials reached out to more than 125 House members through a variety of conference calls and one-on-one conversations over the past two weeks . But the "  flood the zone " White House approach has n't prevented a steady list of members from voicing outright opposition or criticism that the case for military action is thin . The fact that so many members in his own party remain undecided or publicly opposed illustrates that Obama 's political capital in Congress is quite low . California Democratic Rep. Judy Chu participated in a conference call with White House chief of staff Denis McDonough on Wednesday and remains undecided . While she said there 's no question that the al-Assad government used chemical weapons she outlined a laundry list of outstanding questions . She wants details about contingency plans if Syria retaliates , the lack of international support , reasons why diplomatic efforts ca n't be explored , and the direct cost to taxpayers . Chu says her constituents "  overwhelmingly ... want me to vote ` no ' on this . " She described House Democrats as "  war weary . We just came from Iraq and Afghanistan wars . We are war skeptical , " Chu said . Rep Elijah Cummings , a Maryland Democrat who remained undecided , highlighted the stakes for Obama to change minds or persuade Democrats to back him on Syria . He called it "  certainly one of the most important speeches in his career as the president of the United States . "	Opposition or skepticism dominates House sentiment on proposed Syria strike House returns Monday , but Majority Leader Eric Cantor says any vote could slip into following week Senate poised to take up measure already passed by committee authorizing limited strike House members await classified briefings on allegations of Syria chemical weapons use
The winner of the 2012 commencement sweepstakes is in . It 's Barnard College , which just announced that President Obama will be the featured speaker at its May 14 graduation ceremonies . The choice benefits both the president and Barnard , a 123-year-old women 's college in New York City . Barnard outdoes neighboring Columbia and every other Ivy League college when it comes to commencement prestige . Obama , in turn , gets the perfect setting to talk about women 's rights . The Republicans have made a national issue of limiting access to contraception , and Barnard provides the president with a forum to make his views on the subject clear . This comes at a time when the Guttmacher Institute reports that of the 43 million fertile American women who do not want to get pregnant , 89 % are practicing birth control . In the Columbia Spectator college paper , the president 's commencement address was the lead story Monday and a source of controversy and envy . Barnard students often take classes at Columbia , which actually confers the Barnard diplomas . Obama clearly trumps Columbia 's commencement speaker , John R. MacArthur , the president and publisher of Harper 's Magazine . But Barnard 's coup in securing the president , whose aides contacted Barnard last week , according to university President Debora L. Spar , raises an important question : How do colleges choose their commencement speakers ? At institutions that pride themselves on being democratic , the process all too rarely involves meaningful consultation . Sometimes , students are asked whom they want for a speaker . Occasionally , faculty members are solicited for their opinion . But the asking around is most often window dressing . Usually , the commencement speaker is chosen by a college president or key administrator . In Barnard 's case , Jill Abramson , the executive editor of The New York Times , was the announced speaker . But when Obama became available , Abramson was quickly dropped . As critics have noted , so much for a women 's college worrying about favoring a powerful man over a woman ! In an age when budgets are stretched thin , many colleges are still willing to pay thousands of dollars to get the most newsworthy person they can find to address their graduating seniors . A famous commencement speaker is an expense that colleges believe will pay dividends down the line . Perhaps colleges are right ? Maybe the commencement game is worth playing to the hilt . But I think it is equally possible that colleges are kidding themselves . My alternative is that colleges should try choosing their commencement speakers according to the following rules : 1 . Ask the senior class whom it wants to hear at its graduation , and publish the results early in the fall . 2 . Make sure the seniors know who is available to speak . 3 . Require the commencement speaker to donate any lecture fees to the college scholarship fund and not profit from an invitation that should be considered an educational honor . 4 . Insist that the speakers talk no longer than 15 minutes and never use the phrase "  real world . " 5 . Strongly urge the speaker to recall what the world felt like when he or she was 22 . These five rules should do the trick , but it is important to remember that there are always exceptions . The wise college wo n't try to control every facet of commencement . It will allow for surprises . The most important commencement address in modern American history occurred June 5 , 1947 , at Harvard , when Secretary of State and former Army Chief of Staff George Marshall delivered the talk that became the basis for the Marshall Plan . Nobody anticipated how momentous Marshall 's address would be . He spoke for just 12 minutes , and all he said to Harvard President James Conant in advance was that he intended "  to make a few remarks in appreciation of the honor and perhaps a little more . " My ideal commencement speaker for 2012 , as I have told anyone who will listen , would be Little Richard , who turns 80 in December . Little Richard is , I believe , our greatest living rock 'n' roller , and one rendition of "  Tutti Frutti " by him would make even the most humdrum commencement magical . But few of the students I teach would agree with me about Little Richard , and I am easy about bowing to their wishes . Commencement is , it can not be stressed enough , their day : It should be about who and what they think is important .	Nicolaus Mills : Barnard wins commencement prize with Obama , to Columbia 's dismay Mills : Women 's college Barnard is the perfect stage for Obama to speak on women 's rights Universities are democratic , he says , so students should have a say in who speaks Milles : Gen. Marshall gave the most important commencement address in U.S. history
CNN  -- Identical twins Bob and Mike Bryan carved their place in tennis history as they wrapped up a record-breaking career doubles title in Los Angeles . The Bryans had been tied on 61 with legendary Australian pair Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde since winning the Madrid Open title back in May . But at the Farmers Classic they finally broke out of the tie with the ` Woodies ' with a battling 6-7 6-2 10-7 victory over Eric Butorac and Jean-Julien Rojer . It was their sixth title at the hard court tournament in Los Angeles but they were made to work hard for their win , which is also their sixth title of the year . Pat Cash meets the Bryan brothers After the opening two sets were tied , the Bryans raced to a 5-0 lead in the tiebreak set decider only to see Butorac and Rojer claw back to seven points each . But the 32-year-old Americans kept their nerve to win the final three points and close out a memorable victory , celebrating with their traditional chest-bumping ritual . Woodforde was courtside to see his record broken and paid tribute to the Bryans . "  For many , many years you 've been traveling in elite company . Thanks to the victory today you 're in rarefied air , " Woodforde said . "  Our run sort of ended because I elected to retire , but I know you two will continue for years to come . The floodgates will open entirely , so I know 70 , 80 will come . " Mike Bryan said they had never believed they could break the mark at the start of their career . "  The Woodies put a record way out there -- 61 was Mount Everest when we started , " he said . "  We love what we do . To get this , one of their many records , is special . " "  We really looked up to the Woodies , " Bob Bryan added . "  They did n't have the power and big serves , but they had the poaching and the technique . " The brothers have included eight grand slam men 's doubles titles in their incredible tally and will now target the all-time record of 79 set by the famous partnership of Martina Navratilova and Pam Shriver .	Bob and Mike Bryan set new record with 62nd career victory at ATP event in LA Bryans had been tied with Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde since May Mark Woodforde watched the Bryans set new record at Farmers Classic Bryans are 32-year-old identical twins who have won eight grand slam titles
CNN  -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic produced a memorable performance after his four-goal salvo helped Sweden defeat England in Stockholm . The 31-year-old , who has scored ten goals in as many games for club side Paris Saint-Germain , was on fire once again as Roy Hodgson 's men were swept away . The Swedish skipper had given his side a 20th minute lead before goals from Manchester United 's Danny Welbeck and Tottenham 's Steven Caulker gave England a half-time . Ibrahimovic arrival marks watershed moment for Paris Saint-Germain But it was Ibrahimovic who stole the show after the interval , with three strikes in the final 12 minutes . After netting a 78th minute equaliser , Ibrahimovic slammed home a rasping 30-yard free-kick before rounding off his night with a scarcely believable scissors kick . It ruined the night for England captain Steven Gerrard , who had hoped to celebrate his 100th cap with victory . Gerrard told ITV 1 : "  I still stick by Zinedine Zidane , he is the best player in the world as the best player of his generation , but his  Ibrahimovic 's  performance was world class and he just scored one of the best goals I seen live . "  It was his night . If someone scores four goals and the way he scored them ... it 's one of the best I 've seen . " Hodgson added : "  The fourth goal was extraordinary , but it was the second and third goals which cost us . "  For 70 minutes we were playing very well and we deserved to be in the lead , but we made changes and they took the initiative . " Elsewhere , France recorded an impressive 2-1 victory over Italy after it came from behind in Parma . Milan star Stephan El Shaarway gave the hosts the lead only for France to hit back through Mathieu Valbuena and Bafetimbi Gomis . The highly anticipated grudge match between the Netherlands and Germany failed to catch light as it finished goalless in Amsterdam . Messi passes Pele 's goal milestone Lionel Messi drew a rare blank after Argentina was held to a goalless draw by Saudi Arabia . Despite boasting the likes of Sergio Aguero and Angel Di Maria in their starting line-up , Argentina were unable to make the breakthrough against a stubborn Saudi defence . Mikkel Diskerud scored a late equalizer as the U.S. grabbed a 2-2 draw in Russia . Fyodor Smolov had given the hosts a ninth minute lead before Michael Bradley 's fine effort brought the U.S. level . Roman Shirokov looked to have won the contest with an 84th minute penalty but Diskerud fired home late on to ensure the game finished level . Elsewhere , Portugal was held to a 2-2 draw in Gabon , Uruguay defeated Poland 3-1 and Greece claimed a 1-0 win over the Republic of Ireland .	Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored all four goals in Sweden 's 4-2 win over England Netherlands and Germany finish goalless in bore draw France fights back to defeat Italy 2-1 in Parma Leo Messi frustrated as Argentina held to 0-0 draw by Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- The Obama administration asserts America is "  not alone " in planning its proposed Syria strikes , though ally countries have yet to formally join the call for limited military action now advanced by the White House . Whether other countries will participate in an American offensive against Syria remains to be seen . Short of an official White House list of who 's in , analysts and CNN correspondents size up which countries may -- or may not -- play a military or diplomatic role in a planned U.S.-led air assault on Syria . What about the British , our loyal ally in the Iraq War ? Forget it . In a staggering setback to Prime Minister David Cameron , the British House of Commons said no to joining a U.S. assault against Syria . The United Kingdom is overwhelmingly against another Middle East conflict , with only 16 % in favor of militarily punishing the Syrian regime . Is there a chance UK legislators might reconsider ? 5 things on Syria : Obama overseas to developments at home It 's possible , experts say , because Obama 's strategy to make a public case before Congress for a limited Syria attack may win favor in Europe . However , Cameron seemed to quash speculation that there might be a new Commons vote Wednesday . "  Britain can not be and will not be part of any military action " against Syria , he said , adding that he respects the outcome of last week 's vote and "  will not be bringing back plans for British participation in military action . " The White House alleges that the Syrian regime is deploying chemical weapons that are killing innocent children and adults in a civil war that has lasted more than two years . "  It 'll be interesting to watch in the coming days if the Obama administration 's case on chemical weapons reverberates with the European public , " said Andrew Tabler , senior fellow of the Washington Institute . Well , who in Europe does support us ? It could be France , in something of a role reversal from 2003 , when France declined to join the Iraq invasion but the British sent many troops . The French parliament is expected to debate military action against Syria this week . But there 's not a lot of nationwide support for such an intervention -- only one in three people in France endorses punishing Syria . What 's the evidence ? But the French are more open than the Germans , who are against it by a 5-1 ratio . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who is facing re-election later this month , said her country wo n't participate in any military action , though she called the plight of the Syrian people "  catastrophic . " Where does Israel stand on all this ? Israel , the ultimate U.S. ally in the Mideast , has already intervened in the Syrian conflict but in a measured way , using isolated bombing in instances that Israel deemed Syrian aggression . ` Red line ' debate : Are chemical weapons worse ? "  They have been doing this tit-for-tat thing , " said Jeff Martini , Middle East analyst for the Rand Corporation . For now , Israel is maintaining a low-profile in the international debate about whether to launch an offensive against Syria because it does n't want to further antagonism between it and Arab neighbors . Israel 's vast military force -- fighter jets , surveillance , early warning systems -- would be an important asset to American forces if an attack on Syria proceeds . "  Israel is doing its part by keeping quiet , " Martini added . Israel is being supportive behind the scenes . What about U.S. access to Turkey 's air bases ? Some Turkish support will be public , and some will be under the table , said Anne-Marie Slaughter , president and CEO of the New America Foundation . The same goes for Saudi Arabia and Jordan , she said . How a no-boots-on-the-ground attack against Syria would play out has n't been revealed by the Obama administration . Bombing would likely include missiles launched from the U.S. warships in the Mediterranean Sea . The use of other countries ' soil in the region for air strikes is uncertain , experts say . Four questions for backers of Syrian mission Secretary of State John Kerry told House Democrats that Turkey -- along with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates -- has already offered military assets for any Syrian attacks , two sources on the call told CNN this week . If so , Turkey could play a huge role : There are already two big U.S. air bases there that could be used by fighter jets , refueling tankers , AWACS surveillance planes and U2 spy aircraft . There are also U.S. defense missile systems on the Turkish border as a defense against Syria . Tell me more about oil-rich Saudi Arabia Analysts believe that Saudi Arabia heavily influenced the recent announcement by the Arab League foreign ministers who called upon the international community to punish the Syrian regime for its alleged use of chemical weapons . Is it ` High Noon ' for Obama on Syria ? That statement was interpreted as the Arab League "  green-lighting " a military strike against Syria without specifically mentioning bombing . With its vast air force and bases , Saudi Arabia would offer a lot of resources to Western militaries . But it would n't participate directly in any attack on Syria because that would inflame a widespread Arabian Peninsula antipathy against Western military forces intruding into Arab affairs . Still , Saudi Arabia is a diplomatic heavyweight in the Arab world , so the country 's tacit support and money would ease any U.S. burden if it is forced to act alone against Syria . Syria missile strike : What would happen next ? Kerry told the House Foreign Affairs Committee this week that Arab countries -- presumably including Saudi Arabia -- have offered to help bear the financial cost of the proposed military offensive against Syria . "  That 's how dedicated they are to this , " Kerry said . U.S. ally Jordan is in a bind Like Saudi Arabia , Jordan has air bases close to Syria 's border that could be useful for inserting and extracting special forces and mounting rescue missions for downed pilots . Jordan also hosts U.S. forces , and together they train rebels for combat in Syria . The Jordanians also allow weapons to flow over its border to the Syrian opposition , and their country is home to one of the biggest CIA operations on Syria in the region . But Jordan is perhaps the most vulnerable of U.S. allies because it 's so close to Syria and has declared that it wo n't be a launching pad for Syrian attacks . Jordan is unlikely to be involved directly in a U.S. strike against Syria because Jordan could face retaliatory missiles and terror attacks from the Syrian regime . Meanwhile , Jordan is nervous about its own internal tensions arising from Arab Spring , including how the country deals with corruption allegations and a not-so-popular king . "  Jordan fears Syria will escalate horizontally and switch the geography of conflict , " Martini said . Could Russia do anything ? Russia has been supportive of the Syrian regime , but if it wanted to assist the United States , it could pull its military advisers out of Syria and stop its alleged supplying of arms to the regime . Russia could also tell Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to hand over power to an interim administration . Such Russian support is unlikely , and the most that the Obama administration could expect is Russia expressing uncertainty about whether the Assad regime is the best to govern Syria , as Russia did a year ago . So what kind of a coalition could we be talking about ? When all is said and done , any U.S.-led coalition against Syria could be one that offers more moral than military support . That is still important , especially when the nations act outside the aegis of the United Nations Security Council . "  A coalition is political in nature , but the United States would do the heavy lifting militarily , " Tabler said . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Nick Paton Walsh and Marc Sauber contributed to this story .	A U.S.-led coalition to bomb Syria has yet to take shape British legislators vote against joining , but experts say it 's possible they may reconsider The French Parliament is expected to take up the U.S. proposal this week Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Turkey will support U.S. in different ways , even under the table
Monrovia , Liberia  CNN  -- A red rope guarded by police marks the "  quarantine line " around the West Point slum in the Liberian capital , Monrovia . Beyond it , more than 70,000 people are trapped -- angry , scared and increasingly hungry -- as authorities seek to halt the spread of the deadly Ebola virus . As soon as a CNN team crossed the line , it was swarmed by people desperate to be heard . Since the government designated the slum an Ebola quarantine zone last week , there has been no way out . Stuck without sanitation or running water , and with food supplies for many running low , people fear for their lives . The quarantine measures were imposed after rioters looted an Ebola treatment center in the slum , claiming the virus was a government hoax . A nurse at the center told CNN she arrived for her shift that night to find the center destroyed and not a patient to be found . The center is slowly being rebuilt , but it lacks basic equipment and facilities . Medical workers have to wash their protective gear for reuse and have little more than a squirt of bleach to rely on . ` I 'm scared of everything ' It is the only refuge for the slum 's frightened residents . But the most that they can hope for is to be made comfortable while they wait either to overcome the virus -- or not . Like many residents of West Point , Charming Fallah , a hairdresser , has to travel out of the township to make a living . She is the only breadwinner for her two children and her elderly parents . "  Right now , my mother does n't have anything , " she told CNN . "  First , I was the one that provided for her . But as time goes by , she 's complaining the rice is finished . I just came from my parents ' house and she has nothing . " Asked if she is more scared by the disease or by hunger , Fallah replied : "  Both . That 's what 's worrying us . The hunger , the Ebola , everything . I 'm scared of everything . " Her fears are far from unfounded . Experts have described the West African outbreak , centered in Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone , as the worst in the history of the virus . Doctors , nurses succumb The World Health Organization said Monday that 120 health care workers have died in the Ebola outbreak , and twice that number have been infected . Public health experts say several factors are to blame , including a shortage of protective gear and improper use of the gear they do have . In a commentary released this week in the Annals of Internal Medicine , doctors from the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , wrote that personal protective gear made to shield health care workers from Ebola-contaminated fluids is n't being used properly . The commentary says that even with the correct gear , a health care worker is at risk for infection if contaminated protective clothing is not removed correctly . The Ebola virus is transmitted through direct or indirect contact between bodily fluids from an infected patient ; that 's why taking off the protective gear correctly is essential . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University 's School of Medicine , says following the proper sequence of removing protective gear can keep health care workers from infecting themselves . The sequence is simple . You start with the gloves , then take off the eye protection , gown and surgical mask . Follow up with washing your hands . Why is this particular sequence so important ? "  Because if you leave your gloves on , and take off your eye protection first , you could pass the fluids from the gloves to your eye mucus , " explains Schaffner . "  No matter where you are , no matter what day of the week it is , never change the sequence of how you take the equipment off . " One or two doctors per 100,000 people The fact that the disease has killed so many people working to care for infected patients is making it increasingly hard to combat the virus in West Africa , WHO said . "  It depletes one of the most vital assets during the control of any outbreak . WHO estimates that in the three hardest-hit countries , only one to two doctors are available to treat 100,000 people , and these doctors are heavily concentrated in urban areas . " The threat can mean other health facilities close , as staff members choose to stay home rather than risk their lives . This means other medical needs , such as help with childbirth and malaria treatment , are neglected . "  The fact that so many medical staff have developed the disease increases the level of anxiety : if doctors and nurses are getting infected , what chance does the general public have ? " the group wrote . "  In some areas , hospitals are regarded as incubators of infection and are shunned by patients with any kind of ailment , again reducing access to general health care . " The heavy toll is also making it harder to secure support from sufficient numbers of foreign medical staff , the group said . Last week , a WHO health care worker was infected with Ebola in Sierra Leone . The organization has temporarily pulled its health workers from the Kailahun post and has sent a team to review the incident . "  This was the responsible thing to do . The field team has been through a traumatic time through this incident , " Dr. Daniel Kertesz , a WHO representative in Sierra Leone , said in a statement . "  They are exhausted from many weeks of heroic work , helping patients infected with Ebola . When you add a stressor like this , the risk of accidents increases . " Blood and other bodily fluids Ebola is one of the world 's most virulent diseases and is transmitted through direct contact with blood or other bodily fluids of infected people . The outbreak has forced various nations to take drastic action , including Ivory Coast , which has said it is closing borders it shares with Guinea and Liberia for an indefinite period . Senegal also closed its borders over Ebola fears . The closure includes any aircraft and ships traveling to Senegal from Guinea , Sierra Leone or Liberia . Amid fears of the disease 's spread , the Philippines recalled 115 peacekeepers from Liberia . Dr. Peter Paul Galvez , a spokesman for the Philippines ' Department of National Defense , said they would be repatriated as soon as possible . They will be quarantined before departure for 21 days , then quarantined again in the Philippines for another 21 days . Early symptoms of Ebola include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . These symptoms can appear two to 21 days after infection . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and Val Willingham contributed to this report .	NEW : World Health Organization pulls workers from Kailahun post in Sierra Leone The World Health Organization says 120 health care workers have died in the outbreak Quarantine on West Point slum was imposed after rioters looted a treatment center The center is slowly being rebuilt , the only refuge for the slum 's frightened residents
Washington  CNN  -- When the Obama administration unveils its National Security Strategy Thursday , it will be the first time a president explicitly recognizes the threat posed to the country by radicalized individuals at home . "  For the first time since 9/11 , the NSS integrates homeland security and national security , " according to highlights of the plan given to CNN by a senior administration official said . The security strategy acts as a blueprint for how the White House intends to protect Americans . In the past , it has focused mostly on international threats . But National Security Adviser John Brennan explained Wednesday that a spate of terror-related plots in the United States recently prompted the Obama administration to include homegrown terrorism in the document . "  Such a strategy must begin with the recognition that a clear-eyed understanding of our strategic environment -- the world as it is today -- is necessary to shape the world that we seek , " according to a summary of the plan . "  Currently , the United States is focused on completing a responsible transition in Iraq , succeeding in Afghanistan , and defeating al Qaeda and its terrorist affiliates , while moving our economy from deep recession to enduring recovery . Even as we confront these crises , our national strategy must take a longer view . We must adapt and lead in a rapidly changing , interconnected world in which interests of nations and peoples are increasingly shared . " Homegrown terrorism represents a new phase of the terrorist threat , officials said . Earlier this month , Pakistani-American Faisal Shahzad was charged with trying to detonate a car bomb in New York 's bustling district of Times Square . U.S. Army Major Nidal Malik Hasan is suspected of fatally shooting 13 people at Fort Hood in November . Colorado resident Najibullah Zazi , an Afghan national , pleaded guilty in February for conspiring to detonate explosives in the New York subway system . David Headley , an American citizen from Chicago , Illinois , is accused of providing surveillance in the Mumbai , India , terrorist attacks that killed 160 people . "  We 've seen an increasing number of individuals here in the United States become captivated by extremist ideology or causes , " Brennan said . "  We have seen individuals , including U.S. citizens armed with their U.S. passports , travel easily to extremist safe havens , return to America , their deadly plans disrupted by coordinated intelligence and law enforcement . " Brennan , who made his comments at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , said that as the United States has strengthened its defenses against massive attacks like 9/11 , al Qaeda has shown itself to be a "  resilient , resourceful and determined enemy . " Brennan said al Qaeda is recruiting individuals with little training , attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks . "  They are seeking foot soldiers who might slip through our defense , " Brennan said . "  As our enemy adapts and evolves their tactics , so must we constantly adapt and evolve ours . " Brennan did not provide any specific details about the president 's strategy for combating al Qaeda and its affiliates , but said it "  will require a broad , sustained and integrated campaign that harnesses every tool of American power , military and civilian , kinetic and diplomatic . " The strategy is built around protecting "  four enduring U.S. national interests -- security , prosperity , values , and international order . " In order to achieve this , it must strengthen U.S. institutions , values , and infrastructure -- such as education , energy , science and technology , and health care . It calls for strong diplomatic efforts internationally and galvanizing "  collective action to address the share global challenges of our time . " "  Engagement begins with our friends and allies -- active partners in advancing common interests . We will continue to deepen our partnerships with increasingly active centers of influence -- cooperating when we can , and differing when we must . "  With adversarial regimes , engagement provides us a means of testing intentions , giving governments the opportunity to change course , and mobilizing international coalitions . " The strategy calls for updating "  all of the tools of American power , and work with our allies and partners to do the same . " "  These tools include those in the fields of defense , diplomatic , development , homeland security , the rule of law , intelligence , and strategic communications , as well as support the participation of the American people and private sector . We are working to strengthen each of these tools , but also to integrate them through coordinated planning and capacity building in key areas , " the strategy said .	Homegrown terrorism included after spate of terror-related plots Strategy acts as blueprint for how White House plans to protect Americans Strategy will require "  broad , " "  sustained " campaign against terror groups
CNN  -- Israel 's attack Monday on a boat traveling in international waters and carrying humanitarian supplies for Gaza killed at least nine people and sparked a series of recriminations around the world . Riyad Mansour , Palestinian ambassador to the United Nations , condemned the attack and called for an independent investigation "  to know who gave the orders from the Israeli side to open fire against civilians and to bring those people to face justice . " But Israeli officials described the boat 's passengers as the aggressors and said the soldiers from the Israel Defense Forces were simply defending themselves . "  They are not peace activists . They were not messengers of goodwill , " Daniel Carmon , Israel 's deputy ambassador to the United Nations , told reporters in New York . "  They cynically used the guise of humanitarian aid to send a message of hate and to implement violence . " Independent information was scant . The death toll and the account of what happened came from the Israelis , who did not release the names of any of the casualties . "  Free Gaza , " one of the group 's sponsors , said there were more casualties from the incident , though it did n't have an exact number . The surviving passengers were being held incommunicado by the Israelis , who detained them after escorting the six boats that had participated in the flotilla to the Israeli port city of Ashdod . Q&A on Israel 's Gaza blockade Three sailors who took part in the flotilla said Israeli troops stormed the Mavi Marmara , the largest ship , well into international waters . "  The commandos were coming down from the helicopter . No one on the ships had any weapons , " one of the sailors told CNN Turk after being flown back to Istanbul . The Free Gaza organization , one of the organizers of the protest , posted on its Twitter page that the incident unfolded about 4:30 a.m. , when Israeli commandos boarded the Mavi Marmara by helicopter . The troops "  immediately opened fire on unarmed civilians , " the group said . Video from the Israeli military showed soldiers rappelling onto the deck of the ship from a helicopter . The boarding of the ships took place in international waters more than 70 nautical miles  130 km  outside Israeli territorial waters , according to IHH , a humanitarian relief foundation and a sponsor of the flotilla . IHH is affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood , a hard-line Islamic political movement . Get the latest developments But the Israel Defense Forces said its troops "  were met with premeditated violence , evident by the activists ' use of clubs , metal rods , and knives , as well as the firing of two weapons stolen from the soldiers . " It said troops responded with "  defensive action on behalf of the forces who felt their lives were endangered , " and seven were wounded . The IDF released a video shot from above the ship that it said showed soldiers being attacked , though the distance from which it was shot precluded immediate confirmation . A senior Israeli military official , speaking on condition of anonymity in an account cleared by military censors , displayed a box containing switchblade knives , slingshots and metal balls and bats he said had been confiscated from one of the boats . "  This was not spontaneous , " he said . "  This was planned . " Israeli military gives version of flotilla incident A senior Israeli military official , speaking on condition of anonymity in an account cleared by military censors , displayed a box containing switchblade knives , slingshots and metal balls and bats he said had been confiscated from one of the boats . "  This was not spontaneous , " he said . "  This was planned . " Jonathan Peled , minister-counselor for the Israeli Embassy in Washington , said the soldiers were carrying paintball pistols when they boarded the flotilla , but switched to bullets when a naval commander was stabbed and others were attacked with knives and metal bars . Most of the dead were Turks , the Israeli senior military official said . Twenty other people were wounded . As many as nine Americans may have been aboard the boats , including Edward Peck , a former U.S. ambassador to Mauritania , according to Jonathan Slevin , a spokesman for the activist group Free Palestine Movement . One American who was being treated for minor injuries after the attack , a senior State Department official said late Monday . Israeli forces boarded the other ships in the flotilla without incident . The Turkish sailors said they were continuously shadowed by commandos aboard their own vessel , "  even when we needed to go to bathroom , " one said . The flotilla had left European ports in a protest organized by two pro-Palestinian groups to deliver 10,000 tons of food , medicine , construction materials , wheelchairs and other aid to Gaza to break a blockade imposed by Israel in 2007 . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who canceled his trip to Washington to return to Israel to manage the crisis , said Gaza has become a base for Hamas terrorists who have fired "  thousands of rockets " into Israel . "  What we want to prevent coming into Gaza are rockets , missiles , explosives and war material that could be used to attack our civilians , " he told reporters in Ottawa , Canada , with his Canadian counterpart . The attack sparked protests in several countries ; caused a diplomatic row between Israel and Turkey , its closest Muslim ally ; and brought condemnation worldwide . A number of nations recalled their ambassadors from Israel , while others called for a full investigation . The Palestinian Authority said in a statement its cabinet "  strongly condemned the Israeli crime against international supporters on board of the Freedom Flotilla . " Read more about world reaction Turkey , Israel 's closest Muslim ally in the region , recalled its ambassador , while Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc said the operation "  will leave a bloody stain on the history of humanity . " Israel said Sunday that Western and Turkish authorities have accused IHH of having "  working relations " with terrorist organizations . Of the hundreds of activists who were detained aboard the ships after they were escorted to the Israeli port of Ashdod , 15 were sent to Beer Sheva Prison , according to a spokesman for the Israeli prison authority . Another 25 were slated for deportation and 50 others who refused to identify themselves were being held separately . None was allowed to speak to the news media . A team from the Turkish Red Crescent will fly Tuesday to Tel Aviv to help coordinate the return of the dead and wounded , the organization said in a statement . Israel issued a "  serious travel warning " for Israelis visiting Turkey . Those planning to travel to Turkey were asked to postpone their trips , while those already in Turkey were advised to stay indoors . A Turkish travel agent said more than 15,000 Israelis had canceled plans to visit Turkey . In Gaza , Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri called for global support of the Palestinian cause . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called for three days of mourning in the Palestinian territories to honor the lives lost . "  We have consistently advised against attempting to access Gaza in this way , because of the risks involved , " said British Foreign Secretary William Hague . "  But at the same time , there is a clear need for Israel to act with restraint and in line with international obligations . " In Washington , White House spokesman Bill Burton said , "  The United States deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries sustained and is currently working to understand the circumstances surrounding this tragedy . " Israel instituted a blockade on Gaza in January 2006 , when Hamas won democratic elections in the Palestinian territories . It tightened that blockade in June 2007 , when Hamas took over Gaza , but allows about 15,000 tons of humanitarian aid into the territories each week , Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said . Since then , Israel has controlled entry of all manner of goods into Gaza , including instant coffee , chocolate and construction materials . Israel has said the latter could be used by Hamas to build bunkers . Since the summer of 2008 , five flotillas have gotten through the blockade to deliver humanitarian goods to Gaza . Monday 's flotilla was the largest such mission . CNN 's Ben Wedeman in Cairo , Egypt ; Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey ; Charley Keyes in Washington ; and Niki Cook in Paris , France , contributed to this report .	NEW : As many as nine Americans may have been aboard ship , activist says 9 dead in flotilla clash between activists , Israeli military Israel insists troops were defending themselves Netanyahu cuts Canadian trip short , cancels Obama meeting
CNN  -- In a new report , the U.S. National Intelligence Council predicts the winding down of "  Pax Americana " and China 's ascent as the world 's top economy by 2030 . That is , unless several "  Black Swan " events skew their predictions . On Monday , the report "  Global Trends 2030 : Alternative Worlds " forecast that U.S. economic and international influence will decline in the next two decades as a shift of global power moves from the West to the East , and from the North to the South . The relative importance of the U.S. as a global actor will decrease , as its economy and that of its western allies will decline . Meanwhile , rising states such as China , India and other Asian nations will contribute an increasingly large share of global financial growth . "  With the rapid rise of other countries , the ` unipolar moment ' is over , and ` Pax Americana ' -- the era of American ascendancy in international politics that began in 1945 -- is fast winding down , " the report states . However , despite a weaker economy , the U.S. will probably remain "  first among equals , " the report says , adding that it is very unlikely that any other nation could replace the U.S. as the leading world power . The report is largely optimistic about technological and economic advances in the next two decades . The numbers of people living in poverty is likely to drop sharply in East and South Asia , the Middle East and North Africa , with sub-Saharan Africa lagging behind . "  Under most scenarios -- except the most dire -- significant strides in reducing extreme poverty will be achieved by 2030 , " the report notes . What are those dire scenarios ? The report gives a list of eight "  Black Swan " scenarios -- a reference to Nassim Nicholas Taleb 's book "  Black Swan , " which posits that history is built on unforeseeable , surprise events . Global Trends 2030 's potential Black Swans 1 . Severe Pandemic "  No one can predict which pathogen will be the next to start spreading to humans , or when or where such a development will occur , " the report says . "  Such an outbreak could result in millions of people suffering and dying in every corner of the world in less than six months . " 2 . Much More Rapid Climate Change "  Dramatic and unforeseen changes already are occurring at a faster rate than expected . Most scientists are not confident of being able to predict such events . Rapid changes in precipitation patterns -- such as monsoons in India and the rest of Asia -- could sharply disrupt that region 's ability to feed its population . " 3 . Euro/EU collapse If Greece were to leave the euro zone in an unruly way , it could result in eight times the collateral damage as the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy , which could lead to a broader crisis in the EU in the future , the report says . 4 . A Democratic or Collapsed China "  China is slated to pass the threshold of US$ 15,000 per capita purchasing power parity  PPP  in the next five years or so -- a level that is often a trigger for democratization , " the report notes . "  Chinese ` soft ' power could be dramatically boosted , setting off a wave of democratic movements . Alternatively , many experts believe a democratic China could also become more nationalistic . An economically collapsed China would trigger political unrest and shock the global economy . " 5 . A Reformed Iran "  A more liberal regime could come under growing public pressure to end the international sanctions and negotiate an end to Iran 's isolation . An Iran that dropped its nuclear weapons aspirations and became focused on economic modernization would bolster the chances for a more stable Middle East . " 6 . Nuclear War or WMD / Cyber Attack "  Nuclear powers such as Russia and Pakistan and potential aspirants such as Iran and North Korea see nuclear weapons as compensation for other political and security weaknesses , heightening the risk of their use . The chance of nonstate actors conducting a cyber attack -- or using WMD  weapon of mass destruction  -- also is increasing . " 7 . Solar Geomagnetic Storms "  Solar geomagnetic storms could knock out satellites , the electric grid , and many sensitive electronic devices . The recurrence intervals of crippling solar geomagnetic storms , which are less than a century , now pose a substantial threat because of the world 's dependence on electricity , " the report says . 8 . U.S. Disengagement "  A collapse or sudden retreat of US power probably would result in an extended period of global anarchy ; no leading power would be likely to replace the United States as guarantor of the international order . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report	A report predicts that China will surpass the U.S. economy by 2030 Despite a weaker economy , the U.S. will probably remain "  first among equals , " the report says The report lists "  Black Swans , " unpredictable events that might upend predictions One "  Black Swan " event suggests U.S. disengagement could cause global anarchy
CNN  -- The U.S. military is promising action to address conditions in a barracks at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , after a soldier 's father posted images on YouTube showing a building that he said "  should be condemned . " A soldier battles overflowing sewage in the Fort Bragg barracks shortly after coming home from Afghanistan . "  This is embarrassing . It 's disgusting . It makes me mad as hell , " Ed Frawley said of the building where his son , Sgt. Jeff Frawley , had to live upon his return this month from a 15-month deployment to Afghanistan . Frawley said Monday that Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen. Dick Cody called him to say he shares Frawley 's anger and that "  there 's no excuse . " Cody said he would not want his own sons or any troops to return to such conditions , Frawley said . Frawley 's 10-minute video shows still photos from throughout the building , which appears to be falling apart and filled with mold and rust . Paint -- which Frawley said is lead-based -- is chipping . Ceiling tiles are missing . A broken drain pipe allows sewer gas into the building , while another one has tissues stuffed into it in an apparent effort to stop the gas from coming in . Photos from the communal bathroom show some of the most disgusting images . In one , a soldier stands in a sink to avoid what Frawley describes as 3 inches of sewage water that filled the floor when toilets overflowed . Watch the run-down conditions that soldiers have been living in " At times , "  sewage water backs up into the sinks in the lower floors of these barracks , " Frawley said in his narration . "  The soldiers have to tell one another who 's taking a shower when they turn the sinks on , or the person taking the shower gets scalded with hot water . " Frawley said the Army promised to have new barracks ready when his son 's unit , part of the 82nd Airborne Division , returned . "  The conditions depicted in Mr. Frawley 's video are appalling and unacceptable , and we are addressing the concerns he expressed , " said Maj. Tom Earnhardt , spokesman for the 82nd Airborne , in a written statement . "  Our paratroopers are our most valuable resource , and our commitment is to their well-being . Our actions now must represent the best we can do for our soldiers . " "  Fundamentally , we acknowledge these conditions are not adequate by today 's standards , " he added . "  The images in Mr. Frawley 's video are alarming , and our soldiers deserve the best conditions we can provide as an institution . " Watch an interview with Frawley " Officials at the base invited the media into the barracks and acknowledged that there are serious problems . Earnhardt said the building had been mostly unused during the 15 months Frawley and his unit were away . Fort Bragg has a massive construction project under way to create housing , but it is behind schedule , Earnhardt said . The buildings used by the 82nd Airborne are about 50 years old , he said . Earnhardt said the incident with the overflowing toilet took place the first day after the unit 's return and has been addressed . Sen. Elizabeth Dole is among government officials who have responded to the video . In a written statement , she called living conditions in the barracks "  unacceptable " and said the situation "  must be immediately corrected . " Ed Frawley said he is "  hoping no one gets fired . I just want to see it get fixed . " "  They have the slowest contractors in the world , " he said , adding that people in jail live "  in better conditions . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike Phelan , Sarah Carden and Mary Lynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Video shows moldy , rusty building with paint chipping ; broken drain pipe Picture : Soldier in a sink to prevent 3 inches of sewage water from overflowing "  This is embarrassing . It 's disgusting , " soldier 's father says Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen. Dick Cody : "  There 's no excuse " for conditions
A Florida woman who 'd been sentenced to 20 years imprisonment in a "  stand your ground " case accepted a plea bargain Monday that greatly reduces her sentence . The 20-year sentence came in a case in which the woman , a mother of three , said she was attempting to flee her husband on August 1 , 2010 , when she picked up a handgun and fired a shot into a wall . Nobody was struck by the bullet . After having the initial conviction overturned , Marissa Alexander was sentenced Monday to 65 days in jail on two counts of aggravated assault , with credit for time already served since her 2012 conviction . She will also serve two years under house arrest , and she agreed to wear a monitoring device . She will be sentenced later on a third aggravated assault count . "  She was sitting in prison with a 20-year sentence , " one of her lawyers , Bruce Zimit , told CNN affiliate WJXT . "  Bottom line , she 's going to be finishing the case with a three-year sentence plus whatever else the judge does at sentencing " on the third count . Alexander said her husband had read cell phone text messages that she had written to her ex-husband , got angry and tried to strangle her . Authorities said Alexander needed to be prosecuted because she fired in the direction of a room where children were standing . One of the prosecutors said she offered Alexander a plea bargain that would have resulted in a three-year prison sentence , but Alexander chose to take her chances at trial , where a conviction would bring an enhanced sentence for the use of a firearm . A jury convicted her in Duval County and she was sentenced to 20 years in prison . Later an appeals court ordered a new trial because the trial judge mishandled instructions to the jury . The case focused the spotlight on Florida 's "  stand your ground " law after she unsuccessfully argued before her 2012 trial that she was immune to prosecution because of the law . Zimit said Alexander took the plea deal because "  She wanted to get the case over with and get back to her family . "	Marissa Alexander unsuccessfully invoked Florida 's ` stand your ground ' law She initially was sentenced to 20 years in prison for firing a gun inside her house Her lawyer : "  She wanted to get the case over with and get back to her family " First conviction was overturned by an appeals court , deal gives her shorter sentence
CNN  -- Kate Upton graces the cover of Sports Illustrated 's annual swimsuit issue , barely suited up in Antarctica 's early spring weather of about 24 degrees Fahrenheit .  With wind chill , it felt like minus 20 degrees  . Upton does n't show any signs of goose bumps in the pictures . She no doubt got the chilliest assignment of the 17 models who posed for this year 's swimsuit issue on seven continents . Those logistics are the work of Sports Illustrated 's senior editor for the swimsuit issue , MJ Day , and her team , who spend most of the year on the road shooting . For this year 's 50th annual issue , years of negotiating visas and access paid off in shots on each of the world 's seven continents .  Sports Illustrated , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner . Antarctica was "  the ` Hail Mary ' pass of our year , " said Day , using perhaps the only sports metaphor applicable to the issue , on newsstands February 12 . "  I could have had a blizzard . Kate could have had shivering fits you could not shoot around .  Instead  we had six days of perfect weather . " Day packed coats and wool socks for that trip in addition to the items more typically in her travel bags : Some 500 to 800 bathing suits , double stick tape , clothespins , safety pins , binder clips , liners from the cups of bathing suits  for use as knee pads  , suntan lotion , bug spray and flip-flops . While Day is a veteran road warrior traveling to many places most people will never see , even she was taken by her adventures this past year . Here are Day 's favorite spots from her year 's travels on each of the continents . 8 getaways we wish we could afford Antarctica : Kodak Alley The Sports Illustrated team traveled to Antarctica in early December  early spring on the frozen continent  on the Abercrombie & Kent ship Le Boreal , enjoying a rare "  six-day stretch of perfect weather " on the journey from Tierra del Fuego . "  Antarctica was my favorite place on Earth , " said Day . "  I 'm one of the most jaded travelers you will ever meet , but the whole thing was a religious experience . Spend your money . It 's worth it . " On the journey , they crossed a channel called Kodak Alley , where twilight arrived around midnight . "  The sun sets in a shade of orange and mountains turn pink -- not a hint of pink , but as if someone poured pink paint over the mountains . You ca n't sleep because it 's too awe-inspiring . Sleeping is not important . Seeing this is . " The photographer could only shoot Upton outside for a couple of minutes at a time before the crew , all bundled from head to toe , would rush to put heating pads in her bathing suit and cover her with electric warming coats . "  The entire crew surprised her the last day of her  six-day  shoot wearing bathing suits as a sign of support and thanks , " said Day . "  I was probably in my suit for five minutes and went so numb . " Africa : Wolwedans , NamibRand Nature Reserve , Namibia Wolwedans is a group of lodges and camps that are part of the privately held NamibRand Nature Reserve in the southwest Namib Desert . "  I 've been to sandy places such as Tunisia and the Sahara and seen those endless dunes , but the dunes here were the most intense shade of red I 've ever seen in my life , " said Day . "  The sand in Namibia has such a high iron content . As the iron oxidizes , the redder it becomes . The further inland you go , the redder the sand gets : white to orange to insane red . " The Wolwedans runs on solar power , which means no sounds of generators to disturb the natural beauty . The lodge grows some of its own food and runs in partnership with a culinary school , "  so the food is incredible , really wholesome , delicious and natural . You feel like ` I 'm living and I 'm living right . ' " "  The level of quiet you experience is surreal . This is the perfect place to go to when you need to rest your soul . " The perfect beach for you Asia : Dragon 's Backbone Rice Terraces , China It took more than two years to negotiate the visas to get into China to shoot , and Day was n't sure it would ever happen . The shoot came to life at Dragon 's Backbone Rice Terraces , an 800-year-old terraced rice paddy built into the mountains in Guangxi Province . "  It 's the most ethereal , beautiful , surprising place on Earth to me , " said Day . "  These incredibly distinctive mountains were like what kids draw , up and down and up down . They were incredibly green , rich , lush and misty in the mornings . " The hike is so strenuous up the mountain stairs that many visitors hire the local Yao women to act as guides . The women of the Yao ethnic minority group , who are known for their brightly colored clothing and long hair styled atop their heads , helped the crew haul equipment for the shoots at the bottom and top of the hike , and at points along the way . World 's most romantic islands Australia : Whitehaven Beach , Whitsunday Island It takes a lot for a beach to impress Day , who is not impressed by the backdrop that most beaches have to offer a photo shoot . Whitehaven Beach also was n't an easy spot for a shoot : It takes a 20-minute seaplane ride or longer boat ride to get there , and there were n't any amenities .  Just a handful of the 74 islands known as the Whitsundays have accommodations .  So the team stayed on nearby Hayman Island , another one of the Whitsunday islands and took off at first light for two days of shooting on the white sand silica beach . "  It 's quite honestly one of the most beautiful striking and isolated beaches I 've ever been to , " said Day . "  People claim it 's the most pristine beach in the world . The water is right off the barrier reef , and it 's this incredible shade of turquoise . It 's not close to anything . You have to pack in and pack out . " Europe : Seville , Spain May adored the elegance of Seville , with its blend of Moorish and Spanish culture . While she and her team usually work wearing T-shirts , baseball caps and jeans , she dressed up a bit for the Seville shoots and packed dresses and heels for dinner after work in the capital of Spain 's sun-splashed Andalucia province . "  It 's an incredibly ornate city , " she said . "  People are so regal . They get dressed to go out  anywhere  . I do n't think I saw a pair of sweats when I was there . And everywhere you look there 's another shot . " While she had trouble choosing a favorite spot in Seville , she did enjoy shooting in the Plaza de Espana and near the Catedral de Sevilla , the largest Gothic building in Europe . They also did photo shoots with horses at an equestrian school "  with amazing white stallions , jumping . " 7 swanky ski hotels on U.S. slopes North America : The Exuma Cays , Bahamas Back to the beach , Day chose a spot where she has worked before to shoot the swimsuit issue 's body painting story . She values the Exumas , an archipelago of 365 cays about 35 miles from Nassau , for its privacy and solitude . "  You 're not fighting for blanket space on the beach and the waters are perfectly turquoise , " she said . "  We saw the most glorious sunsets you 've ever seen in your life . Every day , the tide would change and look different . " South America : Easter Island , Chile Visiting Easter Island has been on May 's bucket list for some time , but even after landing in the remote island , she was n't sure she would get her shot . Lots of on-site negotiation went into getting permission to shoot close to the sacred Moai statues , more than 800 of which were carved from the island 's volcanic stone sometime between the ninth and 17th centuries . "  Everyone knows about it but they 're just getting their hook into tourism , and they 've embraced ecotourism , " she said . The differences in topography on Easter Island made for a great shoot : "  There are black rocks , deforested planes , the Moai jutting out , " said Day . "  They 've replanted a lot and a couple spots look like you 're in Hawaii with white sand beaches . " It 's a tough job , but someone 's got to do it . Can airliners really fly upside down ?	Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit issue editor travels the world much of the year for her work Her suitcases are filled with swimsuits , suntan lotion , double-sided tape and binder clips It took five years of negotiations to schedule an early spring photo shoot in Antarctica China took more than two years of prodding to clear visas for the shoot
So , maybe some of you new parents have seen this show , "  Game of Thrones ? " When the Social Security Administration released its annual list of the most popular names on Thursday , all the usual winners were there : Jacob and Sophia are tops . Again . But the fastest riser for girls in 2012 was Arya , shooting to 413 from 711 in 2011 and 942 in 2010 . It 's the name of a beloved character in the "  Game of Thrones " series on HBO . The youngest daughter of the Stark family , Arya  played by Maisie Williams  is a fan favorite -- a defiant tomboy with a stubborn , independent streak -- and the polar opposite of her proper sister , Sansa . Arya is happier firing arrows on the archery range or secretly attending "  dance lessons " with Syrio , a trained killer who teaches her to wield her sword , Needle . Based on "  A Song of Ice and Fire , " the epic fantasy novels by George R.R. Martin , "  Game of Thrones " has been a breakout hit for HBO .  HBO and CNN are units of Time Warner .  Now in its third season , the show initially delighted genre fans , but quickly built a much larger audience with its blend of action , intrigue and ample doses of sex and violence . For the record , Sansa , Syrio and Needle are nowhere in the top 1,000 . The fastest riser for boys in 2012 -- Major , coming in at 483 -- is harder to peg . The Social Security Administration helpfully points out that it could be "  in tribute to the brave members of the U.S. military , " or perhaps because Major is the name of the youngest son of designers Cortney and Robert Novogratz on the HGTV show "  Home by Novogratz . " Parents submit children 's names when applying for Social Security numbers when they 're born . Popular names sometimes reflect characters in pop culture , style icons or plain old demographic changes.The names Gael and Perla also rose fast in 2012 , the Social Security Administration said , noting that both are popular among Spanish speakers . Rounding out the top 10 for boys in 2012 were Mason , Ethan , Noah , William , Liam , Jayden , Michael , Alexander and Aiden . Jacob has dominated the top spot since 1999 . Liam made its debut in the top 10 in 2012 , booting Daniel . For girls , other top names were Emma , Isabella , Olivia , Ava , Emily , Abigail , Mia , Madison and Elizabeth . It 's not Elizabeth 's first trip to the top , but it did replace Chloe on the list in 2012 . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Jacob and Sophia were top baby names in 2012 , Social Security Administration says Jacob has topped the list since 1999 ; Sophia since 2011 Arya , the name of a "  Game of Thrones " character , is rising fast for girls
CNN  -- Deep red roses , waxy white lilies and bright , cheery sunflowers ; as single blooms and in large bouquets , they pile up close to desk 29 at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport . Twenty-four hours ago this was where Malaysia Airlines ' Flight MH17 passengers checked in before boarding their ill-fated plane ; bound for Kuala Lumpur , their journey would end far too soon , in a Ukrainian field close to the border with Russia . On Thursday , Suzan De Wit was chatting to many of those fliers . A customs officer at the airport , she helped them claim back their VAT  sales tax  before leaving the country . A day later , a crying De Wit was among those leaving floral tributes to the dead , still stunned by the tragedy that had unfolded . "  We saw a lot of the people that are on the plane and it 's just really weird to me to imagine that they are gone , " she explained tearfully . Like De Wit , many of the others bringing flowers had little connection to those on the plane . Here to catch flights of their own , they dash inside , stopping at the airport florist -- more used to creating "  welcome home " bouquets than funereal arrangements -- before walking back out onto the sidewalk to lay their offerings on the concrete . Outside the terminal , there are plenty of signs that this is no ordinary day at Schiphol , one of the world 's busiest airports : The growing pile of flowers , the condolence book rapidly filling with messages of grief and support and , across the road , past the lines of cars pulling up to drop travelers off , huge numbers of film crews from across the world . But step inside the building , and it is business as usual : passengers looking forward to long-awaited holidays or arriving in the city for business meetings wheel suitcases across the concourse , shops and cafes are busy , and flights take off and land as usual . This extreme normality caused difficulties for at least one man , distressed and desperate to find out what had happened to his business partner , who he feared was on Flight MH17 , and who was not answering his increasingly frantic calls . With no signs offering advice to those trying to check up on possible passengers , he was left wandering the airport , shuttling from one information desk to another , clutching one mobile phone to his ear and another in his hand as he tried to reach someone , anyone , who could tell him if his friend was on board . Sadly , there was to be no good news ; after one call , crying "  I knew it , I knew he was on the plane ! " he hurried away . Many of the relatives of those on the plane are being cared for at a local hotel while they work out what to do next . The airline has offered them $ 5,000 compensation to cover their immediate expenses , and has said it will try and find a way of getting them to the crash site if they want to see it . It says visiting the site where a plane came down has proved helpful to relatives in some previous cases , but the location of MH17 's final resting place -- in the middle of a conflict zone -- makes this problematic , to say the least . As the arguments and investigations over what brought down the plane go on , elsewhere in the Netherlands , other makeshift shrines are popping up . In the North Holland fishing village of Volendam , bouquets have been laid outside a flower shop owned by Neeltje Tol , who is believed to have been on the downed plane . Tol 's boyfriend , Cor Schilder , apparently posted a jokey picture of the Malaysia Airlines plane on Facebook shortly before take-off : "  In case it goes missing , this is what the plane looks like . " On Friday , stunned customers and friends stopped by to sign a book of condolence and pay tribute to the florist ; one weeping woman , a regular visitor to the store , said Tol was "  a very nice girl " who would be sadly missed . As word spreads of those caught up in the tragedy , the number of mourners is only likely to increase in the coming days . CNN Flight 17 full coverage CNN 's Saima Mohsin , Erin McLaughlin , Alex Felton and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	Signs of MH17 tragedy at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport , where ill-fated plane took off Friends and complete strangers among those leaving floral tributes at terminal building Malaysia Airlines ' Flight MH17 to Kuala Lumpur crashed near Ukraine-Russia border U.S. believes plane was likely shot down by surface-to-air missile
Health.com  -- Get excited : You can burn calories and combat fat by eating yummy food . "  If you choose the right picks , studies show you can torch up to 300 extra calories a day , " says Dr. Pamela Peeke , author of "  The Hunger Fix . " Whole , unrefined foods are your heroes . Your metabolism has to work harder to break them down than processed ones , so you 're zapping more calories -- and storing less as fat . These recipes double up  even triple up  on foods with serious metabolism-boosting power . Take that , dastardly fat ! Salmon What a catch ! Research suggests the omega-3s in salmon and other fatty fish help build muscle -- and the more muscle you have , the more calories you burn . Omega-3s may also help reduce fat storage by lowering cortisol levels  scientists have yet to confirm how  . Go for : Two 3-oz servings of fatty fish per week . Health.com : New ways to boost your metabolism Yogurt Calcium-rich foods have slimming superpowers . Get too little of this mineral and your body 's more likely to pack away calories as fat , according to a review of studies . With up to 50 % more calcium per ounce than milk , yogurt is a potent source . Better yet , its probiotics may help keep belly fat under control . Go for : At least two servings a day . Avocado For a speedy metabolism , you need to keep inflammation in check and blood vessels clear and supple . Avocado 's unique combo of essential fatty acids , monounsaturated fats , and antioxidants helps you do just that . Plus , one avocado 's 14 grams of fiber kicks up your calorie burn . Go for : One to two daily servings of foods high in healthy fats . Health.com : Best superfoods for weight loss Beans High in resistant starch and fiber , beans force your system to use extra energy  as in calories  to break them down . Research from the University of Colorado suggests that if you choose foods high in resistant starch -- it 's also found in whole grains and not-quite-ripe bananas -- you can increase your calorie-burning power by up to 24 % over the course of the day . Go for : One serving of a resistant-starch food per meal . Chili peppers Feel the burn ? It 's more than mere sensation : chilies ' heat signals the presence of capsaicin , a compound that , along with capsiate , can propel the body to scorch an extra 50 to 100 calories following a spicy meal . Go for : Chilies as hot as you can stand .  But watch out ! The hottest ones -- habanero , Scotch bonnet , and Thai or Indian peppers -- are too fiery for many people . Health.com : The best and worst foods for digestion Green tea This packs caffeine and antioxidants called catechins , a dynamic duo believed to stimulate your nervous system and increase fat-burning . Studies suggest that drinking green tea can help you drop pounds and trim your waist . Go for : Several cups a day  keeping in mind how caffeine affects you  . Coffee You use it to wake up -- and your metabolism will , too . The caffeine in one cup of joe temporarily perks up your metabolism by as much as 15 percent . Caffeine also helps mobilize the forces that burn stored fat . Go for : One to two cups a day , especially before exercise . Health.com : Big perks : coffee 's health benefits Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Eating certain foods can help you burn calories , experts say Unrefined and whole foods are best : they require more energy to break down Salmon , yogurt and coffee are among the better foods
CNN  -- A man believed to be at the center of a global football match-fixing ring is co-operating with authorities in Singapore , it was announced on Friday . Singaporean businessman Tan Seet Eng , also known as Dan Tan , is thought to be a key figure in an ongoing investigation into corruption in soccer by global law enforcers Interpol . The news follows Thursday 's arrest of Admir Suljic in Italy , a 31-year-old Slovenian who has been accused of being directly involved with a transnational criminal group targeted by Interpol 's "  Last Bet " investigation . The group , thought to be composed of individuals from Singapore and the Balkans , is said to have influenced the results of Italian league matches in the 2009-10 and 2010-11 seasons . "  The Singapore authorities have been offering assistance and sharing available information with affected countries and will continue to do so , " read a statement from Singapore police . "  Dan Tan Seet Eng , a Singaporean who has been named in reports so far , is currently assisting Singapore authorities in their investigations . " Police in the Asian country passed on information to Interpol which made possible the arrest of Suljic , who had been a fugitive since December 2011 . The statement continued : "  In response to media queries , the Singapore Police Force confirms that it had informed Interpol National Central Bureau  NCB  Rome and Interpol 's Command and Coordination Centre at Interpol HQ in Lyon , France of the travel plans of a person wanted by the Italian authorities for investigations into match-fixing . "  The Singapore Police provided this information as part of the regular and ongoing exchange that the Singapore Police Force has with its counterparts . "  The person has since been arrested by the Italian authorities and NCB Rome has sent a message to NCB Singapore thanking the Police for its support in this matter . " Earlier this month , senior European crime fighters Europol detailed how match-fixing had reached the upper echelons of European football . Two matches in the continent 's leading club competition , the European Champions League , were among 380 matches in 15 different countries deemed suspicious by Europol . Rob Wainwright , director of the European law enforcement agency , branded it "  a sad day for European football " while the general secretary of football 's global governing body FIFA told CNN match-fixing was a "  disease . " Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua were stripped of a domestic league title won in 2003 and fined $ 160,000 on Tuesday following a crackdown on corruption . Shenhua were one of 12 clubs involved , along with 33 individuals . Four former China national team players and a former World Cup referee were banned for life , having been jailed a year ago for the same offenses .	Key suspect in soccer match-fixing assisting police in Singapore Tan Seet Eng , known as Dan Tan , a key figure in investigation by Interpol Slovenian Admir Suljic arrested by police in Italy on Thursday 380 matches in 15 different countries deemed suspicious by Europol
The man accused of opening fire at a Seattle college had a fascination with school shootings , telling investigators he had once visited Columbine High School , a police source told CNN affiliate KIRO on Friday . According to the unnamed police source , the suspect admitted to the attack and told police he "  wanted to shoot up a school . " Aaron Ybarra , 26 , of Mountlake Terrace , was ordered held without bail in connection with the shooting at Seattle Pacific University that left one dead and two wounded , Leesa Manion , a spokeswoman for the King County prosecutor , said . Charges against Ybarra are pending , she said . The shooting at the university on Thursday afternoon began when a man armed with a shotgun opened fire inside Otto Harris Hall , which houses the engineering , math and science departments . Authorities say the gunman walked into the building 's foyer , confronted three students and then shot them . The shooting rampage ended when a student security guard doused the shooter with pepper spray and tackled him as he tried to reload his shotgun , police said . ` Long-standing mental health issues ' Ybarra is n't a student at the school . Police say they think he acted alone , but the investigation is continuing . "  So far , police have not found any connection between the suspect , Seattle Pacific University or any of the victims , " according to statement released by the Seattle Police Department . Ybarra had a history of mental health problems and is on suicide watch at the jail , public defender Ramona Brandes said Ybarra has "  significant and long-standing mental health issues , including delusions that were in play " at the time of the shooting , she told reporters . " ... He 's on suicide watch for a reason . He did not think he was going to survive yesterday . He intended to die . " She declined to comment on what Ybarra told authorities , including his claim that he visited Columbine -- the Colorado school where a mass shooting carried out by two students in April 1999 left 13 people dead and 24 wounded . Brandes said Ybarra is aware of what happened . "  He is cognizant of the suffering of the victims and their families and the entire Seattle Pacific community , " she said . "  He is sorry . " Ybarra had several run-ins with police in recent years . He was taken into custody in 2010 and 2012 for a mental health hold , Mountlake Terrace Assistant Police Chief Pete Caw told CNN . In both cases , authorities determined Ybarra was intoxicated , incoherent and suicidal , Caw said . The image of the suspect as a gun-toting killer is a difficult one to reconcile for those who know him . One friend described Ybarra as "  socially awkward " but "  appreciative , " according to CNN affiliate KOMO . "  I have no idea what set him off , " said Nate Flesch . "  That 's why this whole thing kind of surprises me -- that he was trying to turn his life around , that he was trying to be a better person , and he was kind of working on his social skills , too . " ` I 'm grateful ' Ybarra is accused of killing Paul Lee , a 19-year-old student , authorities said . One of the wounded , a 19-year-old woman , was in serious condition in intensive care Friday after five hours of surgery the day before , Susan Gregg of Harborview Medical Center said . A second victim , a 24-year-old man , was discharged Friday , she said . Police are convinced the shooter would have killed or wounded more people had those around him not intervened . "  This story is not about an evil act but about the people that actually lived through this scenario and assisted each other when things were pretty tragic , " said Seattle police Assistant Chief Paul McDonagh . University President Daniel J. Martin praised the school 's students , emotionally telling CNN affiliate KCPQ that they had "  acted without regard for their own safety . " KOMO identified the student security guard who tackled the suspect as Jon Meis . "  He saw the guy and got his pepper spray , sprayed him and tackled him , " Meis ' friend Patrick Maguire told KOMO . Maguire said he 's not surprised that Meis did n't hesitate to put his own life in danger to save others . "  I could have been one of these people that was injured or in critical condition , " he said . "  A lot of  students  were in that building and he stopped him in the lobby . He did n't get any farther than that . I 'm grateful for him . Who is the hero student who pounced on the Seattle gunman ?	One victim has been discharged from the hospital , a spokeswoman says Suspect has "  significant , long-standing mental health issues , " attorney says Authorities have identified the student who was killed as Paul Lee College student hailed as hero for stopping further violence
