Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray 's defense team challenged the motives and methods of the prosecution 's anesthesiology expert Friday , while the judge threatened to hold the defense propofol expert in contempt for comments he made about the prosecution . Dr. Steven Shafer , the last prosecution witness , will still be on the witness stand when the trial resumes Monday . Shafer testified Thursday that the "  only scenario " to explain Michael Jackson 's death was that he overdosed on propofol infused through an IV drip set up by Dr. Murray . Prosecutors argue that Murray 's reckless use of the surgical anesthetic propofol to help Jackson sleep led to his death , while the defense contends Jackson self-administered the fatal dose , along with sedatives , without Murray knowing . Shafer , in his testimony Thursday , said the level of propofol in Jackson 's blood taken during his autopsy could not have been from either Murray or Jackson injecting the drug , but only from an IV system that was still flowing when his heart stopped . Prosecutors , however , opened the door for one scenario in which Jackson , not Murray , could have triggered the overdose . "  Can you rule out the possibility that Michael Jackson manipulated something to cause it to flow ? " Deputy District Attorney David Walgren asked Friday . "  That 's a possibility , " Shafer said . But that is assuming Murray set up the drip and left Jackson 's side , he said . Would Shafer 's opinion that Murray was responsible for Jackson 's death change if he knew Jackson turned the drip on ? "  No , if Michael Jackson had reached up , seen the roller clamp and opened it himself , this is a foreseeable consequence of setting up an essentially dangerous way of giving drugs , " Shafer said . "  It does n't change things at all . It would still be considered abandonment . " Lead defense lawyer Ed Chernoff decided to conduct Shafer 's cross-examination instead of leaving it to Michael Flanagan , the defense team 's most knowledgeable lawyer about propofol . Toxicology studies of drugs in Jackson 's blood and computer models Shafer used to analyze how he died were overshadowed Friday when Chernoff focused on the personal and professional rivalry between Shafer and Dr. Paul White , the defense expert . The experts first met in 1978 when White was an assistant professor at Stanford University and Shafer was a medical student . They became friends and co-authored research papers , but this trial appears to have changed their friendship . Chernoff accused Shafer of wanting to "  shove it down his  White 's  professional throat " in a question stricken from the record by Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor . White was lectured by Judge Pastor about comments about Shafer attributed to him in an online blog . White admitted Friday that he told a reporter that he had changed his opinion of Shafer after hearing his testimony Thursday . "  I was his teacher when he was a medical student , " E! News Online quoted White as saying . "  The truth will come out . It always does . " White denied calling Shafer "  a scumbag , " as the website quoted him as saying . Pastor , who imposed a gag order on all parties in the trial , set a contempt of court hearing for White next month . "  You are not in any way shape or form , to comment on your views regarding the state of the evidence , witnesses or your views as to any counsel in this case , " Pastor said . Chernoff cross-examined Shafer about the assumptions he used to reconstruct an IV drip system he believed Murray set up next to Jackson 's bed . Shafer demonstrated the system in his testimony Thursday . Shafer testified that he did not think it was significant that investigators never found a key component of the tubing in the system . "  It 's so easy to remove , " Shafer said . Murray appeared visibly shaken by Shafer 's testimony Thursday , especially when he demonstrated his version of the IV drip . Jackson died because Murray failed to notice that his patient had stopped breathing while he was hooked up to an IV drip of propofol , Shafer testified . The doctor should have realized Jackson had stopped breathing about 11:45 a.m. on June 25 , 2009 , he said . "  When you 're there , you see it , you know it , " Shafer said . Phone records and testimony showed that Murray was on the phone with one of his clinics , a patient , and then a girlfriend about the time that Shafer calculated the oxygen in Jackson 's lungs became depleted , causing his heart to stop beating . "  Had Conrad Murray been with Michael Jackson during this period of time , he would have seen the slowed breathing and the compromise in the flow of air into Michael Jackson 's lungs , and he could have easily turned off the propofol infusion , " Shafer said Murray , accused of involuntary manslaughter , could have then easily cleared Jackson 's airways and restored his breathing by lifting his chin , he said . Earlier testimony from paramedics and emergency room doctors said Jackson was clinically dead by the time an ambulance arrived at the pop icon 's Los Angeles home nearly a half-hour after Murray realized there was a problem . The last three prosecution experts , all medical experts , focused the Murray trial on the science surrounding Jackson 's death , a contrast to earlier testimony from Murray 's girlfriends and Jackson employees . Shafer demonstrated how he believed Murray set up the propofol infusion by hanging a 100-milliliter vial from a stand with tubing attached that would have led to a catheter port in Jackson 's left leg . "  This is the only scenario that I could generate " that would produce the high level of propofol found in Jackson 's blood during his autopsy , Shafer said . "  This fits all of the data in this case , and I am not aware of any data that is inconsistent with this explanation , " he said . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's death was caused by a combination of sedatives with the propofol , which Murray admitted in a police interview that he used to help Jackson sleep . The defense contends that Jackson swallowed eight lorazepam tablets , a claim based on testing of lorazepam levels in Jackson 's stomach contents . Shafer discredited the defense lab tests , saying a new test showed the equivalent of only "  1/43rd of a tablet " of the sedative in the stomach . The level of lorazepam in Jackson 's blood was far higher than what would be expected based on the dosages Dr. Murray told detectives he gave Jackson in the hours before his death , Shafer said . Murray said he gave Jackson a total of 4 milligrams of lorazepam in two separate doses starting 10 hours before his death . Toxicology results indicated that Jackson was given 40 milligrams -- not four -- in a series of 10 doses , he said . Shafer testified Wednesday that Jackson would be alive now but for 17 "  egregious deviations " by Murray from the standard of care required of physicians . Murray 's use of propofol almost every night for two months to help Jackson sleep was so unusual , there is no documentation on the dangers , Shafer said . "  We are in pharmacological never-neverland here , " Shafer said , "  something that 's only been done to Michael Jackson . " The trial is expected to conclude with the start of jury deliberations possible as soon as the end of next week .	NEW : Defense anesthesiology expert faces a contempt of court hearing NEW : Dr. Steven Shafer says Michael Jackson could have turned the fatal IV drip on himself NEW : If Jackson infused himself with propofol , Dr. Conrad Murray 's still guilty , Shafer says Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial could to go the jury the end of next week
CNN  -- AT&T has announced a plan that could see high-speed fiber Internet networks rolled out in as many as 100 cities in 21 metro regions throughout the United States . It 's a move that puts the telecommunications company in a head-to-head battle with Google , which has begun its own charge to dramatically Increase internet speeds in various cities . The network , called AT&T U-verse With GigaPower , is able to deliver broadband at up to 1 gigabit per second . That 's roughly 100 times faster than current speeds in many parts of the nation . The company plans to enter discussions with local leaders in areas it has identified as having suitable existing networks and likely high demand for the service . "  This initiative continues AT&T 's ongoing commitment to economic development in these communities , bringing jobs , advanced technologies and infrastructure , " the company said in a news release . The metropolitan areas being considered are : Atlanta ; Augusta , Georgia ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; Chicago ; Cleveland ; Fort Worth , Texas ; Fort Lauderdale , Florida ; Greensboro , North Carolina ; Houston ; Jacksonville , Florida ; Kansas City , Kansas ; Los Angeles ; Miami ; Nashville ; Oakland , California ; Orlando , Florida ; San Antonio , Texas ; San Diego ; St. Louis ; San Francisco , and San Jose . AT&T had already announced plans to install the high-speed network in Austin and Dallas , Texas , and says it is in "  advanced discussions " with Raleigh-Durham and Winston-Salem , North Carolina . It 's worth emphasizing that none of this is a guarantee yet . More likely , it 's AT&T publicly pointing out locations it thinks are good candidates for network upgrades . Google , meanwhile , first launched Google Fiber in 2012 . That service also promises speeds of 1 gigabit per second , which the company says could allow someone at full capacity to download an entire feature-length movie in 38 seconds . Google has already brought the service to Kansas City , Kansas ; and Provo , Utah and plans to roll out in Austin , Texas , by the end of this year . Google connects fiberoptic cables directly to a home or office in order to give users broadband Internet and television service . In Kansas City and Provo , Google 's ultra-fast Internet service costs $ 70 a month for Internet , or $ 120 if you add streaming video . In February , Google said it 's exploring plans to lay down the special cables in nine more metro areas : Atlanta , Charlotte , Nashville , Phoenix , Portland , Raleigh-Durham , Salt Lake City , San Antonio and San Jose . That includes 34 cities in those regions .	AT&T looks to bring high-speed Internet to 21 major metro areas AT&T U-Verse With GigaPower offers speeds up to 1 gigabit per second The move would compete with Google Fiber with similar speed
One of the most common questions a pregnant woman gets asked : "  Is this your first ? " -- suggesting there were more or will be more . But how many children you choose to have has a fundamental influence on your capacity to juggle the 21st century work-life balance . More kids simply demand more resources : energy , money and time . This is an aspect of family life that does n't get discussed much . If our increasingly wired lives leave us starved for time and more scattered in our attention , having an only child can be a path to freedom . According to the National Center for Health Statistics , single-child families have almost doubled in number since the 1960s . And yet , our public conversation has n't caught up to this increasingly common reality . Those who choose to have one child are often confronted with not so subtle snooping on the part of neighbors and friends . Infertility problems ? Marriage on the rocks ? Too career focused ? We simply assume people are having multiple children unless we learn otherwise . In some ways , multiple children are the "  American dream " story of the work/family debate . Just as the Horatio Alger tale urges us that no matter where we come from , we can work our way up the ladder one rung at a time  ignoring systemic and structural factors  , the superwoman tale pretends that there are no limits to a mother 's resources  ignoring , well , the realities of the space-time continuum .  There 's always more room in the womb and more time in the day ; as long as she 's got a smartphone and a big heart . But in a new book , "  One and Only : Why Having an Only Child , and Being One , is Better Than You Think , " journalist Lauren Sandler is n't buying it . She writes , "  One of the central myths of America is that we can engineer a life without tradeoffs . " She counters all the stereotypes of only children -- selfish , lonely , maladjusted -- with a range of convincing research , explores the environmental arguments for keeping families small , and also looks at the evidence that children from one-child families tend to achieve more and , as a result , can contribute more to society . Just a few examples : Condi Rice , Alicia Keys and Chelsea Clinton are all only children . The important questions center around our assumptions about family , what makes us happy , fulfilled and loved . In other words , how do we recognize our full range of choices as parents ? "  Is happiness the result of finding purpose and meaning ? Is it the absence of depression ? " Sandler contends that "  it has a lot to do with having the freedom to live the life you want to live , whether that means five kids , or one , or none at all . " It is what we know in our heart of hearts , even when we 're fully ensconced in the myth -- sucking down a smoothie while driving our kid to school , rescheduling a doctor 's appointment , and trying to read the notes for the morning 's meeting all at the same miserable moment . It is related to the work-life balance issues that Anne-Marie Slaughter and Sheryl Sandberg touched on . We are human , and as such , we have limits . Whether you scale back your job , scale back your social time , scale back your self-care , scale back your child care assistance , or scale back your family size -- something 's got ta give . Admitting that is n't just a smart strategy for a saner life . It cuts at the core of one of modern women 's most stubborn , self-defeating beliefs -- that unless we are everything to all people , we are nothing , that our worth is tied up in our limitless capacity  at least when it comes to caring for others  , that we do n't actually deserve to live a selective life and take or leave a number of energy-sucking pursuits . It 's not that we have to choose to parent just one child if we want to be sane in contemporary society , but that we owe it to ourselves , our partners and even our potential progeny , to consider other possibilities . Women , in particular , need to slough off socialized norms and think in a fresh , free , way about the kind of life that will really make our families -- and ourselves -- healthy and fulfilled .	Courtney Martin : Women often get asked if they have multiple children or plan to do so Martin : How many children you choose to have has a huge impact on your work-life balance She says a new book by Lauren Sandler presents good reasons for having just one child Martin : Living a happy life is about the freedom to choose if you want to have children or not
CNN  -- Truly platonic opposite-sex friendships are the chupacabra of the pop culture narrative . From "  When Harry Met Sally " to Ross and Rachel , first comes friendship , then comes relationship . Longtime friends Timothy Goodman , 32 , and Jessica Walsh , 26 , have taken to exploring the leitmotif once more -- and in a 21st century twist , decided to share it with the world via their blog , 40 Days of Dating . The two friends met more than four years ago through New York City 's graphic design community . When they both found themselves single at the same time , they decided to embark on the social-turned-design experiment . Opinion : Why traditional dating is dead "  Tim is afraid of commitment , often dating many girls at once , and he 's losing sight of what a healthy relationship means , " the couple explains on the blog . "  Jessica is a hopeless romantic , jumping into relationships too quickly , always looking to find ` the one . ' " First , they set the ground rules for the experiment , which started in mid-March : 1 . They would see each other every day for 40 days . 2 . They would go on at least three dates a week . 3 . They would see a couples therapist once a week . 4 . They would go on one weekend trip together . 5 . They would fill out a daily questionnaire and document everything . 6 . They would not see , date , hook up or have sex with anyone else . They began adding new posts about the relationship only after the 40 days were up . They 've been posting entries Monday through Friday since July 10 , and they 'll continue until August 22 , when readers will learn how their experiment ended . "  We did n't want to do this live because if we read each other 's questions , we 'd be influenced by each other and by the public 's perception of it , " Goodman said . Their readership has grown so much that both Walsh and Goodman have had to retroactively monitor their social media accounts to prevent spoilers . The couple would n't offer any hints about the outcome -- they suggest people stay up-to-date with their romantic escapades via the website . Goodman and Walsh spoke to CNN separately about the online dating project and the age-old question , can men and women really just be friends ? The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : Why 'd you choose to do the project with each other ? Goodman : We always were kind of dumbfounded with each other 's relationship issues and would make fun of each other 's relationship issues all the time . Walsh : I had basically , since the time I was 16 , jumped from relationship to relationship up until a year and half ago when I ended a relationship with a guy I had lived with . Since then , I had been looking -- and New York City is such a tough place to find a guy . It was just a terrible year of dating . It was just the right time when we started talking about it . CNN : You 've been friends for more than four years . Was there always an attraction ? Goodman : It 's always been platonic , but we would n't have been able to do this project if there had n't been some curiosity . I 've always been attracted to Jessie ; I know she 's beautiful . We 're very different though ; I 'm more outgoing , she 's more reserved . Walsh : He 's not my usual type , I always thought he was a very attractive guy . I have a lot of respect for the work that he does -- I ca n't deny that there . CNN : Were you ever worried that the experiment would ruin the friendship ? Walsh : I was pretty excited about it at first , then after we told our friends , I did start to get scared that this could totally destroy a great friendship . We did n't want to compromise , so it was a few months after we had the initial idea before we actually started because we kept going back and forth . CNN : You 're obviously both creative people , and the site itself is very artistically driven . How did you separate the creative showmanship with the relationship ? Goodman : What 's important is that it 's an experiment . For it to be a success , it does n't mean that Jessie and I worked out together . We used it as a catalyst to work on our issues together ; a safe space to work on our issues and also to help each other . Sure , there were other things going on and there had always been a curiosity about it . This is n't just about dating , that 's not the point -- it 's taking two mice with two different problems and seeing what happens . Walsh : We tried to keep them very different . We did the experiment first because we did want the experiment to be as true as possible , and not have the creative side get in the way of it . This is the best way we knew how . Each time we read each other 's , we 're reliving the day in a way . In some of the more emotional days , it brings back everything . It has n't been easy . CNN : The rules are quite fastidious for something so unpredictable as a relationship . Goodman : We knew that if we did n't have rules in place , it would be very easy for us to skip by . The rules held us accountable . Walsh : It 's kind of a theme in the work that I do , I always set constraints . The best outcomes come from restraints . Forty days is also the amount of time in several religions that it takes to break a bad habit . The couples therapy was one stipulation that I really wanted . It was amazing week to week to have that hour to sit down and really be able to reflect and have a third party to help you organize and sort through what happened and give you that objective advice . I honestly do n't think we would 've made it through the 40 days without it . CNN : In the early days of the blog , your friends criticized you both for not being physical . You left those constraints pretty ambiguous . On day 25 , readers learned , that changed . Goodman : We had left that open . It was bit of an issue right in the beginning because her friend was giving her  a hard time  about it . She got weird about it . We ca n't just click our fingers and be in a relationship . There was a lot of push and pull because of it . I did n't know what my intentions were . Walsh : I had wanted it for a while . I was just like , "  Let 's try this . " We both admitted on day two of the therapy that there was attraction , there was some interest . Tim was the one that was super scared because his issues are quite real . We had a great friendship , so he was very , very hesitant -- but it was confusing for me because he would be flirtatious . CNN : So , do you think men and women can ever be just friends ? Goodman : I have girlfriends that I consider just girls who are friends now , but it 's only because I 've been with them before or they 're in a relationship so you do n't have to even think about it . If you asked me a couple of months ago , I would 've said yes . In one of his stand-ups , Chris Rock said every platonic friend that he had was someone he was trying to sleep with , made a wrong turn somewhere and ended up in the "  friend zone . " I think there 's truth in that . A man always has a motive . Walsh : I do . CNN : Well , what happened ? Goodman : I will say that I feel forever linked to her . I have this kinship with her because of it , regardless of what happened or if we 're together or we 're not . The lost art of offline dating Love and Marriage : China plays the dating game What are your predictions ? Do you think men and women can have platonic relationships ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .	Two friends from New York City decided to try dating -- and blog about it The blog , 40 Days of Dating , details their relationship , which began in March Blogger : "  We used it as a catalyst to work on our issues together "
CNN  -- Videos purportedly shot by Britain 's Prince Harry and including offensive language prompted an official apology Saturday from the prince and the royal family . Prince Harry apologized when video surfaced of him making offensive comments while on military duty in 2006 . According to the British-based News of the World , which released the videos on its Web site , the videos show British soldiers while a voice presumed to be Harry 's calls one solider a "  Paki , " and in another clip tells soldier wearing a cloth on his head that he looks "  like a raghead . " A spokesman for Prince Harry apologized in a statement released by St. James 's Palace Saturday after the videos surfaced online . The spokesman said the prince -- who is third in line to the British throne -- "  understands how offensive this term can be , and is extremely sorry for any offense his words might cause . " It is not first apology for offensive behavior by Prince Harry . In 2005 , he was photographed wearing a Nazi uniform to a party , for which he said he was sorry . "  It was a very stupid thing to do and I 've learned my lesson , simple as that really , " he said in a September 2005 interview marking his 21st birthday . "  I 'd like to put it in the past now . What 's done is done . I regret it . " The videos , filmed during his military service in 2006 , were shot by the prince , according to the Web site . In one video , a voice from behind the camera says "  Ah , our little Paki Friend ... Ahmed , " as the camera zooms in on a soldier from across the room . The video does not show Prince Harry 's face , but News of the World suggests that the voice is his . The soldiers were waiting for their flight to Cyprus for a mission , according to the Web site . The royal family said the ` paki ' term was a nickname for a friend in his platoon . "  There is no question that Prince Harry was in any way seeking to insult his friend , " the St. James 's Palace statement said . The second video was filmed after arriving in Cyprus , according to News of the World , and shows a British soldier with a cloth over his head . A voice , which the News of the World claims to be Harry 's , is heard saying , "  expletive  me , you look like a raghead . " In response to that comment , St. James 's Palace said , "  Prince Harry used the term ` raghead ' to mean Taliban or Iraqi insurgent . " Dickie Arbiter , a former press secretary to Queen Elizabeth II , Prince Harry 's grandmother , urged people to take the prince 's words in context . "  Harry is not the same man as he was three years ago , " Arbiter told Britain 's ITN network . "  You do n't think when you are shooting a video . " And he pointed out that Harry was serving in the army , where language is not always delicate . "  It is quite common for names to be used in the military ... . He 's a serviceman first and foremost , but people see him as a prince first and he has to be careful of what he says . " The British Ministry of Defense said it was not aware of any complaints against Prince Harry and would investigate the allegations of inappropriate behavior , according to a written statement released Saturday . "  Bullying and racism are not endemic in the Armed Forces , " it said . CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .	Prince Harry apologizes for offensive language used while on duty three years ago Videos surface of him calling one soldier "  paki , " another called "  raghead " British Ministry of Defense plans to investigate allegations
CNN  -- A California Republican official on Wednesday apologized once again for sending an e-mail depicting President Barack Obama as a chimpanzee , but insisted she was not motivated by racism . "  To my fellow Americans and everyone else who saw that e-mail and was offended , I humbly apologize and ask for your forgiveness for my unwise behavior , " Marilyn Davenport told reporters gathered before the Orange County Republican Party headquarters in Fullerton , California . "  I say unwise because I did n't stop to think about the historic implications of what I was sending . " "  Unintentionally I have offended many , " Davenport added . "  Knowing what I now know , I would never have sent the e-mail . " Davenport recently found herself in a storm of controversy after forwarding an e-mail she says she received from a friend . It contained a doctored photo styled like a family portrait , showing two adult chimpanzees and a baby . The younger chimpanzee had a photo of Obama 's face superimposed over the animal 's face . The caption that ran with the photo read , "  Now you know why no birth certificate . " The chairman of the Orange County Republican Party , Scott Baugh , called for her resignation in a Twitter message posted on the group 's website . California 's Democratic Party has also demanded that Davenport step down . But during Wednesday 's news conference , Davenport said she would not resign her post , citing an overwhelming number of appeals she has received from her constituency asking her not to do so . She represents the state 's 72nd Assembly District for the Republican Central Committee . When queried by reporters about who she may have offended , Davenport responded , "  I assume that I offended the black people . And having friends that are black I never intended for that , not at all . " Davenport said repeatedly that she is not racist , a sentiment echoed by her husband , Dick , who stood at her side as she faced reporters . "  We 've been involved in many interracial activities , " he said , "  and we have no animosity toward any person . " The e-mail in question , according to Davenport , was political satire . "  I do n't think i would consider it racist , " she told reporters . "  It 's a political satire . Pretty much about bringing up the birth certificate , or lack of it . It was n't about black , white or other . I had no intention of doing anything that would be racist . I guess I 'm political and I thought of it only in a political stance . " Davenport went on to say that the e-mail grabbed her attention because of concerns she has about where Obama was born and where he went to school . "  I am concerned , knowing the responsibility of a president , that we should know these things , should n't we ? There are some that are really adamant about it and I wonder why he does n't tell us . ... From what I hear in the media , he 's not brought forth his college records and his birth certificate . " Davenport is referring to claims made by what is called the "  birther " movement . These groups believe that the president was not born in the United States and his birth certificate is a forgery , making him ineligible to be president under the U.S. Constitution . Obama and his staff produced copies of his birth certificate when he was running for president in 2008 . Despite her professed concerns over his place of birth , Davenport addressed her apologies directly to Obama . "  To the president , I would say absolutely that it was inappropriate and absolutely I would not do that again . "	Marilyn Davenport apologizes once again for forwarding e-mail The e-mail contained a doctored photo of a chimpanzee with Obama 's face on it Davenport insists she is not racist and that she thought the e-mail was "  political satire " Davenport says she was focused on concerns about where the president was born
CNN  -- He 's broken nearly every bone in his body in one of the most exacting all sports -- on the way setting records for jump racing that many predict will never be surpassed -- but Thursday saw Northern Ireland 's Tony McCoy reach a very special milestone . The 18-time champion jockey made it 4,000 career winners when he rode Mountain Tunes to victory at a meeting at Towcester racecourse in central England . The extent of McCoy 's longevity and domination of racing over the fences in Britain and Ireland can be gauged by the fact that his nearest challenger , Richard Johnson , is some 1500 wins adrift of him . Victory on the 6-4 favorite came in typical style , two lengths behind at the final fence before driving his mount home in the novice hurdle to beat Jamie Moore on Kris Spin by half a length . It was also fitting that it came on a horse owned by the legendary JP McManus and trained by former Jonjo O'Neill , a combination which has supplied many winners for McCoy . "  It 's amazing , it could n't have worked out any better for Jonjo , JP , the McManuses have been so good to me , it was always going to be hopefully that I was going to ride it  the 4,000 th winner  in JP 's colours , " McCoy told gathered reporters . Racing followers have been kept on the edge of their seats in recent weeks as McCoy produced a steady stream of winners to close on the 4,000 mark and he went into the Towcester meeting one short . Johnson paid tribute to his rival for his incredible achievements . "  He has completely rewritten what we thought was achievable in a season and a career , " he told AFP . "  He seems to get it right all the time and is a great ambassador for our sport , a true professional sportsman . " Stan Mellor became the first jump jockey to ride 1,000 winners in 1971 and his record was subsequently broken by fellow greats John Francome  1,138 wins  , Peter Scudamore  1,678  and Richard Dunwoody  1,699  before McCoy got to work in 1992 with his first winner at the age of just 17 . Many flat racing jockeys in other countries have notched up more winners than McCoy , but their careers are generally longer and do not put themselves at risk of heavy falls that are a feature of jumping over fences under National Hunt rules . McCoy , who won a prestigious BBC Sports Personality of the Year award in 2010 , is showing no signs of slowing up and bookmakers are offering odds of as low as 6-1 that he will reach 5,000 winners before he retires .	Tony McCoy rides his 4,000 th winner in steeplechase racing 39-year-old from Northern Ireland has broken all records in his sport Nearest challenger over 1,500 winners behind McCoy is an 18 time champion in Britain
CNN  -- Arsenal are backing a ground breaking new scheme to allow their supporters to buy affordable shares in the club and have a greater say over how it is run . The English Premier League club are supporting the "  Arsenal Fanshare " initiative , which offers the opportunity to purchase shares at a fraction of the normal market rate . Buying one "  fanshare " will allow a member to quiz Arsenal 's directors on key decisions and cast their vote on the direction of the club , similar to how Spanish champions Barcelona are set up . Arsenal Supporters ' Trust  AST  has set up the scheme to boost fan representation , and it has now been backed by all four of the north London outfit 's major shareholders . Currently , one share in Arsenal costs over $ 15,000 but "  fanshare " members can buy them for a hundredth of the price , beginning at a down payment of just $ 150 . Those who sign up can even pay in monthly installments , starting at just $ 15 , and their "  fanshare " will grant them the rights of a shareholder , including entry to a ballot for a chance to attend the club 's annual general meeting . "  The support Arsenal Fanshare has from all of the club 's major shareholders should allow all talk of a takeover to be put to one side , " said Arsenal Fanshare board member and AST spokesman Tim Payton . "  Arsenal Fanshare has been established to increase supporter ownership and representation . "  We urge all Arsenal fans to take this opportunity and get involved - by working together we can make Arsenal even stronger . " At present , 88 per cent of the club is spread between four majority shareholders : American sports tycoon Stan Kroenke , Russian businessman Alisher Usmanov , Danny Fiszman and Lady Bracewell-Smith . Kroenke has repeatedly upped his stake in Arsenal and now stands just ten shares short of 30 per cent - the figure that under UK takeover law would mean he is compelled to make an offer for the remaining shares . AST fights to prevent the club being bought by one wealthy individual and wants supporters to snap up "  fanshares " that can then be bound together .	Arsenal are backing a new ` fanshare ' scheme to get fans more involved in the club Supporters can buy shares of the club for a fraction of the market rate A minimum sum of $ 150 is required to become a member
PEOPLE.com  -- Nearly two years after falling in love , "  American Idol " alumni Ace Young and Diana DeGarmo are opening up about their relationship . Season 5 heartthrob Young , 31 , and season 3 's runner-up DeGarmo , 24 , met in the spring of 2010 when both signed on to costar in the Broadway revival of the musical "  Hair . " "  We became best friends through ` Hair , ' ironically not through ` Idol , ' " says DeGarmo , who now plays as a New Jersey Mob boss 's daughter on the CBS soap "  The Young and the Restless . " "  It just blossomed into a beautiful relationship . " The attraction was immediate for Young , who , along with DeGarmo , had to get naked onstage for each performance of "  Hair . " "  She said , ` You 're not looking , right ? ' " Young says of the first time they disrobed in rehearsals . "  And I was like , ` Oh no , not at all . ' But I was looking , and I was like -- sold ! " But Young had his eye on DeGarmo before that moment . "  I was already interested in her as a person before I got to see her with no clothes on , " he said . "  But -LSB- that -RSB- sealed the deal . " After the musical closed in June 2010 , Young , 31 , returned to L.A. while DeGarmo , 24 , went on tour with the musical "  9 to 5 . " The time apart was difficult , Young says : "  If you love somebody , whenever they 're not around , it sucks . " So when DeGarmo 's tour ended last summer , Young found a way to keep her close . "  She came to California and kept saying , ` I 'm looking -LSB- at -RSB- apartments , ' " he recalls . "  And I was like , ` Why do n't you just stay with me ? ' The moment she got here , she realized I was n't going to let her get an apartment . It was like , either we 're doing this or we 're not . And , thankfully , she was all in . " Adds DeGarmo : "  I crashed on the couch -- more like , I crashed in his bed -- and just did n't leave . " These days , the couple 's not only living under the same roof , but working together . They recently formed a music group with two friends called All Access , and Young , who earned a Grammy nomination for co-writing "  Idol " pal Chris Daughtry 's hit "  It 's Not Over , " is also producing country songs for DeGarmo . "  She 's my best friend , " he says . "  To be able to dive in with Diana and help create songs that -LSB- tell -RSB- her story is amazing . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  We became best friends through ` Hair , ' " says Diana DeGarmo The attraction was immediate for Ace Young When DeGarmo 's tour ended last summer , Young found a way to keep her close
CNN  -- His song is one of the enduring anthems of the turbulent 1960s , a soulful call to action awash in a psychedelic wave of sound . It has appeared in more than 100 movies and TV shows , even a multimillion-seller video game , and has been covered by artists from Sheryl Crow to Joan Jett to The Ramones . So , decades later , what does Lester Chambers have to show for "  Time Has Come Today " ? So little that , early this year , the 72-year-old found himself posting a photo online . In it , he held a poster declaring that he was living on Social Security and charity , having gone nearly 30 years before seeing his first , paltry royalty check . The poster was taped to one of his gold records . "  It 's been a long journey , " said Chambers , who said he never blew his money on drugs or booze like so many artists before and after . "  I have not understood what happened yet and how it happened . " But now , through a series of events only possible in the digital age , he 's getting a chance to start again -- this time making and selling music on his own terms . "  We 've got a lawyer now , " Chambers said . "  It 's called the computer . " "  Time Has Come Today " was a pop hit for The Chambers Brothers , spending five weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1968 and peaking at No. 11 . The group , which shared the stage with the likes of Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin and The Doors , would fail to match its success again . But it became emblematic of the political and social upheaval of the late '60s and would be used for decades to invoke the spirit of that era . As recently as last year , it was used in a pivotal scene in "  Homefront , " a military-style video game that has sold somewhere around 3 million copies . Chambers said the entire group got about $ 4,000 for its use in that game . "  If they did that with one of the major groups , mainly one from England and you know who they are , they would have gotten $ 150-200 ,000 for that , " he said . "  We never got taken care of at all . " It 's a story of bad contracts -- and record company executives refusing to even honor those , he said . The contract for "  Time Has Come Today " promised a small percentage of sales , but the record company kept finding expenses that came out of the band 's share before they saw any of it . Other albums were produced but never released , he said , although the "  expenses " for them kept racking up . To this day , he 's not sure how some of those albums are available for sale online or who 's getting the money for them . That all led Chambers , with the help of his son , Dylan , to post the Web photo as part of the "  I Am the 99 Percent " movement . "  People were all riled up about the ' 1 % ' screwing over the little man , " said Dylan Chambers , who has lived with his parents and helped support them through the lean years . "  Dad wrote that piece of paper and I taped it to his gold record . "  We woke up the next morning and it had 200 shares and 10,000 ` likes ' on Facebook . Dad had 500 new friend requests . " Chambers did n't identify himself in the photo . But it had picked up steam on social-news site Reddit and it did n't take long for members of the site 's popular music community to figure it out . That 's where Alexis Ohanian , the co-founder of Reddit , came in . He was fresh off of helping lead the Web 's successful fight against the Stop Online Piracy Act , legislation supporters said would crack down on Internet piracy but that many in the Web community felt would stifle free speech and creativity . "  One of the few narratives the entertainment industry kept trying to push was that they were really pushing for this on behalf of the artists , " Ohanian said . Chambers ' story , he said , showed how that business really treats its own sometimes . Furthermore , he said , it was personal . "  I was raised right by my dad -- the Stones , Dylan , Janis , Hendrix ... . I had no idea , and my dad had no idea of the fate of Lester Chambers , " said Ohanian , 29 . View the Kickstarter project : "  Lester 's Time Has Come Today " He was n't the first person to reach out to Lester and his family . But they say many of the offers they 'd gotten sounded just as dodgy as ones from the days Lester said his band would play concerts for 1/10th of what other acts were getting . "  Sure , you 'd get five or six snakes out of the grass saying ... I want to book you a gig or something , " said Dylan Chambers . "  But I was familiar with Reddit and checked out who Alexis was . He said , ' I want to do this project with you guys , and I want this to blow up . ' " Ohanian helped Chambers host an AMA  "  Ask Me Anything "  on Reddit and create a project on crowd-funding site Kickstarter to pay for his first new album in decades . With 16 days to go , "  Lester 's Time Has Come Today " had raised $ 37,000 of its $ 39,000 goal on Monday . If successful , that cash will pay for rehearsal , production and musicians . This time , Chambers will retain the rights to the songs he records . "  It 's very , very different -- much cleaner , " said Chambers , who has continued to perform live through the years . "  You do n't have to sit and hear somebody  with a record company  tell you their little stories . "  There are so many of us who never got anything out of being a musician . I 'm just so blessed to have this opportunity to come back into the music world and put my feelings and lyrics and music out . " He 's already gone into the studio to record a pair of Christmas songs , which were sent digitally to Kickstarter backers .  To listen , click the audio links to the left of this story . To Ohanian , it all shows the promise of what the Internet could , and should , be . "  It fills me with so much hope and optimism ... , " he said . "  That 's why you saw millions of people fighting for this . " The man who sang that his "  soul 's been psychedelicized " puts it differently . "  You can get on the Internet with all your creative processes and thought processes and it will take you to higher places than you could ever dream , " Chambers said . "  A whole lot of people are going to be able to come out of the dark and into the light and the mountains that were so high will be easy to climb . "	"  Time Has Come Today " singer getting second chance online Lester Chambers hit hard times despite his song 's popularity Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian is helping with a Kickstarter campaign Campaign will fund a new album ; Chambers will have the rights
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama will place tariffs on imports of some Chinese tires for three years in an effort to curb a surge in exports that has rocked the U.S. tire industry . The White House announced plans to impose tariffs on some tires entering the United States from China . The new tariffs will be on passenger car and light truck tires , the White House said in a statement Friday night . "  The president decided to remedy the clear disruption to the U.S. tire industry based on the facts and the law in this case , " the statement said . The tariffs will start at 35 percent in the first year , then would decline to 30 percent in the second year and 25 percent in the third . Chinese leaders have in the past expressed displeasure about a possible tire tariff . "  We hope the U.S. government will refrain from taking action , for the long-term healthy and stable development of U.S.-Chinese relations , " Fu Ziying , China 's vice commerce minister , told local media in August . "  The case is neither supported by facts nor does it have valid legal grounds , " he added .	U.S. to impose tariffs on some passenger car and light truck tires from China Surge in exports has hurt the U.S. tire industry Chinese leaders have strongly opposed possible tire tariffs
CNN  -- Lauryn Hill told the judge who sentenced her to prison that she planned to pay her taxes ; it was just a question of when . The judge reminded her that citizens do n't get to choose when to pay the government just before ordering her to spend three months in a federal prison . The Grammy-winning singer must report to prison on July 8 to begin serving the sentence for failure to pay federal income taxes for three years , followed by three months of home confinement and a year of supervised probation , the judge said . Hill must also pay penalties and taxes still owed and a $ 60,000 fine . Hill pleaded guilty last year to three counts of failing to file tax returns on more than $ 1.8 million between 2005 and 2007 . The artist appeared Monday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo in federal court in Newark , New Jersey , for sentencing . Hill told the judge she lives "  very modestly " considering how much money her music -- she has sold 16 million records -- earned for other people . "  Someone did the math , and it came to around $ 600 million , " she said . "  And I sit here before you trying to figure out how to pay a tax debt ? If that 's not like enough to slavery , I do n't know . " "  This was n't a life of jet-setting glamour , " she said . "  This was a life of sacrifice with very little time for myself and my children . " Hill releases new music The income in question was mostly from music and film royalties paid to companies she owned between 2005 and 2008 , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . "  Although Hill pleaded guilty to charges specifically related to those tax years , her sentence also takes into account additional income and tax losses for 2008 and 2009 -- when she also failed to file federal returns -- along with her outstanding tax liability to the state of New Jersey , for a total income of approximately $ 2.3 million and total tax loss of approximately $ 1,006,517 , " the prosecutor said . Hill 's lawyer , Nathan Hochman , told CNN that Hill has fully paid her taxes . "  I think the judge gave a fair and reasonable sentence , " Hochman said . Her lack of a prior criminal record and the fact that she has six minor children helped , he said . "  I think the government has let a number of celebrities off and never criminally prosecuted them , Willie Nelson being at least one example , " he said . "  I think that the court took that into account as well . Ms. Hill did not get a slap on the wrist and let off with just paying a certain amount of money but has had to go through this entire criminal prosecution . " Hill also used her sentencing to talk about her music . "  I did n't make music for celebrity status , " she told the court . "  I made music for artistic and existential catharsis , which was not just necessary for myself but it was also necessary for the generations of oppressed people who had n't had their voices expressed like I was able to do it . Music is not something I do from 9 to 5 . It 's a state of being , and like a doctor who delivers babies , I 'm on call all the time because that 's the kind of work this is . " Hill revealed in a message posted to her Tumblr account last month that she 's been working on new music . "  It has been reported that I signed a new record deal , and that I did this to pay taxes . Yes , I have recently entered into an agreement with Sony Worldwide Entertainment , to launch a new label , on which my new music will be released , " Hill wrote . "  And yes , I am working on new music . " Her fans have been waiting for new music from her since her 1998 solo album , "  The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . " CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	NEW : "  If that 's not like enough to slavery , I do n't know , " Hill told the judge The singer must serve a year on probation and possibly three months of home confinement She must report to prison on July 8 , unless her lawyer files an appeal Hill pleaded guilty last year to failing to file returns on more than $ 1.8 million in taxes
A federal judge has ruled that police in Ferguson , Missouri , violated the Constitution when they told protesters that they had to keep walking and that they could n't stand still . U.S. District Judge Catherine Perry issued a preliminary injunction Monday forbidding law enforcement from carrying out the practice because "  it is likely that these agencies will again apply this unconstitutional policy . " Law enforcement agencies adopted the policy on August 18 , a few days after protests began following the shooting death of unarmed African-American teen Michael Brown at the hands of a white police officer . The case was brought by the ACLU after it saw the strategy being practiced as recently as Setember 27 . In some cases , officers told protesters they could n't stand still for more than five seconds . In others , the protesters were told they were walking too slowly . Ferguson flash mob disrupts St. Louis symphony "  One person asked plaintiff  in the case  to join her in prayer and police said they could pray while they were walking , " Perry wrote . The judge said officers have the right to disperse protesters , restrict certain areas from protests , and use other lawful crowd control measures . Complete coverage of Ferguson "  This injunction prevents only the enforcement of an ad hoc rule developed for the Ferguson protests , " she said .	A U.S. district judge forbids police from telling protesters they ca n't stand still Law enforcement agencies adopted the policy at protests in Ferguson The judge says she issued an injunction , as agencies are "  likely " to apply the policy again
Washington  CNN  -- The sea of red that overtook Virginia on Tuesday night did n't just jeopardize Sen. Mark Warner 's re-election bid -- it exploded his entire worldview . Thirteen years after he famously employed a "  Bubba strategy " in culturally conservative regions of Virginia -- courting NASCAR fans and commissioning a bluegrass theme song for his campaign on his way to the governor 's mansion in 2001 -- Warner was clobbered in the commonwealth 's southern and southwest counties . The results were a shock to a senator who put in heavy time there . The margins made for a too-close-for-comfort Election Night against Republican nominee Ed Gillespie , who conceded the race on Friday . Even so , it was a reckoning that cut to the heart of Warner 's public identity as a self-proclaimed "  radical centrist " and ratified the urban-rural divide that characterizes the re-aligned politics of Virginia -- and the South . Why , some flabbergasted Virginia Democrats are asking , did Warner spend so much time campaigning in rural Virginia in the first place ? "  He was running a campaign that was designed to win in the late 90 's , " said one Democrat with Virginia experience who did not want to talk on the record criticizing one of the state 's most prominent party leaders . Coal country , and pretty much everything south and west of Richmond , drifted firmly into Republican hands in 2010 , two years after President Barack Obama took office . Since then , Democrats running statewide -- Sen. Tim Kaine in 2012 and Gov. Terry McAuliffe in 2013 -- paid only modest attention to rural Virginia , focusing instead on turning out the Democratic base in populous northern Virginia and other strongly African-American jurisdictions around Richmond and Hampton Roads . But even in 2014 , Warner was still enamored with the mythology of his first statewide victory so many years ago . He spent considerable time visiting rural parts of the state , even teaming up with former GOP Sen. John Warner -- no relation -- for a last minute push before Election Day . "  My path has been very different from Terry 's or Tim 's or others ' , " Warner told The Washington Post before the election . "  To the annoyance of some of my so-called staff , I 'm going to Abingdon and Russell County now because southwest Virginia gave me a start , and I 'm not going to cede one part . " The comments look like a misstep in hindsight : In 2001 , Warner won Russell County by 21 points . In his 2008 Senate race , he won it by 33 . But on Tuesday , he lost Russell by 23 points . The Post reported that even his own advisers were urging Warner to layer more direct appeals to unmarried women and African-Americans on top of his usual bipartisan rhetoric and conservative outreach . It might have made Tuesday 's margin , around 17,000 votes for now , more comfortable . Certainly the 2014 midterms were a bloodbath for Democrats everywhere , and swing-y Virginia was hardly immune . "  In a wave , even Jesus will have problems , and Mark Warner is as close as you get to Jesus in Virginia politics , " said another Democrat who has labored on several Virginia statewide campaigns . "  No one is immune to national waves , especially purple states like this . " Looking at it another way , Warner was the only statewide Democrat on a ballot in the South to win an election on Tuesday . Or as one strategist close to the Warner campaign put it : "  Who else but Mark Warner could have survived a Republican tidal wave ? " "  Performing well in southwest Virginia has been a mark of pride for Warner in the past , and a proven strategy for him in two elections , " said Andrew Bleeker , a Democratic digital strategist who has worked for Kaine and McAuliffe . "  No one expected the Republican wave to be as large . If the media narrative had anticipated a closer race we would have seen even higher turnout in northern Virginia and Norfolk . " Still , after the results starting coming in , Virginia Democrats who have worked on other statewide campaigns said they were mystified at Warner 's approach . "  This is a base turnout state now , " said one strategist who wondered why Warner was spending time on the trail with a white , 87-year old Republican ex-Senator instead of bringing in African-American surrogates for the final push . "  Why was he spending so much time in southwest Virginia ? He should have been focusing on black parts of Richmond , northern Virginia , Hampton Roads , " the source said . Loudoun , one of three vote-rich northern Virginia counties , is a happy hunting ground for statewide Democrats . In last year 's governor 's race -- another off-year election -- McAuliffe made his campaign almost entirely about base turnout , focusing heavily on places like Loudoun in the Washington , D.C. suburbs and the African-American vote in Richmond and Hampton Roads . To be safe , he brought in President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton for closing campaign rallies . The result : McAuliffe 2013 outran Warner 2014 in every big northern Virginia county -- Loudoun , Fairfax and Prince William -- as well as in Democratic strongholds like Hampton , Newport News and Norfolk . In Fairfax alone , McAuliffe banked almost 70,000 votes with a 22-point rout of his GOP opponent in the state 's biggest county . Warner won Fairfax , but by less -- a 17-point margin , or 54,000 votes . Of the biggest Democratic counties in the state , Warner only outperformed McAuliffe in Henrico . The comparison is imperfect . Last November was a better environment for Democrats , and McAuliffe was less well-known and viewed less favorably than Warner . But McAuliffe still only won the state by 2.5 points , validating his strategy of targeting the base with direct appeals to women and African-Americans . Warner , it should be said , held onto a shred of dignity in rural Virginia this year , outpacing McAuliffe in the region but still losing badly everywhere except for Montgomery County , home to Virginia Tech , and the city of Danville . And yet , the few thousand votes he picked up here and there added little to his total margin . If he invested similar energy farther north , his vote lead would have been larger . But Warner allies insist that in a surprisingly too-close-for-comfort race , every little bit helped . And if there 's truth to the whispers of a rivalry between Warner and McAuliffe -- the Senator escaped this year 's midterms with a nice talking point . McAuliffe , after all , won 1,069,789 total votes last year . Warner 's total ? 1,071,049 and counting .	Mark Warner 's re-election in Virginia was surprisingly close He 's being criticized for not focusing on heavily African-American parts of the state
CNN  -- Spanish leaders Barcelona gave Real Madrid hope of snatching the Spanish title after being held 0-0 at city rivals Espanyol on Saturday in a tense match that saw Daniel Alves sent off with half an hour to play . Real can now cut the champions ' league lead to just one point by winning at home to third-placed Valencia on Sunday night , after which there will be five rounds to play . The stalemate was the first time Barcelona had failed to score in La Liga since October , and came ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League semifinal first leg away to Inter Milan . Should that match in Italy go ahead if European air travel resumes following the volcanic ash fallout from Iceland , Inter boss Jose Mourinho will have eagerly noted Espanyol 's success in nullifying Barcelona 's star-studded line-up . Mid-table Espanyol lost 1-0 at the Nou Camp in December , but could have led at halftime in the first match between the two teams at the new Cornella-El Prat stadium . Barcelona had hit the crossbar when winger Pedro 's cross deceived goalkeeper Carlos Kameni , but the home side created the better chances and should have scored just before halftime but Victor Valdes pushed striker Osvaldo 's shot onto the near post . Alves was dismissed for a second booking in the 62nd minute after body checking Jose Callejon , but Espanyol could not take advantage of having an extra man . Earlier on Saturday , fourth-placed Sevilla bounced back from the midweek defeat at struggling Valladolid to crush Sporting Gijon 3-0 , who had two players sent off . Mali striker Fredi Kanoute opened the scoring in the eight minute after his initial header was blocked , and 13th-placed Gijon lost Mate Bilic to a second yellow card on 32 . Kanoute 's strike partner Luis Fabiano doubled the lead eight minutes after halftime with a header from Adriano 's cross as the Brazilian made up for having an earlier effort ruled out for offside . Jose Angel Valdes was sent off for a second booking with 10 minutes left after Alvaro Negredo went down clutching his face , and the Sevilla forward set up defender Cala from the resulting free-kick . Villarreal claimed sixth place from Athletic Bilbao after beating Atletico Madrid 2-1 in the late match . Argentine defender Diego Godin diverted in a 21st-minute corner and Italian forward Giuseppe Rossi made Atletico pay for calamitous defending just before halftime . Argentina forward Sergio Aguero ended his recent goal drought with his 19th of the season with a volley from Jose Antonio Reyes ' pass in the 64th minute , but 10th-placed Atletico went down to a 15th league loss this season ahead of Thursday 's Europa League semifinal first leg against English club Liverpool . Bilbao can move back into the top six with victory at Zaragoza on Sunday , while fifth-placed Mallorca face mid-table Osasuna .	Spanish leaders Barcelona held to frustrating 0-0 draw at city rivals Espanyol Daniel Alves sent off as Barca move four points clear of second-placed Real Madrid Real can reduce the gap with victory away to third-placed Valencia on Sunday Fourth-placed Sevilla win 3-0 at Sporting Gijon , who have two players sent off
CNN  -- It 's perhaps the most iconic scene in the most iconic Hong Kong movie of all time . The slender silhouette of the beautiful heroine , Su Li-zhen  Maggie Cheung  , emerging from the darkness , revealing herself in a figure-hugging cheongsam . The man she passes , newspaper editor Chow Mo-wan  Tony Leung  , ca n't help falling in love with such a figure of feminine elegance . Set in the 1960s , the golden era of the cheongsam in Hong Kong , Wong Kar Wai 's hit movie , "  In the Mood for Love "  2000  , which won multiple best foreign movie awards , was a powerful showcase for how elegant and sexy the classic Chinese dress can be . Wong has said 20 to 25 cheongsam alone were made for the character played by Maggie Cheung . "  A Century of Fashion : Hong Kong Cheongsam Story , " now running at the Hong Kong Museum of History until March 3 , features 130 exhibits showcasing the history and evolution of the cheongsam , particularly the eras featured in popular films such as "  In the Mood for Love " and "  The World of Suzie Wong "  1960  . Early cheongsam a feminist statement The exhibition is a study in the history surrounding the iconic Chinese dress that can be confusing even to Chinese -- the proper use of "  cheongsam " and "  qipao , " for instance . "  We prefer to call it cheongsam -- not qipao , " says Osmond Chan , assistant curator of the exhibition . "  Cheongsam means long robe in Cantonese and actually only became a common woman 's wear after the May Fourth Movement  1919  , or the New Culture Movement , " he says . "  Women started wearing men 's long robes as a feminist statement and trend during that anti-Qing era . "  Therefore , it 's a bit of an oxymoron to continue calling the dress qipao , which refers to the robe of the Manchu  the ruling power of Qing Dynasty  . " Early cheongsam did n't have the tight , figure-hugging shape the dress is known for today , but was originally worn loose on the body . The shape changed and became tighter in Shanghai in the 1920s and '30s , a time often referred to as the golden age of the cheongsam in Shanghai . With the rise of the Communist Party in the late 1940s and '50s , however , the dress , and the decadent Shanghai style it invoked , was restricted . Shanghai tailors fled to Hong Kong , bringing the cheongsam with them . The trend picked up quickly and Hong Kong experienced its own golden age of the cheongsam in the 1950s and '60s . Cheongsam master Founded in 1966 , Linva Tailor is one of the longest-standing cheongsam shops in Hong Kong . While it 's often assumed that owner and master tailor Leung Ching-wah made some of the costumes for Maggie Cheung in "  In the Mood for Love , " he says he ca n't talk about it . Leung represents the old guard -- tailors who recognize the beauty of a boar-shaped cut or a sword-shaped binding on a side slit . His wife , Joana Fung , dissects a cheongsam the way a sommelier talks about wine . "  The beauty of a cheongsam is not in the fabric -- fabrics can be purchased , but not the skills , " says Fung . Leung started apprenticing under a Shanghai tailor when he was 16 . He opened Linva Tailor seven years later . "  I spent the first few months only learning to hold a needle properly , " says Leung . "  One can only start making a cheongsam after a year of apprenticeship . " "  In the '60s , every woman wore a cheongsam , " says Leung . As Western culture and fashion became more influential among Chinese in Hong Kong in the 1970s , the cheongsam lost its popularity . Will the cheongsam survive ? The craft is diminishing . At least in Hong Kong . All of Leung 's in-house tailors are in their sixties . Many have reduced their workloads . Despite often being referred to as a sunset industry , however , Leung says he does n't worry that cheongsam culture wo n't last for another century . In Hong Kong and China , the cheongsam is still popular for evening parties and company conferences . "  All brides will still don one at their weddings , " says Leung . "  If you look at Miss Hong Kong beauty pageant , a section featuring candidates in cheongsam has been a must , " says Chan . Most cheongsam manufacturing has moved to factories in mainland China , where more than 15 manufacturers and suppliers have an online presence . Although global sales are difficult to track , several Chinese makers advertise shops with a capacity for thousands of garments sewn monthly by staffs of 250 or more garment makers . Brands like Shanghai Tang and Blanc de Chine , which carry cheongsam priced at about $ 400 , are making their marks with modern twists on the cheongsam . Opened in 1994 in Hong Kong with the idea of creating a modern Chinese chic style , Shanghai Tang has swelled into a multi-national fashion brand with 45 outlets . The business is expanding both in China and around the world , according to Raphael le Masne de Chermont , executive chairman of Shanghai Tang . The main elements of the dress 's original silhouette -- high collar and flower buttons on the placket -- make it easy to incorporate into new designs , says Chan . Inspiration still crosses over to Western runways cheongsam designs have been included in a 2011 Ralph Lauren collection , a 2012 Gucci collection and Emilio Pucci 's 2013 spring/summer collection . Unlike kimono or hanbok Though modern , hybrid versions of the cheongsam are popular , there remains an appetite for the more traditional shapes . "  Classes teaching how to make cheongsam are offered in Hong Kong , " says Chan , adding that the continuity of passing down the skills for cheongsam-making should n't be reserved for great tailors . YMCA HK 's cheongsam classes for the public are conducted by Mong Kar-mo , a former tailor for the Miss Hong Kong Pageant . Linva Tailor receives five or six orders per day and Leung has n't thought of retiring . "  I started out in this business just hoping to make a living , but then I grew to learn the beauty of cheongsam , " says Leung . "  It 's different from ethnic costumes like the kimono and hanbok , as cheongsam has a highly flexible design , " says Chan . "  Elements like dress length , different materials and different levels of complexity make dresses suitable for a variety of occasions . " "  As one Chinese saying goes , ` cheongsam is practical enough for the kitchen but presentable for the living room , ' " says Chan . "  The reason it 's been able to last for a century is because cheongsam is really beautiful on its wearer . " Ordering a cheongsam At Hong Kong cheongsam shops , customers first choose a style off the rack before deciding on details such as fabric , flower buttons on the placket , sleeve length and slit depth . The tailor then takes measurements and customers return for another fitting after a few days . Final adjustments are made before decorative bindings and flower buttons are added and the dress can be properly finished . The entire process usually takes two months . Visitors who do n't have as much time can choose a ready-made cheongsam and have it altered . The finished product can be mailed to them . Basic styles start from HK$ 2,000  $ 260  . Linva Tailor , G/F , 38 Cochrane St. , Central , Hong Kong ; +852 2544 2456 Shanghai Tang Mansion , 1 Duddell Street , Central , Hong Kong , +852 2525 7333 A Century of Fashion : Hong Kong Cheongsam Story ; January 29 to March 3 ; 1/F Lobby , Hong Kong Museum of History , 100 Chatham Road , Tsim Sha Tsui East , Kowloon ; +852 2724 9042 ; free admission	The Chinese cheongsam has a long history , but some worry its days are numbered Hong Kong 's cheongsam industry boomed in 1960s The assistant curator of a Hong Kong cheongsam exhibit believes the dress will live on Most cheongsam manufacturing has moved to mainland China
CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news alert , 9:12 a.m. ET Tuesday -RSB- A 46-year-old Colorado man who had been presumed dead in the aftermath of the Colorado flooding has been found alive , authorities said Tuesday . The man says he managed to climb out of a window before his home was swept away by floodwaters , authorities said . -LSB- Previously published story -RSB- The body of a 79-year-old woman was found this past weekend in the aftermath of the Colorado flooding , Larimer County authorities said Monday . The body of Evelyn Starner , of Cedar Cove , was discovered on a bank of the Big Thompson River , the sheriff 's office said . It is the first confirmed fatality in the county due to the floods , and it brings the storm-related death toll in the state to eight . One other person in the county is currently listed as missing and presumed dead . A man previously listed as presumed dead checked in with authorities and is alive and well , the sheriff 's office said . One other Cedar Cover resident , a 60-year-old woman , is still missing and presumed dead . Vice President Joe Biden visited Colorado on Monday and took a one-hour aerial tour to view the damage . He also checked on recovery efforts . "  Once all these cameras are gone , once these press conferences are done , FEMA and the Red Cross are still going to be here until we make you whole . Until we make it right for you , " Biden told Colorado residents . Biden said the federal government had approved $ 35 million thus far for road rebuilding and other projects . He said those funds would n't be affected by a possible government shutdown . Torrential rains fell September 12 in mountainous areas north of Denver , and such downpours persisted for several more days , adding up to 18.1 inches in parts of Boulder County and 15.6 inches in Adams County , Gov. John Hickenlooper said . The heavy rainfall spurred flash floods that turned picturesque canyons into funnels that deluged towns downstream and left hundreds stranded . More than a week later , many remained marooned -- cut off from the rest of the world thanks to floodwaters that wiped out roads and bridges . Tune strikes a poignant chord amid deluge in Colorado How to help	Man found alive after being presumed dead Authorities in Larimer County say 79-year-old woman was found dead this weekend Vice President Biden promises federal help will continue He says $ 35 million allocated so far
Facebook 's purchase on Monday of the photo-sharing app Instagram had the Internet asking one question : Will the Goliath of social networking make Instagram so uncool or so Facebook-y that it dies off entirely ? Immediately after the reported $ 1 billion purchase was announced , some digi-pundits were already rushing to say just that -- with plenty offering advice on how Instagram users can delete their accounts and all of the photos they 've uploaded with the app . Some cited Facebook-related privacy concerns . That line of thinking goes like this : Instagram , a mobile network where people share filter-altered , hipster-y photos with friends , feels small and intimate . By contrast , Facebook feels too big and tries harder to profit off of the data its users submit to the site . Here are a couple tweets to that effect : @thisbrokenwheel : "  Well , I guess I 'll be spending the evening deleting ALL of my posted photos from @Instagram . Hate Facebook 's creepy privacy issues . " @sinabhfuil : "  Must delete Instagram from my phone ; do n't want any sneaking doorways into Facebook privacy grabs " Will Facebook 's purchase help or hurt Instagram ? Share thoughts As CNNMoney writes , Instagram had n't monetized its app : "  Instagram is a free app and does n't charge for any of its services . The company 's founders insisted that would come in time , once they 'd built a sizeable user base . " The tech blog TheNextWeb posted instructions for users to delete their entire Instagram accounts , just so Facebook ca n't get its hands on any data about their relationships on Instagram or on the photos they 've submitted through the app . "  There is no guarantee that Facebook will be using the data gathered by Instagram but we would n't bet against it in a million years , " that blog writes . Others think the app will become far less cool under Facebook 's care : @TheCBurns : "  What was once great is now crap . " "  A lot of users will stop using Instagram , " predicted CNN iReporter Aline Alencar of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , who posted a photo protesting the Facebook takeover . And there was quite a bit of non-analytical digital freakout happening : "  Nooooooooooooooo ! " @_VickiV wrote . Another Twitter user said the app wo n't die , but it will wane in popularity over time : @jameshritz : "  For me , I wo n't ever delete or quit , it will just be a process of gradual abandonment  probably take a few months  ... " Still others are waiting for more details . In a posting on his Facebook page , CEO Mark Zuckerberg said Facebook will let Instagram operate as an "  independent " entity -- albeit one that is owned by his social networking company . Instagram 's 30 million-plus users still will be able to post photos to various online social networks , he said . That feature is one hallmark of Instagram , and another reason it became so popular , particularly in tech early adopter circles . With a single click , users can share photos on Twitter , Facebook , Flickr , Foursquare , Posterous and Tumblr . "  We think the fact that Instagram is connected to other services beyond Facebook is an important part of the experience , " Zuckerberg wrote on his Facebook page . "  We plan on keeping features like the ability to post to other social networks , the ability to not share your Instagrams on Facebook if you want , and the ability to have followers and follow people separately from your friends on Facebook . "  These and many other features are important parts of the Instagram experience and we understand that . We will try to learn from Instagram 's experience to build similar features into our other products . At the same time , we will try to help Instagram continue to grow by using Facebook 's strong engineering team and infrastructure . " Color filters in the app also make anyone 's mobile-phone photos look instantly more professional and vintage . In comments on Zuckerberg 's post , plenty of Facebook users appeared to be thrilled about the integration . "  This is damn interesting !! BIG NEWS ! , " one user wrote . "  Woah ... so cool ! Great news for Instagramers + Facebookers : " another said . Here 's perhaps the most compelling comment on that post , as it hints at the increased popularity Instagram could see as it joins up with a network that is expected to hit 1 billion people this year : "  Now I do n't have to explain what Instagram is to my Mom . I can just say ` It 's Facebook ! ' " one Facebook user wrote .	Facebook buys Instagram , the mobile photo-sharing app , for $ 1 billion Digital pundits worry Instagram could lose its cool The photo-sharing app is popular with tech early adopters It lets users apply color filters to photos and share them on multiple networks
CNN  -- Despite all the political tension in Crimea , it 's nice to know things are still safe enough at the zoo for a zebra to get it on with a donkey . Because , really , in some weird , small way , it 's a symbol of hope . Like an olive branch . Except , in this case , it 's a zebra ... getting it on with a donkey . But as odd as it may sound , things  ahem  worked out , and now we have an adorable new reminder of what can happen when we put aside our differences for the shared goal of peace and love . And Doing It . That living , breathing reminder is a beautiful baby "  zonkey " named Telegraph , who recently came into the world at the Taigan Zoo park near Crimea 's main city , Simferopol . Of course , a zonkey is just what it sounds like . Half zebra . Half donkey . Possibly even part lion depending on what kind of shenanigans were going on inside the stall . And if you accept my rather misguided understanding of how conception works . But one thing that 's perfectly clear is that this little guy is ridiculously cute . And everyone is talking about him . So , it sort of makes sense that Telegraph was named for a local newspaper , honoring the publication 's fifth anniversary . Though , when you think about it , that may or may not be a compliment to the publication . "  Congrats . We named an ass after you . " Either way , Telegraph is just lucky to be alive . Although cross-breeding of equines is not unheard of , it is rather rare and unconventional . And proper zoos are n't overly keen on the idea . Photos : Zonkeys and ligers and pizzles But this facility says that toying with nature was never a part of the plan . You see , Telegraph 's mother -- the zebra -- was uncomfortable in her enclosure and had been without a mate for quite a while . Presumably , she spent most of her time being bitter with the other single girls in book club . Eventually , the zoo moved the lonely zebra into a different part of the complex where she could be surrounded by other hoofed animals . This included her dream donkey . Mind you , it 's also possible that she was simply desperate and the donkey was drunk . "  I like your stripes . " "  What ? " "  I SAID I LIKE YOUR STRIPES ! " No matter how it all went down , we 're all thankful . Because now we have this silly looking thing with a brown upper body and zebra legs . And visitors to the zoo are absolutely loving him . Of course , to be fair , all baby animals tend to be a big draw . Especially when you look like you 've been pieced together with spare parts . Think about it . An adorable baby polar bear with a tortoise shell would pretty much stop the world from spinning . Darwin would be cheering from his grave . And scientists might go crazy trying to figure out just how the hell that actually happened . Steve would finally own up to it . "  I 'm sorry ! I was bored . I fed them bourbon . " But , no matter the species , whenever you get a cute baby cross-breed , you sort of have to enjoy it while you can . Generally speaking , hybrid animals do n't reproduce . They tend to be infertile . It 's a science thing . I do n't quite get it . Mr. Ware tried to teach me in high school , but I was far more interested in depriving others of their education . That said , being infertile might not be such a bad thing if , say , you 're a rather confident liger and you do well at the clubs . Child support ai n't cheap . Liger on ! Anyway , that 's the story of a cute little zonkey who is currently enjoying his 15 minutes of worldwide Internet fame . Telegraph , we like your stripes . "  What ? " WE LIKE YOUR STRIPES ! Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	A baby zonkey was recently born at a zoo in Crimea The mother was a zebra , and the father was a donkey The newborn is named Telegraph in honor of a local newspaper
BP is accusing Halliburton of having "  intentionally destroyed evidence " related to the explosion aboard an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico that led to the worst oil spill in U.S. history . The accusation comes in court papers filed by BP Monday in federal court in New Orleans as part of a lawsuit aimed at having sanctions imposed on Halliburton Energy Services Inc. , which was a contractor for BP on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig . An explosion on the rig on April 20 , 2010 , killed 11 people working on the rig and injured 16 others . The explosion led to more than 200 million gallons of oil being released into the Gulf . BP alleges in its filing that Halliburton destroyed evidence on cement testing and violated court orders by not bringing forth "  inexplicably missing " computer modeling results . "  Halliburton has steadfastly refused to provide these critical testing and modeling results in discovery . Halliburton 's refusal has been unwavering , despite repeated BP discovery requests and a specific order from this Court , " the documents state . "  BP has now learned the reason for Halliburton 's intransigence -- Halliburton destroyed the results of physical slurry testing , and it has , at best , lost the computer modeling outputs that showed no channeling . More egregious still , Halliburton intentionally destroyed the evidence related to its nonprivileged cement testing , in part because it wanted to eliminate any risk that this evidence would be used against it at trial , " the BP papers say . When reached for comment Monday , Halliburton spokeswoman Beverly Stafford said the company was reviewing the details of the motion . "  However , we believe that the conclusions that BP is asking the court to draw is without merit and we look forward to contesting their motion in court . " The BP documents state that two Halliburton employees testified under oath about destroying notes and samples related to analyzing the stability of a similar cement mixture that was used in the failed oil well . " -LSB- D -RSB- id you take down any notes about the slurry ? " Halliburton Global Advisor in Gulf Cementing Rickey Morgan was asked during a deposition detailed in the court motion . "  No , ma'am , " Morgan responded . "  You did n't take any pictures ? " "  No , ma'am . " "  And then you said you dumped out the sample ? " "  Yes , ma'am . " "  And you mentioned that the reason that you did n't document the test and you threw out the sample was because you were worried about it being misinterpreted in the litigation ? " "  Yes , that 's part of the reason , yes , ma'am , " Morgan testified , according to the BP papers . BP is seeking to have a "  third-party specialist " examine a Halliburton computer , saying "  such an examination might well recover the missing modeling results , or shed light on the circumstances of their apparent disappearance . " BP and its two contractors -- Halliburton and Transocean , which owned the Deepwater Horizon rig where the explosion occurred -- have been locked in legal battles since last year . In September , the final federal report on the spill said BP , Transocean and Halliburton all share responsibility for the deadly explosion and ensuing oil spill . The three companies "  violated a number of federal offshore safety regulations , " according to the report , which was issued by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement . The report concluded that a key cause of the explosion was a faulty cement drilling barrier at the well site . "  The precise reasons for the failure of the production casing cement job are not known , " the report stated . But the disaster was "  the result of poor risk management , last minute changes to plans , failure to observe and respond to critical indicators , inadequate well control response , and insufficient emergency bridge response training by companies and individuals responsible for drilling " at the site . BP was "  ultimately responsible " for operations at the site "  in a way that ensured the safety and protection of personnel , equipment , natural resources , and the environment , " the report concluded . But Transocean , as owner of the rig , also was "  responsible for conducting safe operations and for protecting personnel onboard . " Meanwhile , Halliburton -- as a BP contractor -- was "  responsible for conducting the cement job , and ... had certain responsibilities for monitoring the well , " the report said . A spokesman for BP said in September that the company agreed with report 's conclusion . "  The Deepwater Horizon accident was the result of multiple causes , involving multiple parties , including Transocean and Halliburton , " Scott Dean said . "  BP  has  acknowledged its role in the accident and has taken concrete steps to further enhance safety . ... We continue to encourage other parties to acknowledge their roles in the accident and make changes to help prevent similar accidents in the future . " But in response to the report , Halliburton continued to deny any responsibility for the tragedy . The report "  incorrectly attributes the operation decisions to Halliburton , " said Zelma Branch , a Halliburton spokeswoman . "  Every contributing cause where Halliburton is named , the operational responsibility lies solely with BP . Halliburton remains confident that all the work we performed with respect to the ... well was completed in accordance with BP 's specifications for its well construction plan and instructions . " Besides the oil , hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemical dispersant went into the water . At the peak of the crisis , in June 2010 , 37 % of Gulf waters -- a total of 88,522 square miles -- were closed to fishing due to contamination .	Halliburton was a contractor for BP at the ill-fated Deepwater Horizon oil drilling operation BP and its contractors have been locked in legal battles since last year An explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon killed 11 and injured 16 The explosion led to more than 200 million gallons of oil being released into the Gulf of Mexico
CNN  -- Search teams have found the flight data recorder from the Yemenia Airways plane that crashed off the Comoros Islands in June , killing 152 people , the chief investigator said Friday . Search parties continue their operation to locate the Yemenia Airbus A310 off the Comoros Islands in July . An operation to retrieve the recorder has begun , said a statement from investigator Ali Abdou Mohamed . The Airbus 310 crashed into the Indian Ocean , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members . It originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , and went down just miles from Moroni , the capital of the Comoros Islands . One person , a 13-year-old French girl , survived . The recorder could contain information to help determine what caused the crash . The plane had tried to land at the airport in Moroni , then made a U-turn before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said soon after the accident . A French official said that country had banned the plane after it failed an aviation inspection in 2007 , but Yemenia Airways was not on the European Union 's list of banned airlines . Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens , 54 Comorians , one Palestinian and one Canadian , according to Yemeni and French officials . The crew was made up of six Yemenis , two Moroccans , one Ethiopian , one Filipino and one Indonesian . The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar .	Comoros Islands lie between east African and the island nation of Madagascar Recorder could contain information to help determine what caused the crash Thirteen-year-old French girl was the only person to survive plane crash
CNN  -- At 4:54 pm ET on Wednesday , someone downloaded the 50 billionth app from Apple 's online App Store . Apple will give the lucky downloader a $ 10,000 iTunes gift card . The next 50 people to download an app after that will each receive a $ 500 gift card . There was no immediate word from Apple on who won . Apple had a live countdown ticker on its iTunes Web page . The promotion is yet another reminder of the massive success of Apple 's App Store , which opened in 2008 , added to the appeal of the iPhone and spawned many bad "  there 's an app for that " headlines . It also inspired online app stores by Google , BlackBerry and other companies . The contest was open to entrants 13 or older in a country where the App Store is available . People also could enter without downloading an app by filling out an online form . This marks the second time in three months that Apple has celebrated an iTunes milestone . In February , Phillip Lupke of Germany received a 10,000 euro  about $ 13,528  iTunes gift card for downloading the 25 billionth song . How massive a number is 50 billion ? According to Apple , counting to 50 billion would take a person 1,600 years .	Apple is giving a $ 10,000 iTunes gift card to whoever downloaded its 50 billionth app Another 50 runner-up winners will get $ 500 gift cards The milestone was reached at 4:54 pm ET Wednesday
CNN  -- An officer who pointed a semi-automatic assault rifle at a Ferguson , Missouri , protester and threatened to kill him -- a tense episode caught on video and posted online -- is off the job , at least for now . The St. Louis County Police Department announced Wednesday that a police officer from St. Ann , Missouri , "  has been relieved of duty and suspended indefinitely " over the incident . Police threatening to kill a citizen takes on special significance given what protesters are loudly , passionately demanding : charges against Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for the August 9 fatal shooting of Michael Brown , an unarmed African-American teen . Grand jury to mull Ferguson case The county police department laid out its version of the more recent incident , which happened shortly before midnight Tuesday . This account jibed with video later posted to YouTube . In the video , an officer can be seen walking around with his assault rifle raised , then pointing it in the direction of protesters . "  I 'm going to f -- king kill you , " he says . "  Get back . Get back . " The St. Louis County Police described the protester involved in what it deemed "  a verbal exchange " to be "  peaceful . " Another man in the crowd then says out loud , "  Did you threaten to kill him ? " The officer is asked for his name , to which he responds : "  Go f -- k yourself . " Protesters proceed to mock the officer before he 's led away by another member of law enforcement . A CNN crew also saw the officer point his weapon at those around him as he cursed , shouted and threatened people by saying he 'd kill them unless they stayed away . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests The St. Louis County Police said that one of its sergeants "  walked over and immediately took action , forcing the officer to lower the weapon and escorting him away from the area . " "  The unified command strongly feel these actions are inappropriate , and not indicative of the officers who have worked daily to keep the peace , " the police department said . The county police referred media to the St. Ann Police Department for updates on the unnamed suspended officer 's status . Members of the law enforcement force charged with maintaining security have come from many communities , including St. Ann , which is just west of Ferguson . This is not the first time unarmed protesters in Ferguson have accused police of pointing guns at them . CNN staffers have seen some such incidents first-hand that were n't caught on tape . Antonio French , a St. Louis city alderman who has been a fixture at the demonstrations , said he is not surprised by the video given what he 's seen the past two weeks . What is different -- in a good way , from his perspective -- is that authorities responded promptly in disciplining one of their own . "  In this case , we did see something happen to that officer immediately , " French told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And that sends a strong message that at least the folks at the top are getting it . " Neil Bruntrager -- general counsel for the St. Louis Police Officers Association , though he does n't represent this specific accused officer -- conceded in an appearance on CNN that these kinds of things are probably happening in Ferguson , though he characterized them as "  isolated incidents . " He defended the officers on the front lines of the protests , saying they have shown "  admirable restraint " -- a view that 's not shared by some activists -- despite being persistently egged on . "  You 're asking them to stand there and stare into the faces of people who are spitting on them , who are yelling at them , who are screaming at them , ... who are touching them , " Bruntrager told CNN 's Erin Burnett . "  You 're saying : Just take it . And ... by and large , they do . " Sometimes -- as in this particular cases , the lawyer conceded -- a police officer may act improperly . If they do , Bruntrager claimed that it is "  a fatigue issue , " not "  a training issue , " related to the psychological wear on being on the streets of Ferguson day after day . "  What happens in a situation like this is that a person is human , they respond , and that 's what you saw  on the video  , " Bruntrager said . "  It 's unfortunate , it 's unpleasant , but it 's a human response . " The man in charge of maintaining security in Ferguson , Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson , considers this officer 's actions an affront to all those who have doing things the right way . Talking to CNN 's Don Lemon about the video , Johnson said , "  I was disturbed by it , I was bothered by it , and I was disrespected by it . " Column defending cops in Ferguson spurs online fury Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	NEW : Official in charge of security : "  Disturbing " incident disrespects other officers NEW : Protester lauds the disciplining of the officer , says it sends a "  strong message " A Missouri police officer "  relieved of duty " after pointing rifle , threatening protester 's life Police union lawyer : Incident is "  unfortunate , " officers are tired and "  human "
EW.com  -- "  Beautiful Creatures " is arriving in a marketplace full of "  Twilight " junkies still eager for their supernatural teen-romantic fix , and the film 's concept could n't be clearer : It 's "  Twilight " with the sexes reversed . This time it 's the boy who 's the mortal : moody , bookish Ethan , the outsider in his sleepy small town of Gatlin , S.C. , though Alden Ehrenreich plays him more like a sensitive jock on "  Glee . " Lena  Alice Englert  , the new girl at school , comes from a family of witches  or , as they 're known here , Casters  , and on the day she turns 16 she 'll be " claimed , " either by the light side or  more likely , due to a family curse  the dark side . Adapted from the popular YA novel by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl , "  Beautiful Creatures " is lushly pictorial and not-too-badly acted . The best thing in the movie is Englert , who has a fresh , unretouched , Jane Austen-gone-goth allure .  She is also Jane Campion 's daughter . Jeremy Irons , as Lena 's smoking-jacketed rotter-aristocrat uncle , and Emma Thompson , as her floridly angry mother , are like blithe spirits out of a Dark Shadows sequel you want to see . But "  Beautiful Creatures , " more than the "  Twilight " films , lacks danger and momentum . The audience , like Ethan , spends way too much time waiting around for Lena to learn whether she 's a good girl or a bad girl . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Beautiful Creatures " is like "  Twilight " with the sexes reversed The film is based on a young adult novel by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl Critic says best thing about the film is the lead actress
Americans love the queen . As Britain prepares to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II 's 60th year on the throne , the sovereign 's popularity in the United States is at a 15-year high -- 82 % of Americans say they have a favorable opinion of the queen in a CNN/ORC poll released Friday . That 's a 35-point jump from 1997 , when her favorable rating stood at 47 % . That was the year Princess Diana died in a car crash in Paris . Many Americans and Brits were disappointed in the royal family 's handling of the death of the "  people 's princess , " saying the queen did n't sufficiently reflect her subjects ' sense of loss following the accident . Since then , however , Queen Elizabeth 's favorable ratings have been on the rise , reaching 75 % in 2002 and 80 % in 2007 . Next week the United Kingdom will put royal pageantry on full display in celebration of the queen 's Diamond Jubilee . The high point will be Thames Jubilee Pageant , a 1,000-boat flotilla led by the queen aboard the royal barge . "  Americans love Queen Elizabeth and they think the royal family is a good thing for the people of England , but only one in eight would like to see royalty here in the United States , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . The poll showed 77 % of Americans saying the royal family is good for the people of England . Follow CNN 's Diamond Jubilee coverage Among her fellow royals , the queen reigns in popularity -- Prince William , her grandson , had a 77 % favorable rating . His brother Prince Harry stood at 70 % . William 's wife is similarly popular . The Duchess of Cambridge , known as Kate Middleton before her marriage to William , had a favorable rating of 73 % . Her wedding last April drew hundreds of millions of television viewers , and sparked a renewed interest in Britain 's royal family among Americans . Prince Charles , first in line to succeed Queen Elizabeth , had a more modest favorable rating than his mother . "  Prince Charles ' favorable rating , at 57 % , is comparatively low , and only 36 % have a positive view of his wife , the former Camilla Parker Bowles , " Holland said . The prince , who underwent a high profile divorce from Diana in 1996 , married his long-time companion Camilla Parker Bowles in 2005 . Camilla took the title Duchess of Cornwall upon her marriage to Charles . Prince Philip , the queen 's husband , is not as popular as his wife , though is still viewed favorably by 59 % of Americans . The CNN/ORC poll surveyed 1,009 adult Americans by telephone between May 29-31 , 2012 . The sampling error was plus or minus three percentage points . Celebrating the Diamond Jubilee in the U.S. ? Tell us how !	Britain prepares to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II 's 60th year on the throne That 's a 35-point jump from 1997 , when her favorable rating stood at 47 % Poll showed 77 % of Americans saying the royal family is good for the people of England But only one in eight Americans would like to see royalty here in the United States
CNN  -- The Olympic journey of Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh Jennings ended where it all began : In the sand . Minutes after winning their third consecutive Olympic gold medal in women 's beach volleyball on Wednesday , the American duo announced an end to what is considered one of the winningest partnerships of the Games . May-Treanor , 35 , and Walsh Jennings , 33 , made history by putting away fellow Americans April Ross and Jennifer Kessy in two sets , 21-16 , 21-16 , to extend their undefeated streak in three successive Games to 21-0 . They lost only one of 43 sets . "  Beach volleyball is not going to be my career anymore , " May-Traenor told reporters shortly after the match . "  It 's time for me to be a wife . I want to be a mom . I want to share this time with my family . All of us athletes sacrifice more of the family than people maybe realize . It 's getting back to that . My mind says it 's time , my body says it 's time . It 's the right time . It 's time for me now to help the next generation . " Walsh Jennings is looking toward a possible fourth Olympic appearance at the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro . May-Treanor and Walsh Jennings partnership on the sand is the stuff of Olympic legend : A nearly 12 year partnership that helped elevate the sport to one of the hottest tickets at the Games . The two first teamed up in 2001 after less than satisfying performances at the 2000 Games in Sydney . May-Treanor finished 5th with then partner Holly McPeak in beach volleyball , while Walsh Jennings played on the women 's indoor team . By the time the two hit Athens in 2004 , they were already a force to be reckoned with having won international titles . But it was on the sand in Athens where they started their golden run -- and their shutout . By the time they hit Beijing in 2008 , they were full-fledged celebrities with endorsements and television appearances . They took an extended break in 2009-2010 , with Walsh Jennings giving birth twice and May-Treanor recovering from a torn Achilles tendon that she ruptured while preparing for a turn on "  Dancing with The Stars . " The break raised questions about whether the two would ever play together again . May-Traenor had decided not to play in 2011 , while Walsh Jennings was preparing for a run at the London Games with a different partner . As the story goes , just before the start of the 2011 season , May-Traenor reached out to Walsh Jennings and said she was ready to play again . They met in California where Walsh Jennings asked the big question : "  Are you all in ? " May-Traenor told NBC recently . The answer : Yes . But there were things to work out , on the sand and off . The two admitted to reporters during the London Olympics to attending relationship counseling to improve their communication skills -- and their game . Heading into Games , they were n't the favorites after less than golden performances in international competition . They struggled a bit . Walsh Jennings was diagnosed with pinkeye , and their winning streak looked to be in jeopardy after they lost a set to Austrian sisters Stefanie and Doris Schwaiger . The duo roared back , though , looking like the team of old . By the time they made it to the gold medal round , a capacity crowd that included royalty and celebrities -- from Prince Harry to David Beckham -- turned out to watch what May-Traenor had said months earlier would likely be her last match . In two sets , played just over 38 minutes , May-Traenor and Walsh Jennings completed their Olympic journey . "  I wanted to do this for her and finish in this way for both of us , " May-Treanor said . "  We 've lived so much life together . " Walsh Jennings turned to her teammate and said : "  It 's been 11 years of fun and crazy time . You are a dear , dear friend ... and I 'm glad that you went out the way you deserved . " The two women held hands -- united in victory and accomplishment -- as the American flag was raised and the National Anthem was played in their honor . There , on a podium in the sand , they bid a golden farewell . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh Jennings won a third consecutive gold medal The American duo extended their undefeated Olympic streak to 21-0 In three Games , they gave up only one set -- to Austria "  Beach volleyball is not going to be my career anymore , " May-Traenor says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama sought to put a human face on the heated political debate over immigration on Friday when he oversaw a naturalization ceremony for members of the military . In what 's become a White House tradition , Obama hosted immigrants who signed up to serve in the military , or whose spouses enlisted , and watched as they were sworn in as American citizens . The roster included 15 active duty members , two veterans , one reservist and seven military spouses . "  You did something extraordinary : You signed up to serve in the United States military , " Obama told the new citizens on Friday . "  You answered the call -- to fight and potentially to give your life for a country that you did n't fully belong to yet . You understood what makes us American is not just circumstances of birth , or the names in our family tree . It 's that timeless belief that from many we are one . " Oscar Vanegas Gonzalez , a Marine private first class who was born in Guatemala and came to the United States when he was 19 , became a citizen at the White House on Friday . In Guatemala , "  it was hard to have a good future , " Gonzalez said . "  This is a great nation . I want to be a part of this , " he said . "  There are so many options and opportunities of just being someone here , in the United States of America . " The President has hosted naturalization ceremonies for military families in four of his five years in the White House . Immigration debate Friday 's event , however , comes amid a fiery debate among lawmakers over immigration reform and border security , spurred in part by an influx of immigrant children arriving in the United States without their parents . Obama has vowed to follow the law in deporting the children , who officials say are fleeing violence in the Central American nations of Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador . The White House says the situation underscores the need to fix a broken immigration system , including calling for the passage of a comprehensive package of reforms approved by the Senate last year . That measure has stalled in the Republican-controlled House , leading Obama this week to announce he was planning to take executive action to make some changes on his own . Obama actions Officials have n't previewed what specific actions Obama may take , though the Department of Homeland Security is currently reviewing its deportation policy to locate ways to make it more "  humane . " That could include extending a deferred deportation rule Obama signed in 2012 for young immigrants brought here by their families . "  I 'm going to keep doing everything I can do to keep making our immigration system smarter and more efficient so hardworking men and women like all of you have the opportunity to join the American family and to serve our great nation , " Obama said during the naturalization ceremony on Friday . "  So we can be stronger and more prosperous and more whole -- together . " Former President George W. Bush signed an executive order in 2002 allowing for expedited naturalization for immigrant servicemen and women who enlisted after September 11 , 2001 . Since then , more than 90,000 military members have become citizens , along with some of their children and spouses . Obama 's Independence Day continues later in the evening with a party on the South Lawn for military families that features a performance by Pitbull and a prime viewing spot for fireworks on the National Mall . Deported veterans ask Obama for relief Nationality , identity and the Pledge of Allegiance : Becoming an American citizen	President Barack Obama participates in a naturalization ceremony for military members The ceremony takes on greater impact as a debate rages about immigration reform Thousands of immigrant children are flooding into the U.S. from Central America Buses with immigrants bound for detention centers have been met by angry protestors
CNN  -- There had to be something special about Rebekah Brooks . Here was a woman , after all , who managed to be a close friend of Tony and Cherie Blair , then a friend  perhaps less close and more briefly  of Gordon and Sarah Brown , and then a very close  "  lots of love "  friend of David and Samantha Cameron . Given the personality differences between those involved , and given their political differences , it is at least surprising that any one person could be cosy with them all . And for one woman to overcome the jealousy and suspicion of Brown towards a former chum of Blair , and then of Cameron towards a former chum of Brown and Blair , is nothing short of remarkable . Looking back , it is hard to avoid the conclusion either that this woman was so powerful that politicians felt they had no choice but to clasp her to their bosoms , or that she was so amazingly nice and such utterly marvelous company that anybody would want her at their dinner table . Giving evidence to Lord Justice Leveson 's inquiry on her relations with politicians , Brooks did her very best to show us her amazingly nice and marvelous side -- even in the teeth of some pretty niggling questions from Robert Jay QC . Demure and tidy beneath the famous mop of hair , she was polite and well-spoken , and always -- Andy Coulson-like -- controlled . But she also strove to appear warm , helpful and honorable . Where Jay tried to provoke , she smiled . When he pushed her towards a corner , she became engagingly baffled by his perversity . Her friendships were just normal , she implied . How often did she send text messages to the prime minister ? "  I would text Mr Cameron , on occasion -- like a lot of people . " Like you and me , perhaps . Her persistent forgetfulness about almost anything substantive was , her expression implied , normal too . Who remembers this kind of stuff ? As for influencing politicians , everything she did , she suggested , was driven by her loyalty not to Rupert Murdoch but to The Sun 's millions of readers , whom she could not or would not distinguish from "  the nation " or "  the country . " She acted "  for the paper and for the readership , " and insofar as she had power it was as a kind of embodiment of her readers . So when she  or The Sun  did something tough , as they did more than once to Gordon Brown , she wanted us to know that it was done for high-minded reasons , and with pain in her heart . Notably when The Sun dumped Brown on the morning after his annual party conference speech in 2009 , the timing was not , she said , designed to maximize damage , but to allow Brown a final opportunity to impress Sun readers in the speech . She also told us she tried to ring Brown just ahead of publication to warn him , as a "  general courtesy " and because it was "  the right thing to do . " When The Sun published a story about the health of the Browns ' son , it was all done in the nicest possible way , and if the couple had had reservations she would have spiked it . All of this Jay greeted with an air of skepticism , but Brooks 's message was clear : "  Look at me . I 'm nice . " What could be more natural than the Blairs , Browns and Camerons all falling in turn for such charms ? Maybe you would too . Mince pies and mulled wine in your Oxfordshire retreat ? Invite Rebekah . Girls ' slumber party at Chequers ? Invite Rebekah . But of course it ca n't be natural , as Lord Justice Leveson himself stepped in to remind us . In one of his several pertinent interventions he spoke to Brooks of "  relationships you have been careful to develop for professional reasons , and doubtless coincidentally for personal reasons , over the years . " Those words "  doubtless coincidentally " carry a vast weight . Even if Rebekah Brooks were Snow White and Mother Teresa rolled into one , nobody could seriously believe that the professional and the personal reasons for her friendships with political leaders just happened to coincide . And Brooks is nothing like Snow White or Mother Teresa . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Cathcart	Evidence given by ex-News International executive Rebekah Brooks at media inquiry highlighted relations with politicians Cathcart : Through her evidence Brooks strove to appear warm , helpful and honorable It seemed to Cathcart that some of her comments and evidence were greeted with skepticism by legal counsel
CNN  A stuffy , overcrowded cell . Perhaps two or three men to a single bunk . Lockdown for most of the day . Is this what awaits South Africa 's Oscar Pistorius when he 's sentenced for culpable homicide in the death of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp ? Legal experts say it 's impossible to predict what sentence Judge Thokozile Masipa may hand down . But many will be watching to see if the Olympian 's dramatic fall from grace ends with time behind bars . If that 's indeed the case , the chances are that life would not be easy for South Africa 's most famous disabled athlete . A double amputee , he needs prosthetic limbs to get around . And rights campaigners warn that South African prisons -- which they say are notorious for overcrowding , gang violence and unsanitary conditions -- are often a difficult environment even for the fittest of inmates . Nooshin Erfani-Ghadimi , project coordinator for the Johannesburg-based Wits Justice Project , a civil society group , believes Pistorius would likely receive far better treatment than the average prisoner -- as he has throughout the judicial process , she says . That means he might get a cell to himself . Even so , she told CNN , "  I do n't think anyone with a disability necessarily will be able to be provided for at the moment in a way that ensures that they would have the correct medical treatment , that they have the correct physical structures . " Some of South Africa 's prisons are better than others , of course . But whichever one might house Pistorius , there 's no question that conditions would be a far cry from those in the $ 560,000 home in the luxury Silverwoods Estate , on the outskirts of Pretoria , where he shot Steenkamp dead last year . Pretoria Central South Africa 's department of correctional services has policies in place for dealing with physically disabled inmates , Erfani-Ghadimi said . "  Policy and practice , however , are often poles apart . Unfortunately , prisoners with disabilities face the same inhumane conditions as other able-bodied inmates . " Correctional Services Department spokesman Koos Gerber previously told CNN that South Africa 's detention facilities , whether for remand prisoners or those serving prison terms , "  can accommodate people with any disabilities . " There 's been speculation that Pistorius could be sent to Pretoria Central Prison , although no one really knows . It 's not easy for rights researchers to get access inside , Erfani-Ghadimi said . But the prison does not have the best reputation . The Pretoria News reported last year on a case brought by six inmates who told Pretoria High Court of having to share a single cell with others , with no ventilation , dirty mattresses and no bedding . They were locked up for 18 hours a day , the court heard , and threatened with sexual violence by gangs . Steenkamp 's mother stunned by verdict , wants to meet Pistorius Medical care ` overstretched ' On average , Erfani-Ghadimi said , South African prisons are overcrowded , putting a strain on sanitation , ventilation and medical care . The overcrowding means three men may share a single cell , or communal cells for 40 people are jammed with double the number they were intended to hold , with men sleeping in double or triple bunks , according to the Wits Justice Project . One of the biggest risks associated with that is contracting tuberculosis , labeled the biggest killer in South Africa 's prisons in a recent report , Erfani-Ghadimi said . The disease spreads easily in packed , steamy cells with little air . In some prisons , overstretched nurses can never see all the people needing help on any day . Inconsistent treatment regimens mean drug-resistant TB strains develop and spread , while disruptions to antiretroviral programs also impact detainees who are HIV-positive . "  Also in terms of health management we 've seen stories of people who are diabetic and have gone into insulin shock because they 've been arrested and have n't been able to get to their medication , " Erfani-Ghadimi said . Speaking earlier this year , Correctional Services Minister Sibusiso Ndebele said that "  overcrowding at correctional facilities is a global challenge , " and that South Africa 's prison population had dropped over the past decade . As of April this year , there were about 157,400 inmates , of whom nearly 28 % were on remand -- a term used for pretrial custody , according to official figures . The country 's total population is about 54 million . Who is the judge that 'll be sentencing him ? Double-edged sword There 's no doubt that Pistorius ' case has put South Africa 's justice system under the international spotlight . While the scrutiny may have been uncomfortable at time for South African authorities , it appears to have worked in the track star 's favor until now . When he was first detained after Steenkamp 's killing , the African National Congress Women 's League complained that he got special treatment , both in where he was held and in access to his family . Some impoverished suspects who ca n't afford a lawyer or bail spend months or even years waiting for their cases just to come to court . But Pistorius was released on bail with relaxed conditions , and his trial began little more than a year after Steenkamp 's death on February 14 , 2013 . Erfani-Ghadimi describes his progress through the legal system as "  an anomaly " in terms of both speed and the expert resources dedicated to it . "  Other cases normally take much longer , and both the victims and the accused face the strong probability of a miscarriage of justice , " she wrote in a piece published on The Conversation website . However , when it comes to serving time in prison , the athlete 's fame -- and the extra attention that goes with it -- could be a double-edged sword when it comes to getting special privileges , she told CNN . "  A lot of people are able to subvert  the system  and pay bribes and get away with things , but he has n't been able to , " she said . "  But on the other hand he has been able to get advantages that other people have n't . " ` Living here is very hard ' Some of these differences may be stark . The Wits Justice Project has highlighted the case of paraplegic inmate Ronnie Fakude , held on remand for 28 months before being freed on bail earlier this year with an electronic tag , in a pilot monitoring project . Before his release , he described his experience to Carolyn Raphaely , a senior journalist with the project . "  I 'm a 50-year-old paraplegic and have been awaiting trial for more than two years since my arrest on fraud charges in December 2011 . I ca n't walk , I ca n't control my bowel or bladder and have to wear disposable baby nappies which my family buy for me . I 'm paralysed from level four and do n't have a wheelchair , " he said , according to the project . "  If I use my -LSB- crutches -RSB- I have to pull my legs and throw them to the front . That 's how I walk . Living here is very hard . We are 88 men in this cell which is meant for 32 . Sometimes there are more . Twelve people sleep in two bunks pushed together , that 's six on the top and six on the bottom . I have my own bed on the bottom , which is a privilege . Luckily , I do n't have to share because of my medical status . "  There are eight or 10 people with TB in this cell and four or five we know are HIV-positive . A guy with multi-drug resistant TB sleeps on top of me . I feel vulnerable all the time . " Erfani-Ghadimi argues that as a severely disabled man , Fakude should never have been in detention at all . And if she had her way , the same would be true for Pistorius . Rise of ` cyberathletes ' could change sport as we know it	Oscar Pistorius is due to be sentenced for the negligent killing of Reeva Steenkamp This raises the prospect that the double amputee may be given a prison sentence South Africa 's prisons are notorious for overcrowding and poor sanitation , activists say A paraplegic inmate told the Wits Justice Project of being detained in awful conditions
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former terrorist suspects detained by the United States were tortured , according to medical examinations detailed in a report released Wednesday by a human rights group . A U.S. serviceman with his dog watches a detainee at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq in 2003 . The Massachusetts-based Physicians for Human Rights reached that conclusion after two-day clinical evaluations of 11 former detainees , who had been held at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and in Afghanistan . The detainees were never charged with crimes . "  We found clear physical and psychological evidence of torture and abuse , often causing lasting suffering , " said Dr. Allen Keller , a medical evaluator for the study . In a 121-page report , the doctors ' group said that it uncovered medical evidence of torture , including beatings , electric shock , sleep deprivation , sexual humiliation , sodomy and scores of other abuses . The report is prefaced by retired U.S. Major Gen. Antonio Taguba , who led the Army 's investigation into the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal in 2003 . Watch why a rights group says there 's evidence of torture " "  There is no longer any doubt that the current administration committed war crimes , " Taguba says . "  The only question is whether those who ordered torture will be held to account . " Over the years , reports of abuses at Abu Ghraib and allegations of torture at Guantanamo prompted the Bush administration to deny that the U.S. military tortures detainees . Since only 11 detainees were examined "  the findings of this assessment can not be generalized to the treatment of all detainees in U.S. custody , " the report says . However , the incidents documented are consistent with findings of other investigations into government treatment , "  making it reasonable to conclude that these detainees were not the only ones abused , but are representative of a much larger number of detainees subjected to torture and ill treatment while in U.S. custody . " Four of the men evaluated were arrested in or taken to Afghanistan between late 2001 and early 2003 and later were sent to Guantanamo Bay , where they were held for an average of three years before being released without charge , the report says . The other seven were detained in Iraq in 2003 and released within a year , the report says . All the subjects told examiners that they were subjected to multiple forms of torture or ill treatment that "  often occurred in combination over a long period of time , " the report says . While the report presents synopses of the detainees ' backgrounds based on interviews with them , the authors did not have access to the detainees ' medical histories . Therefore , there 's no way to know whether any of the inmates may have had medical or mental problems before being detained . Among the ex-detainees was an Iraqi in his mid-40s , identified only as Laith , whom U.S. soldiers took into custody in October 2003 and who was released from Abu Ghraib in June 2004 . According to the report , Laith was subjected to sleep deprivation , electric shocks and threats of sexual abuse to himself and his family . "  They took off even my underwear . They asked me to do some movements that make me look in a very bad way so they can take photographs . ... They were trying to make me look like an animal , " Laith told examiners , according to the report . According to the report , Laith said the most "  painful " experiences involved threats to his family : "  And they asked me , ` Have you ever heard voices of women in this prison ? ' I answered , ` Yes . ' They were saying , ` Then you will hear your mothers and sisters when we are raping them . ' " The examiners concluded in the report that "  Laith appears to have suffered severe and lasting physical and psychological injuries as a result of his arrest and incarceration at Abu Ghraib prison . " Another detainee , Youssef , was detained by U.S. soldiers nearly seven years ago when he tried to enter Afghanistan from neighboring Pakistan without a passport , the report says . He initially was held in an Afghan prison , where he describes "  being stripped naked , being intimidated by dogs , being hooded and being thrown against the wall on repeated occasions , " the report says . A few months later , he was taken to the Guantanamo Bay facility , where he was subjected to interrogators who would enter his cell and force him to lie on the floor with his hands tied behind his back to his feet , the report says . Youssef said the interrogators wanted him to confess of involvement with the Taliban , the report says . Based on its investigation , the report calls on the U.S. government to issue a formal apology to detainees subject to torture and ill treatment by the military since fall 2001 in Afghanistan , Iraq , Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere . The rights group also demands that the Bush administration : • "  Repudiate all forms of torture and cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment " ; • Establish an independent commission to investigate and report publicly the circumstances of detention and interrogation at U.S.-run prisons in Afghanistan , Iraq and Guantanamo Bay ; • Hold individuals involved in torturing detainees accountable through criminal and civil processes ; and • Monitor thoroughly the conditions at U.S.-run prisons all over the world . CNN Radio contributed to this report .	Report reveals medical evidence of torture , including beatings and electric shock Study calls on U.S. government to issue a formal apology to tortured detainees Rights group gives list of demands to Bush administration
CNN  -- Manchester City capped off a memorable week by booking its place in the FA Cup final for the second time in three seasons . City , which defeated fierce rival Manchester United at Old Trafford last Monday , claimed a 2-1 win over Chelsea at Wembley Sunday to set up a final tie with Wigan Athletic . City last won the country 's oldest and most prestigious cup competition back in 2011 when it defeated Stoke 1-0 . On this occasion , Samir Nasri 's first half strike and Sergio Aguero 's looping header secured victory for Roberto Mancini 's men in a thrilling contest against last season 's European Champions League winners . Demba Ba 's spectacular 66th minute strike had given Chelsea a sniff of a comeback and manager Rafael Benitez was left seething after claiming his side was denied a clear penalty . The Blues looked set to equalize when Fernando Torres raced through only to appear to be wrestled to the ground by City captain Vincent Kompany -- but the officials decided against awarding a spot kick . "  Was it a penalty ? Yes clearly . Very clearly , " Benitez told ITV . "  The penalty not being given was a key moment in the game as Vincent Kompany could also have been sent off . "  You can see the pictures . We have two situations like that in the second half . "  We played against a very good team , if they had scored another the game would have been over . "  But we keep going and we had chances to be back in the game so these decisions were very important . " Chelsea , which defeated Liverpool in last year 's final , was second best for much of the contest and trailed at the break through Nasri 's close range finish . Aguero 's effort two minutes after interval increased City 's lead before Ba 's acrobatic effort ensured a frantic finale . "  It was a difficult game , " Mancini told ITV . "  The players did well to win this game , fighting for every ball until the last second . "  In the first half we had everything under control . When Demba Ba scored , it caused us a problem for 10 minutes . "  When we won the FA Cup against Stoke , it was a difficult game , and I expect the same against Wigan . "  But now we have to win the final and finish second in the championship that is our target . " Chelsea 's hope of winning a trophy now rests on the Europa League where it faces a semifinal against Swiss side Basel . "  I am really disappointed with the result . When we played with Fernando Torres , the team had more energy , " Benitez told reporters . "  If you see the performance in the second-half , the players will know they can do well in the rest of the season . You could see we had energy , quality and desire . " While City was celebrating at Wembley , its arch rival Manchester United was also reflecting on success after claiming a 2-0 win at Stoke -- a win which takes it 15 points clear at the summit of the Premier League . Robin van Persie 's first goal in 10 games and Michael Carrick 's opener allowed United to pick up all three points at struggling Stoke . And manager Alex Ferguson was delighted to see his star striker finally get back amongst the goals -- even if he was almost sent flying by the subsequent celebration . "  He nearly killed me ! He forgets I 'm 71 , " Ferguson joked . "  It was a great celebration as it brought the emotion of the players and the fans together . We really did celebrate that . " United now requires just seven points from its final six games to win the title and wrestle it back from neighbor City . Ferguson told Sky Sports : " "  If we were starting the season today , with seven games left , would we fancy ourselves to win the league ? That was the point of it . "  Not looking back or looking at the points we got or the goal difference . It 's to start the season today . "  The players deserve all the credit for the battling performance they gave . "  The character of the team is showing . They went out on the pitch with that and got the result they deserved . " In the day 's other Premier League game , Sunderland produced a memorable performance to claim a 3-0 win at fierce foe Newcastle . Manager Paolo Di Canio led the celebrations as goals from Stephane Sessegnon , Adam Johnson and David Vaughan propelled Sunderland three points clear of the drop zone . And the 44-year-old Italian took time to dedicate the victory to his late mother , who passed away exactly one year ago yesterday . Di Canio asked reporters : "  Can I tell you something ? "  Sometimes , some special things have to remain inside yourself . It 's not good to share with others because it 's very deep inside yourself . "  But I believe in this thing . Before the kick off , I saw the face of my Mama smiling . Exactly yesterday , it was one year since she passed away . "  Exactly one year ago , there was the same situation . I was in the dug-out the day after she passed away and we won the game -- I was at Swindon -- and today , it has happened again . "  For this , I have to thank not only my Mama , otherwise my Dad - he is next to her , but today , he is going to be upset . "  But Dad , Mama was special today , so my dedication goes to her today , to my Mam . " In Spain , league leader Barcelona cruised to a 3-0 win at Real Zaragoza with two goals from Cristian Tello and a strike from Thiago Alcantara doing the damage . Barca sits 13 points clear of Real Madrid , which also won 3-0 with two goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and a strike from Gonzalo Higuain seeing off Atheltic Bilbao . Meanwhile , Radamel Falcao scored twice as third place Atletico Madrid cruised to a 5-0 win over Granada , while Real Sociedad 's Imanol Agirretxe kept his side 's push for Champions League football on track . Agirretxe scored both goals as Sociedad overcame Rayo Vallecano 2-0 to open up a four point gap between itself and fifth place Malaga . In Italy , third-place Milan drew 1-1 with second place Napoli in a result which does neither team any good in their pursuit of league leader Juventus . Mathieu Flamini gave Milan a 30th minute lead only for Goran Pandev to equalize three minutes later . Flamini was later sent off with 18 minutes to go but Napoli was unable to force a winner and remains in second , nine points off the top . Elsewhere , Inter Milan suffered a 2-0 defeat at Cagliari as it slumped to a third loss in four games . Mauricio Pinilla scored twice to leave Inter 's hope of qualifying for next season 's Champions League in jeopardy . Ten-man Roma picked up all three points at Torino courtesy of a 2-1 victory . Pablo Osvaldo and Erik Lamela got the goals before Federico Balzaretti was sent off after receiving a second yellow card . Elsewhere , Udinese eased to a 3-0 win at Parma , while Palermo finished 1-1 against Bologna , Chievo finished goalless against Catania and Genoa drew 1-1 with Sampdoria .	Manchester City defeated Chelsea 2-1 in the FA Cup semifinal at Wembley Samir Nasri and Sergio Aguero on target for City , who will face Wigan in final Manchester United moves 15 points clear at top of Premier League Robin van Persie scores for first time in 10 games during 2-0 win
Panama City , Panama  CNN  -- Four days have passed since Panamanian authorities discovered undeclared military weapons hidden aboard a North Korean ship , and the painstaking process of examining the entire vessel is crawling at a snail 's pace . The ship has five cargo holds , only one of which has been emptied as of Thursday . "  The technicians on board have told us that this cargo was loaded in a way that makes it difficult to unload , " Panamanian Security Minister Jose Raul Mulino said . The North Korean crew had resisted the Panamanian authorities and cut the cables to the onboard cranes . Panamanian investigators brought their own cranes , but removing the containers inside the cargo holds has been an "  odyssey , " Mulino said . The ship originated in Cuba , and the Cubans have admitted to owning the military equipment , claiming it was being sent to North Korea to be repaired and returned . But many questions remain . If the weapons were not a secret , why were they hidden under sacks of sugar ? Why the did the captain attempt to commit suicide ? A public prosecutor is charging the captain and 35 North Korean crew members with illegal possession of weapons and international arms trafficking , Panamanian government spokesman Eduardo Camacho said . North Korean officials , meanwhile , asked for Panama to release the cargo ship and let the crew go . Panama has formally asked the United Nations for guidance on how to handle the case . "  For us , it is important to finish this operation , wait for the United Nations to come , and they will decide " how to proceed , Mulino said . "  Panama is completely transparent in this ; we have no experience in dealing with this type of problem . " Because it is pursuing nuclear weapons , North Korea is banned by the United Nations from importing and exporting most weapons . Scene at the port At the port of Manzanillo , inspectors opened shipping containers in front of reporters . Heavily armed troops stand guard . In the first cargo hold , six shipping containers were found underneath sacks of brown sugar , in two stacks of three . The tops of some of the containers were caved in because of the weight of the sugar . Inside the containers lies the military equipment . Inspectors walked inside the containers , taking pictures . Cuban officials have described the materiel as "  240 metric tons of obsolete defensive weapons " sent to North Korea "  to be repaired and returned to Cuba . " The equipment was manufactured in the mid-20th century and included two anti-aircraft missile systems , nine missiles in parts and spares , two MiG-21 jets and 15 motors for this type of airplane , the Cuban foreign ministry said . U.S. involved in investigation The United States and Panama had been tracking the ship as it crossed the Panama Canal to Cuba and then back , two U.S. officials said . And a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said Wednesday that the United States would help in the investigation . The Panamanians asked the United States for imaging equipment and technicians to fully examine the boat and determine what is on board , according to a U.S. official who declined to be identified because the person was not authorized to speak publicly . Speculation has surged since Panama announced its find , with some warning that it was a troubling sign of weapons deals between North Korea and Cuba , and others disputing whether any dangers lay within the antiquated haul . Cuba says the weapons are "  obsolete . " And experts who identified early Cold War relics such as the Soviet-designed SA-2 air defense system among the ship 's cargo say that 's not far from the truth . "  Today there is no reason for any Western pilot to be hit by an SA-2 . If you get caught by one of them , you 've done something bloody stupid , or you 've got very bad luck , " said James O'Halloran , editor of Jane 's Land Based Air Defence and Jane 's Strategic Weapon Systems . "  No modern country wants to be seen with those . " But others saw the weapons haul as a more ominous sign . In a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a frequent critic of the Cuban government , described the weapons shipment as a "  flagrant violation of multiple United Nations Security Council Resolutions . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta and journalist May Lee in Panama contributed to this report .	NEW : Captain , crew face weapons trafficking charges Investigators have emptied only one of five cargo holds on the ship They have found military weapons in shipping containers Cubans say the equipment was bound for North Korea for repair
CNN  -- Over the years , the Winter Olympics has thrown up a variety of competitors that defy logic . There was Jamaica 's legendary bobsled team , a cross-country skier from Kenya and Britain 's Eddie ` The Eagle ' Edwards , whose inept performances in 1988 prompted a change in the qualifying rules . Now , one of the world 's most famous violinists can be added to the eclectic mix . This weekend , Vanessa Mae -- who has sold over 10 million albums worldwide -- sneaked through qualifying for next month 's Olympics . "  She 's done it by a whisker , but she 's done it , " manager Giles Holland told the BBC . In Sochi , Mae will compete as Vanessa Vanakorn , using the surname of her Thai father and representing his homeland as well . She may be used to racing through scales , her fingers dancing atop the strings of a violin , but the 35-year-old must now negotiate a very different rhythm as she is pitched into the giant slalom . With the Games starting on February 7 , Mae left it late to book her place -- only claiming the relevant qualifying marks this weekend , which the International Ski Federation  FIS  confirmed on Monday . Olympic qualification rules determine that countries without a skier ranked in the world 's top 500 can send one male and one female competitor to the Games -- to compete in slalom and giant slalom -- as long as the athletes can achieve a second set of criteria . This was to produce an average of 140 points or fewer over five recognized races . She managed this over the weekend after competing in four giant slalom races in Slovenia , even competing in a national junior championship race where the diminutive Mae , 5ft 3in , stuck out by virtue of being 14 years older than her nearest rival . "  According to the qualification system which we have , which requires her to start at least five slalom or giant slalom races , she has done so , " said Ana Jelusic , the FIS 's Alpine media co-ordinator . "  It also requires her to come below a certain number of FIS points , which in this case is 140 . She has done so . " Lifelong Hobby Mae started skiing at the age of four , a year before she took up the violin , and she describes the sport as her ` lifelong hobby ' . Such an attitude fueled her decision to relocate from London to Zermatt , after buying a house in the Swiss resort in 2009 , where she lives with long-term boyfriend Lionel Catelan , for whom skiing is also in the blood after growing up in the French town of Val d'IsÃ ¨ re . The musician will become only the second Winter Olympian to represent Thailand . In 2002 , Prawat Nagvajara was so slow on his debut that he was pulled out of his race , before improving -- as it were -- to finish last in his cross country event at the Turin Games four years later . At the age of 10 , Mae made her solo debut with the Philharmonia Orchestra in London . Three years later , she was the youngest soloist ever to record the demanding Beethoven and Tchaikovsky violin concertos . Born in Singapore , she grew up in London where she became famous for what she herself has termed "  techno-acoustic fusion " , a mix of classical and modern styles . Mae has said that she will return to her music once her Olympic dream is over .	Violinist Vanessa Mae qualifies for Sochi 2014 in alpine skiing Musician will compete as Vanessa Vanakorn , her father 's surname , for Thailand Child prodigy has sold 10 million albums worldwide Only one Thai has previously competed at the Winter Olympics
CNN  -- As the director of "  Pirates of the Caribbean " Nos. 1 , 2 and 3 , filmmaker Gore Verbinski is intimately familiar with the massive needs of a potential summer blockbuster . The explosions have to be bigger ; the scenes more captivating ; the action sequences more believable and awe-inspiring . "  I think every director who 's making a big movie this summer has gone through the same thing , " Verbinski told CNN 's Nischelle Turner . "  That 's what audiences expect , and you 've got ta be really entertaining . It 's competition . " On July 3 , Verbinski will enter the summer box office race not with pirates , but cowboys . With Jerry Bruckheimer producing  as he 's done with the "  Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise , among several other top Hollywood titles  , Verbinski has enlisted Armie Hammer and "  Pirates " star Johnny Depp to help him reinvent and tell the origin story of the masked seeker of justice . "  The Lone Ranger , " which just released its fourth trailer on Wednesday , was shot over five months across Colorado , Utah , Arizona , New Mexico and California . It was a strenuous , stressful undertaking as the crew pulled 18-hour days in places such as Rio Puerco , a location so arid "  we 're still getting dust out of our ears and nose and eyes , " Verbinski said . "  Nobody understands how difficult it is actually to do it , " Bruckheimer added . "  The grueling hours , the lack of sleep . -LSB- Verbinski 's -RSB- always looking for another location -- he lost a location , he 's got to shoot something else the next day , an actor 's sick . ... It 's just unbelievable that you 're running this thing for a number of months and you 're moving an army five states . " All in the name of the summer blockbuster . And the locations , which were painful but necessary to endure given that "  The Lone Ranger " is a Western , were just half the challenge . Verbinski , it seems , was n't willing to settle for a fake locomotive -- those trains you see roaring through the TV spots were man-made . "  Everything is real , " Bruckheimer said . "  Gore does n't like to do it with the visual effects , so those guys are really on the train , the train is actually moving , it 's not a CG shot -- so everything you see here is real . So it had to be built . You ca n't imagine how many people it takes just to keep the train running ; to get the stunt guys to keep the guys on top of the train ; the rigging so they 're all safe and the amount of extras -LSB- to be -RSB- the people in the background ; it 's just a lot . " Is it any wonder that , on a scale of difficulty ranging from 1-10 , Verbinski puts making "  The Lone Ranger " at an "  11 " ? "  Eleven , definitely . This is the hardest movie , " Verbinski said . "  I mean , hats off to -LSB- ` Stagecoach , ' ` Searchers ' director -RSB- John Ford and -LSB- ` Once Upon a Time in the West ' director -RSB- Sergio -LSB- Leone -RSB- and all those kinds who make these Westerns because they 're really hard . I mean we all know what a train looks like and we all know what horses look like and it 's not a giant robot or a flying saucer , so what are you going to -LSB- do -RSB- , put someone against a blue screen ? " That 's not to say that the popcorn sci-fi flicks are more forgiving , because "  there are no easy movies -- those movies are really hard too , " Verbinksi said . "  But we know what that -LSB- Western -RSB- reality looks like , there 's a whole language that 's been established about what we know and feel from real horses and real dirt and real trains , and they 're hard movies . This movie has Comanche and cavalry and trains , and we went and shot in five states . It 's a big movie . " But by now , "  big " is just what we expect from Verbinski , and especially when paired with Bruckheimer , and they 're hoping "  The Lone Ranger " will come across as an explosive , fresh take on a familiar story . " -LSB- Verbinski -RSB- makes big movies and that 's what audiences love and that 's why summer movies become blockbusters , because you give them a lot of punch for their 10 or 12 bucks , " Bruckheimer said . " -LSB- We 're -RSB- reinventing the tale of the Lone Ranger , but starting with the origin . It 's the origin story , told through Tonto 's point of view , who 's not quite accurate with what he remembers , so it 's a lot of fun . " Johnny Depp 's latest movie projects CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this report .	Director Gore Verbinski says audience expectations are high for a summer blockbuster The demands for a movie as big as "  The Lone Ranger " are even greater Between the weather and creating the sets , the production was grueling Producer Jerry Bruckheimer : " -LSB- Verbinski -RSB- makes big movies and that 's what audiences love "
Dr. Craig Barrett joined Intel as a technology manager in 1974 , and was with the company during most of its major developments . Having stayed working his way up through the company , serving in posts including president , COO and CEO , Dr. Barrett was made Intel 's chairman of the board in May , 2005 . Prior to joining the company , he was an associate professor at Stanford University in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering . Dr. Barrett still works as an adviser to Stanford , where he earned his Ph.D. in materials science , and spent 10 years on the faculty . Dr. Barrett has strong connections to education and has testified before U.S. Congress about strengthening maths , science and technology education ; advised the U.S. President on education issues , and has been an outspoken advocate for higher standards in schools . In addition to serving as co-chair of NAB 's Business Coalition for Excellence in Education , Dr. Barrett served on the National Commission on Mathematics and Science Teaching for the 21st Century . He is past chairman of the board and current board member of the Semiconductor Industry Association , which represents over 90 percent of the American semiconductor manufacturers . Dr. Barrett serves as Chairman of the Computer Systems Policy Project  CSPP  , a coalition of eight Chief Executive Officers from the leading information technology companies in the United States . The members of CSPP work to educate policymakers on issues facing the technology industry . E-mail to a friend	Dr. Craig Barrett joined Intel in 1974 as a technology manager He currently serves as an adviser to Stanford University , where he studied Dr. Barrett has spoken to U.S. Congress , President on education
Pasco , Washington  CNN  A proud laborer from Mexico , Antonio Zambrano-Montes picked fruit in the orchards of Washington state , but when his most valuable tools -- his hands -- became injured last year . he fell into deep despair . He could n't work or send money to family in Mexico , two routines that shaped his life . It was this misfortune that distressed Zambrano-Montes in the days before he and police in the town of Pasco clashed in February , in a confrontation that ended with officers firing a total of 17 bullets , hitting Zambrano-Montes several times and killing him . He was unarmed but was accused of pelting police with rocks . His killing is now cited by family and Latino activists as another national example of officers using excessive lethal force against unarmed men , often minority men . The police shooting of Zambrano-Montes , 35 , now haunts his family , due in no small measure to how the hail of police bullets was captured on videos and posted on YouTube by bystanders . "  Toño , " as loved ones called him , was one of 16 children , and he migrated to the United States about 10 years ago to join other relatives and harvest food on farms , said his mother , Agapita Montes . That police fired 17 bullets at one of her 16 children leaves the mother aghast , she said . "  My son was a happy person , a hard worker and he got along with his siblings , " the mother said last week in an interview with CNN en Espanol shortly after a funeral service for her son at Pasco 's Saint Patrick Catholic Church . "  I had not seen him in 10 years , but I would talk to him over the phone , " said the mother , who traveled to Pasco from her rural home in the central Mexican state of Michoacán for her son 's funeral . "  I felt good that he was here . He was happy , and as a mother that was good for me , " she said . It was at a funeral home where the 60-year-old Montes saw her son for the first time in a decade . More precisely , what she saw was his body . She almost fainted . "  Imagine so many years without seeing him and to come and see him in this situation . For a mother , it 's heartbreaking , something you never hope for or want to happen to your children , " Montes said . The video of officers gunning down Zambrano-Montes keeps playing over and over in the minds of the family . The tape shows Zambrano running across a street with police in pursuit before he was fatally shot . Police have said that Zambrano-Montes was throwing rocks at cars and trucks when confronted by police . He then allegedly stoned two officers , and police resorted to deadly force , authorities said . Officers had used a Taser on him , but it was n't effective , police said . From what the mother has seen of the video , she noticed her son is n't shown throwing rocks . "  I do n't see him throwing rocks . The only thing I can see is that he 's running , he raises his hands and they still shoot him . Why ? I ask myself . Why ? " Montes said . "  And when he falls , they still handcuff him , and that is what hurts me the most . " Zambrano-Montes ' family said his limited English left him unable to understand the officers ' commands , shouted in English . More than half of Pasco 's 68,000 residents are Latino . Of the 71 sworn officers in the police department , 12 are certified as fluent in Spanish , a spokesman said . Montes now wants justice for her son . "  I ask for justice to be done because it 's not right what they did to my son , " Montes said . Erlinda Zambrano , an aunt of Zambrano-Montes , also found it very difficult to accept the police version of events , she said . "  We are living with profound pain from how he died , and it 's something very bad and terrible , " the aunt said . "  I look at the videos now and I can not sleep because it 's too hard . " The police killing of Zambrano-Montes has left the family grief-stricken and torn apart . In fact , a rift has developed between his mother 's family and his former wife , Teresa De Jesus Meraz Ruiz , 32 , who 's also mother to his two young daughters . Each side commissioned a separate autopsy on Zambrano-Montes ' body . The mother and the former wife have n't spoken to one another for years . In fact , Zambrano-Montes and the former wife had been separated for many years , according to the mother and the former wife 's attorney . In all , the case involves three autopsies , including the one conducted by authorities . In a surprising revelation this past week , one of the autopsies appeared to conflict with the official account . The autopsy commissioned by Meraz Ruiz and her attorney appeared to show that Zambrano-Montes had bullet wounds to the buttocks and the back of the arm . That is at odds with what authorities said a day earlier , when Kennewick Police Sgt. Ken Lattin told reporters , "  We do know this from the preliminary autopsy report , there were no shots in the back . " Kennewick police belong to a team of local law agencies , called the Tri-City Special Investigative Unit , that is conducting an independent investigation of the police shooting of Zambrano-Montes in Pasco . Franklin County Prosecuting Attorney Shawn P. Sant declined to comment this week on how the conflict between the two autopsies . Sant was shown a copy of a body diagram in the second autopsy , conducted by the former wife 's side , he said . "  Our office is waiting for complete reports from both pathologists before making any conclusions , " Sant said in a statement . "  There are several questions that will be answered in the final pathology reports including number of gunshot wounds , number of bullets recovered , bullet trajectories , etc. , " Sant said . Ultimately , an inquest jury will "  decide what information is significant to the cause and manner of death and whether anyone is criminally liable for Mr. Zambrano 's death , " Sant said . Zambrano-Montes 's mother said her son married Meraz Ruiz in a church ceremony in Mexico more than 10 years ago , but the marriage was n't officially registered with civil records . Meraz Ruiz could n't be reached for comment , but her attorney , Charles Herrmann , acknowledged his client 's church marriage in Mexico and asserted that Meraz Ruiz is the legal wife and widow of Zambrano-Montes . The couple had been separated for "  quite some time , " and Meraz Ruiz and the couple 's two daughters now live in California , Herrmann said . Meanwhile , Ruiz and her two children this week withdrew a $ 25 million claim against the city of Pasco alleging that officers killed Zambrano-Montes "  execution style , " Herrmann said . Herrmann said his client wants to do more research and investigation into the shooting . The former wife plans to file a renewed claim at a later date , Herrmann said . For her part , Zambrano-Montes ' mother has hired attorney Benjamin Crump , who has represented the families of Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin , both young African-American men whose deaths caused national protests . Brown , 19 , was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri ; the officer was cleared of criminal wrongdoing . Martin , 17 , was also unarmed when he was fatally shot in a physical confrontation in Florida with former neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman , who was later acquitted of a murder charge by a jury . Meanwhile , the Mexican consul in Seattle , Eduardo Baca , has written a letter to Pasco Police Chief Robert Metzger expressing "  deep concern over the unwarranted use of lethal force against an unarmed Mexican national by police officers . " Zambrano-Montes ' mother and family have asked U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to conduct "  a full , fair and complete investigation " into the killing , according to a Friday letter provided by the mother 's attorney . The U.S. Justice Department office in Seattle is monitoring the case , a spokesman said . Also , the FBI in Seattle "  is monitoring the investigation of this use of force , conducted by the Tri-City Special Investigative Unit , " FBI spokeswoman Ayn Dietrich-Williams in Seattle said . Meanwhile , Latino community leaders in Pasco met Wednesday with the U.S. attorney for Eastern Washington , Michael Ormsby , and Assistant U.S. Attorney A. Aine Ahmed , according to the group Consejo Latino . The meeting lasted two and a half hours , the group said . That organization is advancing a community demand for a U.S. Department of Justice inquiry into Zambrano-Montes ' killing because of "  widely-held community beliefs that the local police investigation of the police shooting was perceived as a conflict of interest and was lacking in credibility and impartiality , " Consejo Latino said . According to the group , the federal prosecutor 's office will provide remedies and suggestions to Pasco police on their practices and procedures . For now , Zambrano-Montes ' mother has taken control over her son 's body , which she plans to send to Mexico for burial on a little ranch called Pomaro in the Michoacán municipality of Aquila , she said . The former wife is n't contesting the mother 's control over Zambrano-Montes ' body , said Herrmann , attorney for the former wife . The plot is near where the mother and her family live , in the mountains far from people . In fact , they must walk a good distance just to go shopping , Montes said . His burial has been delayed because the mother commissioned an autopsy on her son in Florida , conducted this past week , and she has ordered more tests on his remains . His grave will mark the end to a long journey . He came to the United States looking for his own American dream , Zambrano-Montes 's family said . But he left the world through what his family says is a continuing nightmare . CNN en Espanol 's Jaqueline Hurtado reported from Pasco . CNN 's Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Antonio Zambrano-Montes , 35 , picked fruit in Washington state 's orchards until he injured his hands He arrived to the United States about 10 years from Michoacan , Mexico His family says they want justice after he died unarmed in police shooting
CNN  -- The death toll from flooding in the Philippines climbed to 140 Monday as a tropical depression in the Pacific sparked new fears of flooding . iReporter Doranne Lim captures the desperate measures some people are being forced to take . Flood water began to subside after a weekend that saw Manila hit with its heaviest rainfall in more than 40 years . More than 80 percent of the capital was under water at one point Sunday . The deluge caused by Tropical Storm Ketsana , which has since strengthened into a typhoon , engulfed whole houses and buses . At least 140 people have died , the National Disaster Coordinating Council said . Are you there ? Share your story or pictures Manila , on the island of Luzon , and the nearby province of Rizal bore the brunt of the storm . People huddled on rooftops Sunday waiting on army helicopters to pluck them to safety . Others used ropes to wade through waist-deep muddy waters . Power and water supply failed in some areas . Roads were rendered impassable , making rescue efforts challenging . Rescue crews were handing out food rations . See incredible images of the flooding " "  Right now the challenge is to find out how many people have actually died and how many people we have to take care of in terms of people who 've been displaced , " said Richard Gordon , the chairman of the Philippines National Red Cross . "  We 're really talking about maybe hundreds of thousands of people , " with about 280,000 to 300,000 displaced in the island of Luzon alone , he said . Though the Philippines is no stranger to floods , Saturday 's downpours approached a record , with a month 's worth of rain falling within six hours . The average rainfall for the month of September is 391 mm  15.4 inches  , said Gilberto Teodoro , chairman of the National Disaster Coordinating Council . The capital experienced 341 mm  13.4 inches  between 8 a.m. and 2 p.m. , he said . Officials worried that if the rains return , they could bring more floods if reservoirs burst . "  We 're hoping that there will be no more breaching of the dams , " Gordon said . "  That 's one of the things that are very disconcerting to many people right now . " Mike Anthony Catuira spent Sunday retrieving valuable belongings and seeking cover on higher ground . Overflowing rivers in the municipality of Tanay in Rizal province had inundated shops and homes , he said . "  The storm 's local name ` Ondoy ' is really a powerful storm , and this is the most severe storm in my whole life , " he said in an iReport video to CNN .	Flooding caused by Tropical Storm Ketsana leaves up to 300,000 displaced More than 80 percent of capital was under water at one point Sunday Manila , on island of Luzon , and nearby province of Rizal bore brunt of storm Power , water supply fail in some areas ; Roads impassable , affecting rescue efforts
Barbara Bowman never thought this day would come . The artist says that when she spoke out three weeks ago , in a Washington Post opinion article , she hoped to give voice to other women who claimed to have been sexually assaulted by legendary comedian Bill Cosby . She says she wanted them to know they were not alone . Since then , at least 16 others have gone public with accusations . Many of them offered similar stories about being drugged and raped , and said they were reluctant to talk earlier because they feared for their careers , their families or their own safety . Three of Cosby 's accusers , including Bowman , told CNN on Tuesday of having struggled and gained strength in solidarity . "  One of my main goals was to reach out to these women who did n't have the courage yet , " said Bowman . "  Seeing it in action is really intense . " While Cosby has not commented on the allegations , his camp has repeatedly and vigorously denied them . In a recent statement , Cosby 's lawyer Martin D. Singer said it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " Victoria Valentino was a Playboy bunny when , she claims , Cosby drugged and raped her in the late 1960s . She called such denials "  absolutely ridiculous , " adding , "  he 's got a very good spin doctor . " Asked why it took her and others so long to come forward , Valentino said that "  over the years , women did n't have a voice . " "  Rape victims , sexual assault victims were victimized by the system , " she told CNN 's ` New Day . ' " ... We did n't believe in the system , because the system did not stand by us through things like this . " Rape allegations wo n't go away for Bill Cosby Comedian draws attention to Cosby accusations In the pantheon of America 's greatest comedians , they do n't get much bigger than Bill Cosby . He broke though in the 1960s on the stand-up circuit with his reflections on everything growing up in Philadelphia to family life with his children and wife Camille . Cosby . His comedy albums became bestsellers and award-winners ; he spearheaded numerous shows , from children 's programming like "  Fat Albert " and Nick Jr. 's current "  Little Bill " to his groundbreaking sitcom , "  The Cosby Show . " Cosby also became a well-known and respected voice on a host of hot-button issues . "  Bill Cosby is a gifted comedian who has used the power of laughter to heal wounds and to build bridges , " then-President George W. Bush said in awarding Cosby a Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002 . " ... By focusing on our common humanity , Bill Cosby is helping to create a truly united America . " Yet Cosby 's reputation has come crashing down in a few short weeks . Cosby resigns from Temple University board It began in late October , when comedian Hannibal Buress bluntly attacked what he perceived as Cosby 's "  smuggest old black man public persona " and called him a "  rapist . " Bowman said Tuesday that it "  felt like a slap in the face " that it took a comedian 's comments on stage "  for people to perk up their ears and think , ` Oh , maybe there is something to this , ' when it 's such a serious situation . " By that point , years had passed since Temple University staffer Andrea Constand had sued Cosby alleging she had been drugged and sexually violated in 2004 and that 13 other "  Janes Does " had similar stories . Bowman wrote in the Washington Post that she was one of those women , but she never got the chance to testify because the lawsuit was settled . Had she gotten the chance , Bowman would have recalled her life as an aspiring model and actress in her late teens back in the mid-1980s , back when Cosby starred in his eponymous No. 1 TV show as a doting , wisecracking dad . That was when , she claims , Cosby drugged and raped her , then told her , " ' I had better never , ever see your face or hear you name again . ' " After Buress ' remarks she decided to put herself out there . "  It was really , really scary . I really felt like I was out in the wilderness , all by myself , " Bowman told CNN . "  And one of the things that I kept saying over and over again was , ` If I could help one woman , just one , then I 've done my job ... But I had no idea how powerful it was really going to be for these women and other women who are still off the record . " ' I thought I was the only one ' Valentino said she had thought of coming forward before herself , but stopped because "  I could n't relive it , I could n't do it . " But "  it was a whole different ballgame " after Bowman took that first step , Valentino said . In the age of the Internet , she said , accusations could n't easily "  be swept away into the shadows any more . " Also on the CNN set Tuesday was Jewel Allison . "  For years , I thought that I was the only one , " said Allison , who claims Cosby sexually assaulted her in the late 1980s , when she was a model and aspiring actress . "  I kept this as a secret ... afraid no one is going to believe you , afraid society is going to victimize you . " Allison said that , because she 's African-American , she was especially reluctant to speak out , as Cosby has long been revered in that community . About a decade ago , Allison said , a friend alleged to her that Cosby had done something similar to her , but Allison urged her "  to keep quiet . " "  And I feel guilty , I feel horrible , " Allison said . "  You 're raised to , ` Shhh , do n't talk . ' " Now is different , though . Meeting face-to-face with Bowman and Valentino is part of her "  healing process , " she said . "  It was n't about him , it was about what was best for me , " added Allison . " ... When you tell the truth , it really does set you free . I never understood what that meant until now . "	Three of the at least 17 women who have accused Bill Cosby speak to CNN Barbara Bowman says she hoped to encourage others when she spoke out weeks ago Victoria Valentino says "  women did n't have a voice " in alleged rape cases Cosby 's camp has consistently , vehemently denied the claims against him
New York  CNN  -- By the time he turned 16 , Sam Rawls had already seen lifetimes worth of trouble . He was heavily into drug use , sometimes had a violent temper and committed burglary and eventually spent three months in a court-ordered detention and rehabilitation facility in Waco , Texas , said Denise Martin , Rawls ' mother . Rawls was released and returned home to San Antonio in November 1987 , spending the next several months trying to get his act together , Martin said . With his difficult past , that was very complicated . "  He was very confused and troubled and sad , and he was just a mess and just wanted to get better , " Martin said . On February 27 , 1988 , a Saturday , Rawls mowed the lawn and told his mother he was heading out to see some friends that night . According to reports , he took his bicycle . By morning , he was still not home . In the past , Rawls had fallen out of sight for a few days , but always called his mother and took some possessions with him , Martin said . Not this time . He has not been heard from in more than 22 years . Detectives revisit the case file at least once a year , according to Sgt. Chris Benavides , a spokesman for the San Antonio Police Department . The last lead came in 2006 and was " not actionable , " Benavides said . "  We are pretty much at a standstill . " Although some reports say he may have been last seen accompanying a girl home from a friend 's house , police said they have no record of this in their files . One part of the mystery that remains hard to explain : Rawls ' bike was found at home . Rawls and his friends seemed to have a teenage fascination with Satanism , Martin said . Whether he ran away or met foul play may never be revealed . "  He would never hurt someone who cared about him this much , " Martin said . "  He would never cause them this much pain . I mean , it 's every single day , " she said , adding that her son could find a way to contact her if he were able . Despite his problems , Rawls was also involved in society before he disappeared from it . He enjoyed acting and was very good at it , Martin said . He also drew a lot of sketches and wanted to be an artist , she said . He had friends , many of them girls , she said . At the time of his disappearance , Rawls was 6 feet , 2 inches and 150 pounds , with dark blond hair and blue eyes . His left collarbone protruded after he broke it sleepwalking , according to Martin . He was last seen wearing a black and white pullover jacket , Levis 501 jeans and white sports shoes . He had a silver ring with a turquoise stone in the shape of a marijuana leaf in the center and , from his mother , a watch with a moon design on the face and tan cowhide band . If you have information on this case , call The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children at 1-800-THE LOST , or the San Antonio Police Department at 210-207-7662 .	Teen had used drugs , spent time in detention center , his mom says But he "  wanted to get better " before disappearing in 1988 , she says San Antonio , Texas , police look at case once a year , but have no good leads
CNN  -- Bombers killed at least 31 people and wounded 56 more at a political rally in a stadium in eastern Baghdad on Friday , days ahead of parliamentary elections , two police officials said . The al Qaeda splinter group Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claimed responsibility , according to a post on a jihadist website . About 200 people attended the event , sponsored by a Shiite political group , officials told CNN . A car bomb first hit the gathering . It was followed by a suicide bomber wearing an explosives vest . Earlier , police had said two car bombs were used . Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months , often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . Violence has escalated over the past year . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with more than 8,800 people killed , most of them civilians . The army and police will cast their ballots Monday in the parliamentary elections . The general public will vote Wednesday . Some 277 political entities across Iraq will compete for 328 seats of the Iraqi Council of Representatives , the country 's parliament . There are 9,032 candidates .	NEW : Al Qaeda splinter group claims responsibility , post on jihadist website says A car bomb and a suicide attack struck a political rally , police say Iraq has been engulfed by violence , which has escalated over the past year Parliamentary elections are set for next week
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate engaged in a heated debate Thursday on an issue at the heart of the fight over energy reform : whether the Environmental Protection Agency should have the authority to impose clear limits on the emission of greenhouse gases . The chamber is expected to vote on a "  resolution of disapproval " drafted by Sen. Lisa Murkowski , R-Alaska , that would prevent the EPA from further regulation of air pollution from vehicles and industrial facilities . Murkowski has argued that new rules should be created only by Congress , not an executive agency . "  It would amount to an unprecedented power grab , ceding Congress ' responsibilities to unelected bureaucrats and move a very , very important debate , a critical debate , from our open halls to behind an agency 's closed doors , " Murkowski argued on the Senate floor . Murkowski 's measure is vehemently opposed by environmentalists who say the EPA 's decision to regulate greenhouse gases is based on scientific research . "  I believe it 's ridiculous for politicians -- elected senators -- to make this scientific decision . It is not our expertise , " replied Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , chairwoman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee . "  We 've got to stop this attack on science and health . " It is unclear whether there are 51 votes in the Senate to approve the measure , which has bipartisan support , even though its prospects in the House are slim . Regardless , the administration issued a veto threat on Tuesday . The Murkowski resolution "  would undermine the administration 's efforts to reduce the negative impacts of pollution and the risks associated with environmental catastrophes , like the ongoing BP oil spill , " a White House policy statement asserted . At issue is a 2007 Supreme Court ruling determining that the EPA has the authority to regulate greenhouse gases under the rules of the Clean Air Act . In December , the agency concluded scientific findings and declared that carbon dioxide and five other gases constitute pollutants that should be further restricted . In April , the agency announced new rules for vehicles : a mandatory increase in fuel efficiency coupled with reductions in gas emissions , starting with the 2012 model year . "  When the Clean Air Act became law in 1970 , only five pollutants were initially listed . Since then , dozens of additional pollutants have been listed , and the air we breathe is better for it , " argued Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Washington . Detractors of the EPA contend that the Clean Air Act was never intended to give federal agencies full control over greenhouse regulations but rather to check industrial and commercial structures . Such regulatory decisions , they argue , should be made by Congress . "  EPA regulation of greenhouse gases does not move us any closer to a clean energy future or to reducing our dependency on foreign oil . And furthermore , it simply is the wrong tool for addressing greenhouse gas emissions , " said Sen. Blanche Lincoln , D-Arkansas . Lincoln 's sentiment was echoed by fellow Democrats Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia and Mark Pryor of Arkansas . Though Murkowski said that she is not a skeptic of global warming and is "  not going after the science , " many of her supporters have turned the dispute into a proxy debate on the scientific evidence . "  There is nowhere a scientific consensus on one of the EPA 's findings that humans are causing warming or that warming is necessarily bad for the environment or for humankind , " claimed Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah . Opponents of the resolution claim that their colleagues are choosing to ignore the scientific consensus in favor of electoral politics . "  The Murkowski resolution gives the United States Senate a choice between real science and political science , " said Sen. Richard Durbin , D-Illinois . "  That 's what it comes down to . " "  This discussion about global warming is now political , not scientific . And this is absurd , " added Sen. Bernie Sanders , D-Vermont . EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson claimed in a Huffington Post column Monday that Murkowski has sided with "  big oil companies and their lobbyists " in an effort to "  take away EPA 's ability to protect the health and welfare of Americans from greenhouse gas pollution . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , has said he wants the Senate to approve new energy legislation this summer to address both global warming and the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Supporters of resolution claim EPA has exceeded proper authority NEW : Opponents argue that resolution puts politics ahead of real science Senate to vote Thursday on resolution removing EPA 's ability to regulate greenhouse gases Measure needs 51 votes to pass
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama cautioned supporters Thursday against becoming complacent during the final days leading up to the election , noting he lost the New Hampshire primary despite a lead in the polls . After debating Sen. John McCain , Sen. Barack Obama says there 's still plenty of campaigning to be done . "  For those of you who are feeling giddy or cocky and think this is all set , I just -LSB- have -RSB- two words for you : New Hampshire , " the Democratic presidential nominee said during a fundraiser breakfast in New York . "  You know I 've been in these positions before where we were favored and the press starts getting carried away and we end up getting spanked . And so that 's another good lesson that Hillary Clinton taught me . " About 10 hours after debating Sen. John McCain , Obama urged top campaign contributors at the Metropolitan Club in Manhattan to not be overconfident , despite leading in a number of national polls . A CNN Poll of Polls calculated Wednesday showed him leading 51 percent to 42 percent . "  We 've got 19 days , " Obama said . "  We 're going to have to work absolutely as hard as we 've ever worked in our lives in order to just to get to the start of what is going to be a very difficult and very challenging but ultimately a very fulfilling four years where we can get this country back on track . " Watch more of Obama 's comments " Hours later , Obama spoke to a crowd in Londonderry , New Hampshire , lashing out at McCain 's debate tactics . "  Well , New Hampshire , last night we had a debate . I think you saw a bit of the McCain attack strategy in action , " he said . "  But here 's what Sen. McCain does n't seem to understand : With the economy in turmoil and the American dream at risk , the American people do n't want to hear politicians attack each other -- you want to hear about how we 're going to attack the challenges facing middle-class families each and every day . " Obama urged McCain to "  debate our genuine differences on the issues that matter " rather than making the Arizona senator 's campaign "  all about me . " "  The truth is , this campaign is about you . It 's about your jobs . It 's about your health care . It 's about your retirement . It 's about your children 's future , " he added . Watch Obama discuss the economy " McCain , speaking at an event in Downington , Pennsylvania , on Thursday , touched on his debate performance . "  We had a good debate last night . It was a lot of fun . ... I thought I did pretty well , " he said to loud cheers . McCain reiterated his position for taking America forward as economists say a recession is all but inevitable . "  We ca n't spend the next four years waiting for our luck to change ... I 'll take us in a new direction , " he said . "  Our troubles are getting worse , our enemies watch and we have to fight , and that 's what I 'll do for you ... I 'm not afraid of the fight , I 'm ready for it . " McCain also urged voters there to help him win Pennsylvania -- a state where a CNN Poll of Polls shows Obama leading his counterpart 50 percent to 40 percent . "  I need your vote . We will carry Pennsylvania . ... We need your help . ... It 's a close race , my friends , " he said . McCain also responded to Obama 's assertions that his crowds are unruly and use dangerous language to describe the Illinois senator . "  I can not tell you about how proud I am of you , " he said . It was a line that he used in Wednesday night 's debate . iReport.com : Obama survived knock-out punch Obama and McCain are scheduled to speak Thursday night at the Alfred E. Smith dinner , a political tradition that dates back to 1945 . It honors the first Catholic ever nominated for president and was begun by Francis J. Spellman , the archbishop of New York 's Roman Catholic Archdiocese at the time . The Republican presidential nominee will also appear on the "  Late Show with David Letterman , " after canceling an earlier appearance , which left the host fuming . Also Thursday , McCain 's running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , sounded a note of triumph about Wednesday 's presidential debate while campaigning in Bangor , Maine . "  They -LSB- Obama and Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden -RSB- look to the past because they 'd rather run against the current administration , it sounds like , and that strategy though , thankfully , it 's really starting to wear very very thin , " Palin said . "  As John McCain reminded Barack Obama last night , if he wanted to run against George Bush , he had his chance four years ago . This year , the name on the ballot is John McCain -- and America knows that John McCain is his own man , he is the maverick . " Though Maine has trended Democratic for nearly two decades , the McCain campaign is making a push in the state 's rural 2nd Congressional District , which is allotted one electoral vote independent of how the state votes at large . Despite the McCain camp 's efforts , the Republican National Committee has stopped running advertisements in the state . Palin later traveled to Elon , North Carolina . At an afternoon rally at Elon University , near Greensboro , Palin pressed the audience to stand firm against accusations of negative campaigning , and told them to pay "  close attention " to Obama 's record . "  It 's not mean-spirited and it 's not negative campaigning when you call someone out on their record , " she said . "  So do n't let anyone , do n't let them make you believe that you 're being negative or mean-spirited or unpatriotic or unfair when you are asking about somebody 's record , OK ? " After the rally , Palin continued on to a fundraiser at a home in Greensboro . Biden is traveling to Los Angeles , California , taping appearances on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " and the "  Ellen Degeneres Show . " CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Palin in North Carolina : Pay "  close attention " to Obama 's record Obama to New Hampshire crowd : McCain has become "  all about me " McCain says "  I thought I did pretty well " in Wednesday 's debate Obama : I was ahead in New Hampshire , and we wound up "  getting spanked "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned a suicide bombing Monday at a military airfield , the latest incident in a spike in violence after the burning of Qurans by NATO troops last week . At least nine people were killed and 12 wounded in the early-morning explosion near the front gate of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force base at Jalalabad airport in eastern Afghanistan , according to Gen. Abdulla Hazim Stanikzai , the provincial police chief . There were no NATO casualties . The Taliban insurgency said the attack was in retaliation for the Quran burning and said it hoped the attacks will continue "  with the anger of the public . " Another attack of "  some significance " was reported later Monday in Naranghar province , near the Pakistani border , said Lt. Cmdr. James Williams , an ISAF spokesman . A statement from the Taliban said its fighters also attacked U.S. troops and border police in southern Naranghar on Monday evening , claiming to have inflicted a dozen deaths on the U.S. and Afghan force while losing five of their own . But Williams said that while some insurgent casualties had been reported , there were no deaths among allied troops . The Qurans that were burned were among religious materials seized from a detainee facility at Bagram Airfield last week . U.S. President Barack Obama apologized to Karzai last week , calling the burning an inadvertent error . In a statement issued on the bombing Monday , Karzai condemned the "  inhuman and un-Islamic " act and urged that "  the ruthless enemy would earn nothing but growing public hatred and punishment before Allah , the Almighty . " Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO and U.S. forces in Afghanistan , said insurgents tried to attack the ISAF installation and failed , instead taking more innocent lives . The Taliban also claimed Monday to be behind the poisoning of food at a dining facility at Forward Operating Base Torkham , near the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . It too was a retaliatory attack , the group said . ISAF confirmed that food at the base appeared to have been contaminated over the weekend , though it was unclear whether it was deliberate . "  Nobody got sick . A dining facility worker came to his leaders at the FOB and said that something had been poisoned , " said Maj. David Eastburn , an ISAF spokesman . "  The dining facility was shut down , and we brought in environmental health , who found traces of chlorine bleach in the coffee and fruit . Soldiers are now eating pre-prepared rations , and no one was affected . There is a full investigation that is narrowing down who was responsible . " Capt. John Kirby , a Pentagon spokesman in Kabul , said it 's not clear whether the incident was a deliberate attempt to poison troops or "  was just inadvertent , perhaps using more Clorox in the cleaning process than they should have . " The Taliban has frequently exaggerated its claims or claimed responsibility for attacks that later turned out to be the work of another group . Even so , Monday 's bombing and news of the contaminated food come on the heels of a week of violent protests over the Quran burning . The violence has left at least 39 people dead , including four American soldiers , and hundreds more wounded . In northern Kunduz province over the weekend , protesters attacked a police chief 's office and a U.S. military base , authorities said . Some threw hand grenades at the base , known as Combat Outpost Fortitude , with resulting blasts wounding seven U.S. personnel believed to be Special Forces members , they said . Demonstrations outside the United Nations office in Kunduz on Saturday left four civilians dead and prompted the U.N. mission there to say Monday that it is temporarily relocating its international staff . Two U.S. soldiers were gunned down last week at a base in eastern Afghanistan by a man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform . Allen pulled military advisers from Afghan ministries after Saturday 's shooting deaths of two other U.S. officers inside the heavily secure Ministry of Interior . Authorities are searching for the suspect , identified by Afghan police as a junior officer in the ministry 's intelligence department . The suspect had been fired by the Interior Ministry but rejoined the intelligence services as a driver a couple of months ago , a senior Afghan counterterrorism official said Monday . "  We do not know how he was allowed into the office , as the command and control center requires a password for access , " said the official , who is not authorized to speak to the media about the topic . "  There is something fishy there . " The official said he believed that the gunman used a silencer on his weapon , as no one heard the gunshots . He said he doubts that an angry exchange led to the shooting , because the "  way he entered was not accidental . " Kirby said it 's not clear whether the shooting was linked the the Quran burning . "  We do n't know what the motivation was behind the murders , and we do n't know all the facts surrounding how this individual got into this space and frankly was able to get out as quickly and apparently as easily as he did , " Kirby said Monday . Allen has told his commanders he will not authorize the return of personnel to Afghan ministries until new security measures are in place and working , according to an official who has access to the latest intelligence and is involved in administration discussions but declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the situation . The religious materials , including Qurans , were removed from a detainee center library at Bagram Airfield because they had "  extremist inscriptions " on them and there was "  an appearance that these documents were being used to facilitate extremist communications , " a military official said . The ensuing attacks have put pressure on already strained U.S.-Afghan relations at a time when the United States is working to reduce troop levels and transition security as part of its plan to withdraw by 2014 . Pentagon officials on Monday acknowledged the significance of the attacks but denied they are affecting the U.S. or NATO mission there . "  These events , they 're troubling . They 're worrisome . They 've gotten everybody 's attention , " Kirby said . "  Yes , tension is high here in Kabul right now , but across the country at large , the mission continues , and we 're seeing the protest activity decline . " The number of protests in Afghanistan has gone from 24 on Saturday to three on Monday , only two of which were because of the Quran burning , Kirby said . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	A suicide bomber targeted a NATO base , an official says At least 9 people are killed and 12 wounded in the explosion , the official says Another attack of "  some significance " reported near Pakistani border Food at a NATO base appears to have been contaminated , ISAF says
EW.com  -- "  Joyful Noise , " a squeaky-clean pop-gospel fairy tale featuring Dolly Parton and Queen Latifah in canned catfights , reflects the inspiration of "  Glee " and God , in that order . The "  Glee " side , at least in my book , does n't exactly amount to a recommendation , but it does mean that the movie 's musical numbers are catchy and rollicking and , in their bright sunshiny way , rather soulful . In the small town of Pacashau , Georgia , times are hard -- every other storefront is empty -- but the Divinity Church choir has lifted local spirits by rising to become a semifinalist in the National Joyful Noise Competition . Can these spunky vocalists go the distance ? Not until they learn to work together in harmony . Which means that Vi Rose Hill  Latifah  , the choir 's new director , has to stop feuding with G.G. Sparrow  Parton  , widow of the former choir leader , over the direction of the group 's music . Vi Rose , feisty and smart-mouthed , favors tradition , while G.G. , whose grandson Randy  Jeremy Jordan  is the new songbird on the block , is out to shake things up . Parton now looks like a "  Spitting Image " puppet  the film makes plastic-surgery jokes about her so that we do n't have to  , but she still has a way with lines like " I 'd call you stubborn , but that 'd be an insult to mules ! " "  Joyful Noise " also finds room for a teenager with Asperger 's syndrome  Dexter Darden  who loves one-hit-wonder songs  but can he learn to love himself ?  , as well as a romance between Randy and Vi Rose 's daughter Olivia  Keke Palmer  . These two are pretty -- and as bland as balsa wood . But each time the innocuousness starts to get to you , you 're woken up by Randy and Olivia 's swooning " Maybe I 'm Amazed " duet , or a kid-choir rendition of Billy Preston 's " That 's the Way God Planned It , " or the final " I Want to Take You Higher " blowout . These numbers create a deep river of feeling , even when stuck in the shallow banks of a movie like this one . B - See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Joyful Noise 's " musical numbers are catchy and rollicking and rather soulful The Divinity Church choir has lifted local spirits by becoming a semifinalist in a competition "  Joyful Noise " also finds room for a romance between Randy and Olivia
CNN  -- Zachary Reyna , a 12-year-old Florida boy stricken with a brain-eating parasite , has died , according to a post Saturday on a Facebook page that 's been providing detailed updates from the boy 's family . The post indicated that the LaBelle child died Saturday afternoon . "  The battle is over for Zac but he won the war , " the post concluded . About an hour later , a new message said that a ventilator was being used so that the boy 's organs could be donated , adding that family and friends can visit him at Miami Children 's Hospital during visiting hours Sunday . "  Even though Zac has passed , he will still be saving many lives , " this new post said . Doctors had given Zachary an experimental drug to treat the rare amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri , that he had . This same drug was used to treat 12-year-old Kali Hardig recently in Arkansas , after which she became only the third person in the last 50 years known to survive the deadly parasite . Zachary 's family told CNN affiliate WBBH they believe that the boy -- who they described as an active seventh-grader -- was infected while kneeboarding with friends in a water-filled ditch by his house on August 3 . After he was hospitalized , the boy underwent brain surgery , and doctors diagnosed him with primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , according to WBBH . After news emerged regarding Zachary 's diagnosis , the Florida Department of Health issued a warning to swimmers that high water temperatures and low water levels provide the perfect breeding ground for this rare amoeba . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were only 32 reported cases of people getting Naegleria fowleri in the United States , according to the CDC . Most of the cases have been in the Southeast . Girl battling brain-eating amoeba moves out of ICU Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm freshwater , most often in the Southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water , the CDC said . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC about Kali 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the agency website says . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Florida issues warning about rare , brain-eating amoeba	NEW : Zachary Reyna 's organs will be donated , Facebook page says The boy fell ill after playing in a water-filled ditch near his Florida home Doctors later determined he had a rare brain-eating amoeba They tried an experimental drug also used for an Arkansas girl , who survived
CNN  -- Top seed Andy Roddick will take on Canadian rising star Milos Raonic in the 50th ATP Tour final of his career in Memphis on Sunday . The American overcame 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro in Saturday 's second semi , winning 6-3 6-4 to give himself a chance of winning his third title in the U.S. city and his 30th overall . World No. 8 Roddick triumphed in an hour and 35 minutes against the Argentine , who played only three events last year due to his wrist problems . Former world No. 4 Del Potro made two second-round exits in Australia before reaching the semifinals in San Jose last weekend . The 20-year-old Raonic won that event for his breakthrough ATP title in just his seventh start on the circuit , and is now set to become the first player from his country to reach the top 40 in the men 's rankings . "  It 's amazing to be in two finals in a row . After you get the results , everything comes with it , like the rankings . But the thing I 'm most proud of is my level , " he told the ATP Tour website after beating American fourth seed Mardy Fish 6-4 4-6 6-3 in the opening semifinal . The final will be a clash of big servers , with the 6ft 5in Raonic taking his tournament-leading tally to 97 aces as he beat the conqueror of defending champion Sam Querrey . "  He 's got all the serves that anyone else that I 've ever seen does . I was n't familiar with his game at all ; I had n't seen him play live , " Fish said . "  From the waist down he has the strongest legs of anyone I 've seen . You can tell he still has some growing to do in his upper body , and it 's a scary thought to think he 's got ways to improve . " Roddick , playing in his first tournament since losing in the last 16 of the Australian Open in January , followed up Friday 's hard-fought 4-6 6-3 6-4 victory over fellow former world No. 1 Lleyton Hewitt in Memphis in which he needed seven match-points . Raonic 's sixth-seeded compatriot Rebecca Marino will seek her first WTA title against Slovakia 's Magdalena Rybarikova in the Memphis women 's final . In France , Marin Cilic saved a match-point before reaching the final of the ATP Marseille Open with a 6-2 1-6 7-5 win over Russian third seed Mikhail Youzhny on Saturday . The Croatian world No. 28 will play Swedish top seed Robin Soderling in Sunday 's final , having been 5-3 down on his own serve in the deciding set when he escaped defeat . World No. 4 Soderling beat Youzhny 's 129th-ranked compatriot Dmitry Tursunov 7-5 6-1 . Meanwhile , Caroline Wozniacki celebrated her return to the women 's world No. 1 ranking by reaching the final of the Dubai Tennis Championships with a 7-5 6-3 win over Serbian sixth seed Jelena Jankovic on Saturday . The 20-year-old Dane will play two-time grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova in Sunday 's final , after the Russian beat Italy 's world No. 18 Flavia Pennetta 6-4 6-4 in the day 's second match .	Andy Roddick beats former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro in semis Top-seeded American will play Canada 's Milos Raonic in his 50th final Raonic , 20 , reaches his second successive final , beating fourth seed Mardy Fish Women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki through to final in Dubai tournament
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton was confronted by immigration reform activists in Iowa over the weekend . The activists accused President Obama of breaking promises to immigrants and wanted to know what Clinton would do about the issue . She told them to "  elect more Democrats . " The former secretary of state and likely future presidential candidate was signing autographs and T-shirts and participating in selfies in Iowa on Sunday when a DREAMer tried to turn the conversation to immigration and deportations . Monica Reyes announced herself as a DREAMer , an undocumented immigrant brought to the U.S. by parents . Clinton , wearing black sunglasses , responded , "  Yay . " "  I was wondering what you feel about Obama 's delay on immigration , " Reyes asked Clinton in an in an exchange caught on video by immigration reform activists . While Clinton continued down the line of people behind metal barriers , she responded , "  I think we have to keep working -- ca n't stop ever working . " President Barack Obama recently announced that he was postponing his announcement to address broken immigration policy until after the elections . The decision infuriated immigration advocates , who were already disappointed in the record number of deportations during Obama 's tenure . Cesar Vargas , a member of the DRM Coalition standing next to Reyes , pointedly followed up . "  The President has broken his promise to the Latino community , and we wanted to know if you stand by the President 's delay on immigration , " he said . Clinton kept moving but said , "  You know , I think we have to elect more Democrats . " Hillary Clinton 's return to Iowa : a fresh start or deja vu ? This was the first time Clinton had been to Iowa as a politician since she lost the caucuses there in 2008 to then-Sen . Barack Obama . At Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin 's annual steak fry in Indianola on Monday , her speech , filled with foreshadowing innuendos , added to the speculation that Clinton is seriously plotting a second presidential run . Vargas and fellow DREAMers also confronted Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , a self-described socialist who is toying with a presidential run , in Iowa over the weekend . On Twitter , Vargas wrote that Sanders hit a "  home run " while Clinton struck out . But the activists ' attendance at the Clinton and Sanders events signals that the immigrant community and immigration advocates are going to put political pressure on candidates contemplating a presidential run . "  The message we want to make clear to them is they should not take our community for granted , " Cristina Jimenez , co-founder of United We Dream , told CNN . Latinos , who are not the only community affected by deportations but recently has been the largest , tend to vote for Democrats . They backed Obama overwhelmingly -- by more than 70 % -- in the 2008 and 2012 elections . "  We ask Republicans the question ` why do they want to deport us , ' and we 're going to do the same thing with Democrats , " Jimenez told CNN . "  Both parties have really failed our community . " DREAMers interrupted one of Sen. Marco Rubio 's events in South Carolina , also a key presidential nominating state , last month . And earlier in August , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul abruptly left a lunch table in Iowa when Vargas and fellow DREAMers confronted colleague and immigration hard-liner Rep. Steve King .	Hillary Clinton was confronted by DREAMers in Iowa about Obama 's immigration delay They were n't happy with her response The DREAMers promised to keep the pressure on Democrats and Republicans
Venice , California  CNN  Actor Harrison Ford was "  banged up " and hospitalized Thursday afternoon after a 1940s aircraft he was piloting crashed during a forced landing on a golf course , his publicist said . "  Harrison was flying a WW2 vintage plane today which had engine trouble upon takeoff , " Ina Treciokas said . "  He had no other choice but to make an emergency landing , which he did safely . He was banged up and is in the hospital receiving medical care . The injuries sustained are not life threatening , and he is expected to make a full recovery . " His son was with him at the hospital . "  Dad is ok . Battered , but ok ! He is every bit the man you would think he is . He is an incredibly strong man , " Ben Ford tweeted . Los Angeles Fire Department Assistant Chief Patrick Butler , who would n't identify Ford as the patient , said the pilot suffered moderate trauma and was "  alert and conscious " when he was taken to the hospital . He said the pilot , the only person on board , was in fair to moderate condition . The 72-year-old actor was in a two-seat , single-engine 1942 military trainer that went down on Penmar Golf Course near Santa Monica Airport . Patrick Jones , an investigator with National Transportation Safety Board , told reporters that the plane 's engine failed . A man who lives near where the plane came down told CNN he heard the plane in trouble . "  I heard it having problems and then he turned around , " Jens Lucking said . "  When he was right by the house , the engine cut out and then he turned around . " The plane clipped a tree top as it glided back toward the airport , officials said . It landed on its belly with the landing gear collapsed underneath and the left wing touching the ground . There is a mark in the ground behind the plane where the aircraft sliced into the grass . Ford had just taken off when the plane experienced some kind of problem . He was trying to return to the airport , Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said . Tom Haines with the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association said he had flown with Ford in the past . "  He 's a very skilled pilot . He 's very safety-conscious and goes to training routinely for all of his aircraft , " Haines said . Santa Monica Airport is a small facility with one runway , originally built in 1919 . But now it is basically in the back yard of a very dense beach community . There have been many complaints about the air traffic and golfers and neighbors say aircraft fly too close to homes . The National Transportation Safety Board and the FAA said the plane was a Ryan Aeronautical ST3KR . According to FAA registry , the plane is owned by MG Aviation Inc. . The plane was not equipped with a flight data recorder , Jones of the NTSB said . It is not the first aviation-related incident for the star of the "  Star Wars " and the Indiana Jones film franchises . In 1999 , Ford had to make an hard emergency landing in a California riverbed while flying in a helicopter with a flight instructor . MG Aviation also was the owner of that aircraft , according to a Los Angeles Times report . He missed time during the filming of "  Star Wars : Episode VII " last year in Buckinghamshire , England , when he broke one of his legs on the set . CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Santa Monica and Steve Almasy reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves and Sam Stringer contributed to this report .	Man who lives near crash site says he heard plane 's engine cut off Publicist says Ford was forced to land , will make full recovery Fellow pilot says Harrison Ford is very skilled , safety-conscious
CNN  -- After months of talking about each other and their policies , the world finally gets to see Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney go toe-to-toe on the same stage in three televised debates ahead of the U.S. election . Unlike other countries , such as the United Kingdom , where the prime minister must defend his policies under televised duress from the opposition nearly every week , face-to-face showdowns between the two men fighting for the White House only happen every four years . And while debates rarely swing the outcome of an election , a gaffe -- or a silver-tongued swipe at the opposition -- under the bright lights can alter the perception of the two contenders , for better or worse . What 's the history of U.S. presidential debates ? Presidential debates are a relatively recent phenomenon . The first televised debate was between Republican Richard Nixon and Democrat John F. Kennedy , on black-and-white TV in 1960 . More : Presidential debates by the numbers Many people listening on the radio to that first of four Nixon-Kennedy debates thought Nixon had won - but on live TV , a tan and youthful-looking Kennedy trounced a sweaty , haggard Nixon  who 'd recently suffered a staph infection  in the appearance department . While Nixon improved in later debates , Kennedy went on to win the election . There were no debates again until Jimmy Carter took on Gerald Ford in 1976 . Since then , the Republican and Democratic hopefuls have matched wits in a series of  usually three  debates every election year - and twice , in 1980 and 1992 , an independent candidate has joined the duo onstage . In 1980 , President Jimmy Carter refused to take part in the first debate with Ronald Reagan because John Anderson , an independent candidate , had been invited to take part . Carter 's boycott led to a dramatic decline in the anticipated viewership for that debate . The second was cancelled , and Anderson was wiped off the program for the third round several weeks later . What are the debates about ? In recent election cycles , the three debates have consisted of a domestic policy debate , a foreign policy debate , and a general debate in a town hall format , where members of the audience also offer up questions . Vice presidential candidates also face off in a single debate in the run-up to the election . Generally speaking , candidates are asked questions by a moderator , who in recent years has come from one of America 's major broadcast news networks . Candidates then have a set period of time for responses and rebuttals . More : 10 debate moments that mattered A coin-flip determines the order of answers at debates . Tonight Obama will answer first , but Romney will have the final word . The dates and sites for the debates , which typically take place at universities across America , are chosen from a list of applicants by the non-partisan Commission on Presidential Debates . Do debates even matter to the public ? While the debates offer Romney and Obama a chance to expand on their views and rebut each other 's plans directly , experts say that the vast majority of Americans have already decided who they 're voting for along party lines . But although debates are n't typically seen as deciding an election 's outcome , there have been a few exceptions over time . Kennedy 's telegenic dominance of Nixon during the first televised debate helped swing momentum in the Democrat 's direction in 1960 . In a 1980 debate , facing a barrage of assertions and accusations from incumbent Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan coolly replied with a smile : "  There you go again . " His famous retort momentarily took the wind out of Carter 's sails . After entering debate season behind in opinion polls , eventual winner Reagan left the podium with the advantage over Carter . More : Get latest updates at CNN 's Election Center Sometimes it 's not the debate that hurts a candidate - it 's the post-game review . In 2000 , cameras caught a visibly annoyed Al Gore sighing and shaking his head when George W. Bush spoke . The clip was played over and over again and lampooned on television , to the point that "  people began to project onto Gore a personality trait of just annoyance and irritation of people in general , " according to historian Doris Kearns Goodwin . A clear favorite before the debates , Gore lost his lead during the debate season . He eventually lost the controversial election after the Supreme Court ruled in Bush 's favor . Are Romney and Obama any good at debating ? As mentioned above , American politics do n't involve many head-to-head debates between Republicans and Democrats , but both candidates are seen as more than competent debaters . Obama handled Republican John McCain in all three contests four years ago , says debate coach Todd Graham , staying on track in his arguments , showing poise , and refusing to take attacks on his policies personally . Obama 's quick wit may have backfired on him during a 2008 Democratic primary debate . He responded to Hillary Clinton saying he was likeable with , "  You 're likeable enough , Hillary . " The audience laughed , but many viewers saw the remark as a mean-spirited swipe . More : Coach says Obama , Romney are top debaters Graham says despite Obama 's reputation as a great orator , his debate performances have not lived up to the standards of his speeches - and that at times the president can be awkward and long-winded in his debate answers . Romney is currently the better-practiced of the two , having emerged victorious from a Republican primary season that featured nearly 20 debates . Graham says Romney is consistently solid , has great opening lines to questions , and has a firm grasp of the issues . More : Inside debate prep with Mitt 's sparring partner Romney 's biggest weakness , according to some experts , is that he often comes across as fake . Graham says Romney 's broad smile and "  thank yous " following heated answers make it seems like "  he 's practicing his speeches , " not debating his opponent . Are debates about great politics or great theater ? Long stretches of presidential debates involve dry policy speeches , but it 's usually a single gaffe or clever one-liner that comes to define a debate in the annals of national memory . Reagan was already the oldest president in history in 1984 , and when asked during a debate about whether age would be an issue for him , the 73-year-old famously replied : "  I will not make age an issue of this campaign . I am not going to exploit , for political purposes , my opponent 's youth and inexperience . " Even Democratic challenger Walter Mondale , then age 56 , had to laugh . More : Doris Kearns Goodwin 's top debate moments Sometimes body language matters more than words in a debate . In 1992 , President George H. W. Bush took a glance at his watch while an audience member was asking a question - a move that made Bush , whose re-election hopes were rapidly slipping away , seem uninterested in the concerns of the public . John McCain sparked controversy when he referred to Obama as "  that one " during the second 2008 presidential debate . At a dinner attended by both senators several days later , Obama joked that his first name was Swahili for "  that one , " according to the New York Times . Vice presidents and their counterparts have delivered just as many memorable lines as their bosses have over the years . Lloyd Bentsen 's sharp "  Senator , you 're no Jack Kennedy " reprimand of Republican vice presidential candidate Dan Quayle in 1988 remains one of the all-time greats -- along with Perot running mate James Stockdale 's "  Who am I ? Why am I here ? " debate opener in 1992 , which drew guffaws from the audience . A bad enough gaffe can help derail your campaign long before the first primary votes are cast , as Republican Rick Perry showed in late 2011 . At a primary debate in Michigan , Perry became the first candidate in history to say "  oops " during a debate after forgetting the name of the third government agency he 'd pledged to cut . When pressed for an answer , Perry said : "  The third agency of government I would do away with , the Education ... uhh the Commerce , and , let 's see . I ca n't . The third one , I ca n't . Sorry . Oops . " After the debate , Perry owned up to the gaffe as only a Texas governor could : "  I 'm sure glad I had my boots on because I sure stepped in it out there . "	Obama , Romney to debate domestic and foreign policy over three debates Telegenic John F. Kennedy outshined Richard Nixon in first debate in 1960 Romney emerged victorius from primary season that included nearly 20 debates Then-candidate Obama easily handled Republican John McCain in 2008 debates
Washington  CNN  -- Former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords is urging Arizona voters to supporter her successor , Rep. Ron Barber , who is locked in a tough race for re-election , with a personal video appeal . Giffords , who has been recovering since being seriously wounded in a 2011 shooting , speaks clearly into the camera as she says , "  We expect our leaders to fight for us , not the special interests . Ron Barber is independent , he 's courageous , and most of all he 's Arizona through and through . " This ad from the political action committee founded by Giffords -- Americans for Responsible Solutions -- follows some controversy about a previous ad from the same group attacking Barber 's opponent , Republican Martha McSally . 5 House races to watch in 2014 Barber is a former congressional aide to Giffords . They were both wounded in that same attack as she was greeting constituents . He won a special election to replace her after she resigned her seat in 2012 and then he was re-elected to a full term in 2012 . The campaign for Arizona 's 2nd Congressional District this year again pits Barber against McSally , a retired Air Force colonel . He barely beat her two years ago , and the 2014 race is rated a tossup by the nonpartisan Rothenberg and Cook political reports . This is the fourth ad in this contest from Americans for Responsible Solutions , which Giffords and her husband Mark Kelly formed to help push for stronger gun-control legislation , including more stringent background checks for purchases . Several of the group 's previous spots went after McSally for not supporting closing a gap that allowed stalkers with misdemeanor convictions to buy guns but barring those convicted of felonies from such purposes . One of those spots became controversial for featuring a mother whose 19-year-old daughter was stalked and shot to death by her ex-boyfriend . In the wake of the ad , her campaign later said McSally would support new legislation preventing those convicted of a misdemeanor stalking crime from buying a gun and revealed she had been a victim of stalking earlier . Guns killing women : Time for Congress to act The ad and the topic of how to deal with gun violence were featured in a debate between McSally and Barber on Tuesday . McSally said she was a proud supporter of the National Rifle Association , adding she wanted to make sure gun violence was minimized and "  is obviously addressed in our communities . " Then she added : "  We have different ways of talking about that . But the way that this has happened in this campaign has just been disgraceful . There were ads that were run by your allies that were considered vile and nasty by the Arizona Republic  newspaper  . " McSally pushed Barber over the stalking ad . He responded , "  The ad was not run by me , and I 'm not going to talk about an ad that I did n't sponsor . But when you talk about allies , the ad was run by someone who is highly regarded in this community and across the country for her work to prevent gun violence and that 's Gabby Giffords . But that aside , what my opponent has said is that she now accepts the notion that we should have misdemeanor stalkers prohibited from having a gun . The problem with her position is that she still refuses to say we should expand background checks . " Americans for Responsible Solutions says the cost of its new ad is "  a strong six-figure buy " and will air for two weeks on broadcast , cable , and online . The controversial stalking ad is not the only creating some controversy in this election . The National Republican Congressional Committee this week started airing a spot attacking Barber by featuring some of Giffords ' past positions , such as voting against former House Speaker and current Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , as it tries to show Giffords was more independent than Barber is . Giffords released a statement saying : "  No organization or person -- no matter which party they say they represent -- should think they can come to Southern Arizona and pretend to speak for me ... I work hard to speak , but 's my voice . So take it from me : Ron is an independent leader in Congress , and no one will fight harder for our community . " Gabrielle Giffords Fast Facts	Gabby Giffords continues to recover from a 2011 shooting She 's recorded a video ad for her successor , Ron Barber Barber is in a tough re-election campaing , opposed by Republican Martha McSally
Quantico , Virginia  CNN  -- There are n't many people who would voluntarily be pepper-sprayed , but at Marine Corps Base Quantico in Virginia young Marines are doing just that . It 's part of their training to protect U.S. embassies around the world . After they get a face full of pepper spray , the Marines must immediately complete a course that includes various defensive obstacles . "  We need to have an understanding of what it does , " 21-year-old Cpl. Haley Whisenant explained to CNN about 20 minutes after having been sprayed directly in her eyes . "  If we were to spray someone and we are contaminated with it as well , we need to know how to contain ourselves , " she said . The embassy guard training also includes one-on-one defensive tactics and weapons familiarization . CNN got exclusive access inside the Marine Security Guard training program at Quantico , where Marines are training as the service tries to almost double the number of its members posted at embassies and consulates worldwide . The 2013 Defense Authorization Act , which President Barack Obama signed in January , approves the addition of 1,000 Marines to the current force of 1,200 . Plans to increase the size of the force were under way at the time of the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , resulting in the death of Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . Marine security guards were not assigned to the post in Benghazi when it was attacked , and it is unclear whether Marine guards could have helped or even prevented the attack . Marine security guards are currently posted at embassies and consulates in 137 countries , with a total of 152 compounds being protected . The Corps works directly with the State Department to determine locations Marines will guard . State Department officials recently announced Marine Corps guard protection for approximately 50 additional embassies . "  We also will create a quick-response unit that will be able to augment embassy security in case there are indications ... in a particular country ... and that ambassador wants reinforcement with more Marines , " Col. Michael Robinson , commanding officer of the Marine Corps Embassy Security Group , told CNN 's Barbara Starr . The Security Augmentation Unit will consist of approximately 100 guards that can be dispatched on a moment 's notice . They will be on a "  quick tether , " according to Robinson . "  So instead of requesting through the normal military channels ... they would come directly to us , and we would be able to provide this security augmentation unit to help reinforce that particular embassy or consulate , " he said . Marine security guards do not stand guard outside of their assigned embassy . Instead , local guards provided from the host country are designated to protect the e  s  . "  We 're responsible for mainly internal security within a compound , " Robinson said . Although most of these enlisted trainees are young -- typically 20 or 21 years old -- security guard is not an entry-level position . It is considered a "  special duty " assignment , meaning applicants must first work in their trained specialty -- like infantry or mechanic work -- before becoming a security guard . He or she must be single . Additionally , Marine security guidelines state that guards must have maturity , judgment , moral character and financial stability . An applicant with a lot of debt will not be accepted into the program . In addition , the Marine must have top secret security clearance and submit to a polygraph . Once they graduate , these Marines must do three years of embassy security duty . On a recent sunny spring afternoon , Robinson watched over a group of Marines in training . "  How you doing ? Not too bad , right ? Did n't kill you , right ?! " he asked a corporal who 'd just been pepper-sprayed moments earlier . "  No sir , still alive , sir , " the young Marine responded . "  You ready to go out to post ? Where do you want to go -- which post ? " Robinson asked . "  It does n't matter sir , as long as I get to serve . " he replied . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Defense Authorization Act includes expansion of embassy security forces The number of Marines guarding U.S. embassies will nearly double A quick-response unit also will allow for reinforcements when needed Trainees undergo rigorous training and must attain high security clearance
CNN  -- The announced pregnancy of Jamie Lynn Spears -- the 16-year-old children 's television star and younger sister of beleaguered pop star Britney Spears -- is casting new light on how states deal with the thorny issue of consensual sex among teens . Jamie Lynn Spears , shown in September , stars in the popular Nickelodeon series "  Zoey 101 . " Spears , the star of Nickelodeon 's "  Zoey 101 , " told OK! Magazine that she 's pregnant and that the father is her 18-year-old boyfriend . There has been no public talk of criminal prosecution in the case . Consensual sex between the two may well have been legal , depending on where and when it took place . But critics of the nation 's statutory rape laws say that laws that are ignored in some cases can be used to put other teens in prison and land them on sex-offender registries . Watch CNN 's Sunny Hostin on what the law says " "  You have a disturbing disparity in how these laws are enforced , " said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University . "  I have no problem at all with nailing adults who sleep with children , but I have a problem with the prosecution of teenagers in consensual relationships . "  What this case should focus the nation on is having a more evenhanded approach to these cases . " Watch a psychologist talk about how Spears ' pregnancy could lead to parents talking to their kids about sex " In Louisiana , where Spears lives , it is a misdemeanor for someone age 17 to 19 to have consensual sex with someone age 15 to 17 if the difference between their ages is more than two years . In California , where she sometimes tapes her television show , it 's a misdemeanor to have sex with someone younger than 18 if the offender is less than three years older . Someone more than three years older could be charged with a felony . According to OK! Magazine , which first reported the news Tuesday , Spears said the father of her baby is longtime boyfriend Casey Aldridge . Turley said most states have similar laws but rely on prosecutors to be selective in enforcing them . But that 's a recipe for legal problems , he said . The issue drew international attention when a Georgia teen was sentenced to 10 years in prison for having consensual oral sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17 . In 2005 , Genarlow Wilson was tried for the rape of a 17-year-old girl at a hotel-room party . While he was found not guilty of that charge , he was convicted of aggravated child molestation for the act with the 15-year-old -- even though he was less than two years older . Georgia law , which has since been changed , required a mandatory 10-year sentence on the charge of aggravated child molestation and required Wilson to register as a sex offender when he was released . Under the revised Georgia law , the act now would be a misdemeanor . Now 21 , Wilson was released from prison in October -- after serving more than two years -- when the state Supreme Court ruled his sentence was "  grossly disproportionate to his crime . " "  The current laws leave too much to prosecutorial discretion , " Turley said . "  We saw in the Wilson case how prosecutorial discretion can lead to grotesque results . " He said statutory rape prosecutions of teens are more common in Southern states and small towns than they are elsewhere in the country or in big cities . B.J. Bernstein , Wilson 's attorney , argued throughout his case that Wilson was imprisoned for an act that , while perhaps morally questionable , probably is going on among teens everywhere . "  If you prosecuted , even with misdemeanors , all those cases , you 'd clog up the justice system with kids having sex , " she said . "  It 's a social issue -- and it may be something that parents do n't want to happen or wish would n't happen at that age -- but it should n't be a crime . " Spears , who turned 16 on April 4 and says she is 12 weeks into her pregnancy , told the magazine she plans to raise her child in Louisiana , "  so it can have a normal family life . " Nickelodeon released a statement saying the network respects Spears ' decision "  to take responsibility in this sensitive and personal situation . " E-mail to a friend	Experts say there is a disparity in how statutory rape laws are applied Jamie Lynn Spears is 16 , and her boyfriend -- the father of her child -- is 18 There has been no talk of criminal prosecution involving the couple Experts : Attorneys choose when to prosecute , leading to unfairness
The mayor of the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv underwent emergency surgery after being shot in the back , city officials and police said Monday , amid continuing unrest in the region . The attack on Mayor Gennady Kernes happened around noon local time , the Kharkiv city office official website said . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for the shooting . After a two-hour operation , Kernes was out of surgery but in critical condition , the city office said . "  The surgery was successful . His life-threatening condition is expected to go on for several days , " a statement said . "  He was unconscious when brought to the hospital . " The online statement also said a bullet casing was found at the scene . Police said an investigation unit was trying to determine the circumstances of the shooting . In a major challenge to Kiev 's new leaders , armed rebels have captured towns and government buildings across eastern Ukraine and are holding a team of European monitors hostage . Western nations accuse Moscow of supporting the separatist gunmen who are occupying official buildings in cities across the region . Sanctions The United States on Monday imposed sanctions against seven Russian government officials and 17 companies linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin in its latest action to punish Moscow for its actions in Ukraine . The White House said the seven Russians , including two from Putin 's inner circle , are now subject to a freeze on any assets they hold in the United States and a ban on U.S. travel . In addition , the United States will deny export license applications for any high-technology items that could contribute to Russian military capabilities . The Commerce and State departments will revoke any existing export licenses that meet these conditions , the White House said in a statement . "  The sanctions build on the ones that were already in place . We 're moving forward with an expanded list of individuals , " U.S. President Barack Obama earlier told reporters in Manila , Philippines . The move , Obama said , was to spur Putin to "  walk the walk , not just talk the talk " in resolving the crisis in Ukraine . If the latest round of sanctions does not work , the next phase could target economic sectors like banking , Obama said . The European Union also announced Monday that it was imposing sanctions on 15 people who are "  responsible for actions which undermine or threaten the territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence of Ukraine . " A list of the people targeted by the latest sanctions will be published Tuesday and will go into effect at the same time , the Council of the European Union said . The sanctions will include asset freezes and travel bans . U.S. and Russian defense secretaries speak U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel spoke on the phone with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu on Monday . According to a Pentagon description of their conversation , Shoigu "  reiterated his assurance that Russian forces would not invade Ukraine . " Hagel , the Pengaton said , called for an end to what he described as "  Russia 's destabilizing influence inside Ukraine " and "  warned that continued aggression would further isolate Russia and result in more diplomatic and economic pressure . " The Russian government 's description of the call said Shoigu "  definitively denied the groundless allegations of the presence of Russian sabotage and military intelligence groups on Ukrainian territory " and criticized what he called "  anti-Russian hysteria recently unleashed in the Western press . " He also criticized what he said was an "  unprecedented " increase in activity of U.S. and NATO troops in Eastern Europe near the Russian border , according to the Russian government 's description of the call . Ukrainian soldier killed A homemade bomb exploded near Ukrainian soldiers who were in the eastern Donetsk region Monday , killing one and injuring another , Ukraine 's Defense Ministry said . The death came days after Ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-Russian militants in an operation to clear roadblocks near the city of Slavyansk last week . Police are investigating Monday 's blast , the Defense Ministry said . A CNN team covering a pro-Ukraine rally in Donetsk watched violence unfold Monday as pro-Russian separatists wielding batons beat demonstrators who said they wanted to see a united Ukraine . Observer freed Pro-Russian separatists holding a European military observer team in eastern Ukraine released one of the observers for medical reasons Sunday , shortly after parading them before cameras . At least seven of the inspectors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe appeared at a news conference staged by Vyacheslav Ponomarev , the self-declared mayor of Slavyansk , who referred to them as "  prisoners of war . " The freed observer was from Sweden and had been suffering from diabetes , Ponomarev spokeswoman Stella Khorosheva told CNN . Michael Bociurkiw , an OSCE spokesman in Kiev , called it "  a welcome development . " The monitors were seized Friday outside Slavyansk , one of the flashpoints in the standoff between Ukraine 's interim government and pro-Russian factions challenging its authority in the east . They said that although they have diplomatic status , they went along with Sunday 's news conference because the mayor asked them to . Germany strongly criticized the group 's appearance before the media . The "  parading of OSCE observers and Ukrainian security forces as prisoners is abhorrent and a flagrant violation of their human dignity , " Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said in a statement . He added that Russia had a duty to "  influence " the separatists so that the other members of the mission could be freed as soon as possible . Putin has repeatedly criticized what he says is Kiev 's use of force against Ukrainian civilians .	The European Union announces it 's imposing sanctions on 15 people Defense ministers from the United States and Russia discuss Ukraine U.S. imposes sanctions against 7 Russians , 17 companies linked to Putin The mayor of Kharkiv is in critical condition after emergency surgery
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Gunmen opened fire on peaceful protesters in Thailand Friday night , killing one and wounding three , national security chief Paradon Patthanathabut said . Police do not know who the gunmen are . Protesters had gathered in the government district of Bangkok this week to demand the ouster of the country 's prime minister and threatened to shut the city down for a month in January . Thailand 's army chief has called an urgent meeting of his senior staff for Friday to discuss the protests . The crowd gathered at the Democracy Monument and near the Government House , but had withdrawn from other sites where they had protested a day before , including the Thai-Japanese Sports Complex Stadium . In protests near that complex , one police officer died and scores of people were injured , according to police . U.S. Embassy warning The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok issued an emergency notice urging caution near the site of protests . "  Even demonstrations that are meant to be peaceful can turn confrontational and escalate into violence . You should avoid areas of demonstrations , and exercise caution if in the vicinity of any large gatherings , protests , or demonstrations . Be alert and aware of your surroundings and pay attention to local news media reports , " the embassy said . The unrest came as demonstrators hoped to force Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office . In a bid to cool tensions , the prime minister dissolved the nation 's parliament this month and called for new elections , to be held February 2 . But the move has done little to appease protesters , who remained on the streets . Thursday 's protests , in which nearly 2,000 anti-government demonstrators gathered at locations across the capital , turned violent . Police reported 129 people were injured , including the 25 police officers . A police spokesman had previously reported 35 officers had been injured , but some of the injured had been counted twice . Call to postpone elections The national Election Commission urged the government to postpone elections . "  The current violence that just took place , it is something that we have already signaled to those who are responsible that it could happen , " the commission said . "  We urge the government to postpone the election until a joint agreement from both sides is reached . " But Deputy Prime Minister Pongthep Thepkarnchana said a delay was n't possible . "  The election can not be postponed as it is against the constitution . The reform process can be done simultaneously with coming elections , " he said . Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck Shinawatra . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where every election since 2001 has been won by parties affiliated with Thaksin Shinawatra , a billionaire who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland . Thaksin Shinawatra was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The current protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck Shinawatra 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse her of being nothing more than her brother 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Unidentified gunmen fired upon demonstrators Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has called for February 2 elections The national Election Commission had called for a delay , citing the violence
The vast blue sky stretched above Clara Bohitile 's pick-up truck as it trundled down a dirt road deep in the Kalahari bushveld . Stopping in a whirl of red dust , one of her workers jumped off the back to open the wire gate to her ranch . It was a typical African rural scene , but with a difference : traditionally the driver would have been a white Afrikaans male farmer , but Bohitile is a black woman . Originally from a township in the capital Windhoek she now runs her own cattle farm , known locally as a "  kraal " . Bohitile represents the changing face of Namibia . Under both German colonial and South African apartheid-era rule , political power , wealth and the ownership of productive land were deliberately dominated by whites . But since the country 's independence in 1990 there have been concerted efforts to change the legacy of discrimination . "  The percentage of black farmers is still very small in comparison to white farmers , " said Bohitile . "  But , indeed , we are entering that market , as black farmers we go through a lot of training , we do practicals on farms and we just get wiser and wiser and we try to do the right thing . " Land reform in Namibia is one of the county 's most emotive issues and changing the old patterns of ownership is not easy . Bohitile is making a success of her venture , but she is former Deputy Minister of Education and a prominent businesswoman today , which gave her access to capital and a head start . iReport : send in your views on the country Next to Bohitile 's ranch is a former white-owned farm on which eight resettled black families are struggling to make a living . Some assistance came last month when a white Namibian mentor , sponsored by German money and directed by the government-owned Agricultural Bank of Namibia arrived to advise one of the new owners , Naftali Katjiuongua . "  We are making money , " said Katjiuongua . "  But its not enough to help us . Things are very expensive . We need more help from the government . " Problems remain but Namibia has come a long way from when I first visited the country as a teenager in 1976 . I will never forget the long rows of dusty , mostly dilapidated cars parked in the port of Walvis Bay . They had been left behind by white Portuguese settlers fleeing the revolution and civil war in neighboring Angola . Read more : moving on from a difficult past In South Africa , the flames of the Soweto uprisings were filling the air , while the war against white rule raged on the Namibia borders . The future for many in southern Africa seemed hopeless then . There seemed to be no way out of the conflict between white and black over who should rule the land and own the wealth . I could never have imagined that over 35 years later Namibia would be such a peaceful country , although serious issues remain : unemployment is estimated to be over 50 % and over 70 % among youth , the gap between rich and poor is too high , and skills development is low . Test your knowledge of Namibia Yet black Namibians have made huge strides . The CEO of the country 's largest diamond mining company , Namdeb , is Inge Zaamwani-Kamwi , a black woman who is leading a new struggle in the country . "  The war for talent is an ongoing challenge , " she says . "  We do n't believe we can ever say we have trained enough . When there is progress and you are moving forward you will need to keep up with skills development . " Bohitile and Zaamwani-Kamwi are two women who encapsulate the new Namibia , and the possibilities open to them today were virtually unimaginable in the past . Namibia 's success is that black advancement has not meant white diminishment . German and Afrikaans culture is still strong . There remains a strong sense of shared identity among Namibians of all races , and a common belief that their future can be better . Hamilton Wende is a freelance writer and television producer . He has written six books and is a producer for CNN 's Eye on Namibia coverage .	Namibia is slowly moving on from its history of discrimination Land ownership remains emotive issue Efforts being made to encourage more black farmers and gender equality Possibilities today were unimaginable in the past , says Wende
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic once again faces two genocide charges instead of one in his long-running trial over ethnic violence during the 1990s Balkan wars . Appellate judges at a U.N. war crimes tribunal in the Netherlands on Thursday reinstated the second genocide charge , ruling that the tribunal improperly dismissed the count in June 2012 . Karadzic , whose trial began in 2010 , also faces nine other charges related to ethnic violence during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . The reinstated charge accuses Karadzic of trying to permanently remove Bosnian Muslims and Croats from parts of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992 . The charge was thrown out last year after the prosecution rested its case , with the tribunal ruling that there was n't enough evidence for a genocide conviction on that particular allegation . But the appellate judges Thursday ruled that the evidence of serious abuse against Bosnian Muslims and Croats -- including detaining them in overcrowded , squalid conditions where they were starved and left vulnerable to disease -- could be shown to be genocidal acts . The judges cited allegations that Karadzic and officials loyal to him decided on a plan to rid Bosnia of Muslims , in part by killing a third of them and converting another third to Orthodox Christianity . Thursday 's decision came exactly 18 years after the notorious 1995 Srebrencia massacre , for which Karadzic faces the other genocide charge . Nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys were killed in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica in July 1995 . Srebrenica became an emblem for the dissolution of Yugoslavia -- once a multiethnic state of Serbs , Croats , Muslims and others -- into six countries during a bloody and brutal conflict . On Thursday , more than 400 victims of the massacre were to be reburied at a memorial center in Potocari in Bosnia and Herzegovina , adding to the more than 5,000 victims already buried there , the country 's state-run news agency FENA reported . Victims of the massacre have been buried at the site periodically as officials locate and identify more victims in mass graves . "  Sadness and pain , I have no words . It is so hard , " said Fadila Efendic , who was set to bury her son Fejzo at the site Thursday , according to FENA . "  This is beyond any human comprehension what they did to us and what we are experiencing . " The 1992-95 Bosnian conflict was the longest of the wars spawned by the breakup of Yugoslavia . Karadzic was removed from power in 1995 , when the Dayton Accord that ended the Bosnian war barred anyone accused of war crimes from holding office . Karadzic was captured in 2008 after more than 13 years of hiding in plain sight in Belgrade . He had adopted an elaborate disguise that included long hair and a full beard , and was practicing alternative medicine in the Serbian capital . His former military commander , Ratko Mladic , was captured in 2011 and is also on trial for charges including genocide . Both men would face life in prison if convicted . The court can not impose the death penalty . Yugoslavian President Slobodan Milosevic also faced charges connected with the Balkan wars , but he died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague .	The reinstated count accuses Radovan Karadzic of trying to remove Muslims from Bosnia He was the leader of the breakaway Serb Republic in Bosnia in the 1990s Karadzic , on trial since 2010 , also faces a charge of genocide over the Srebrenica massacre
After a bumpy road to the altar , Kandi Burruss has finally said "  I do " to her longtime beau . "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta " star got hitched to Todd Tucker , one of the show 's former producers , before family and friends in Atlanta on Friday evening , the show said on its website . Burruss , a Grammy-winning singer and songwriter , is a former member of R&B group Xscape . In the Bravo hit TV reality show , Burruss ' mother continually expressed disappointment about her pending nuptials to Tucker , whom she described as opportunistic . A clip from an upcoming episode shows Tucker confronting his future mother-in-law about her disapproval of their relationship . The couple dated for years before they got engaged in 2013 .	The couple dated for years before they got engaged in 2013 Burruss , a Grammy-winning singer , is a former member of R&B group Xscape A clip from an upcoming episode shows Tucker confronting his future mother-in-law
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian authorities will observe and control text messages and e-mails that encourage protesters , an Iranian semi-official news agency reported Friday . Messages that encourage demonstrations will be screened , and organizers of illegal protests will face heavy penalties , the Iranian Labor News Agency reported , citing Tehran Police Chief Ahmadi Mogadham . Iran has clamped down on protests nationwide since mass demonstrations erupted after a disputed presidential election last June . Hard-line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi . Full coverage of the protests in Iran Many of the protesters e-mailed images worldwide of demonstrators clashing with police , filling the void created by strict government controls on foreign media outlets . Protesters were also active on social networking sites including Twitter and Facebook where one pro-democracy page has more than one quarter of a million members . The mass arrests that followed the protests have led to widespread accusations of authorities torturing and otherwise abusing prisoners . A report released Sunday by an Iranian fact-finding committee found that 147 detainees held after last summer 's post-election protests were stuffed into a small room , deprived of adequate food and subjected to other mistreatment , Iranian media reported . The 147 detainees at Kahrizak Detention Center were held with 30 additional inmates for four days in a 750-square-foot room lacking proper ventilation , the parliamentary report found , according to the semi-official Mehr News Agency . The fact-finding committee blamed former Tehran prosecutor Saeed Mortazavi for the decision to send the detainees to Kahrizak -- usually reserved for rapists and other dangerous criminals -- instead of Evin prison , which had informed Mortazavi that it had the space for them . "  Even if Evin prison had been full , it was not justified to send other offenders to this special site , " the investigation found , according to Mehr . Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , ordered the Kahrizak facility shut down after reports of mistreatment surfaced . Three prison officials have been charged with premeditated murder in the beating deaths of three imprisoned protesters . According to the investigation , Mortazavi had claimed the three died of meningitis , Mehr said . Sunday 's report found that the 147 detainees arrested July 9 suffered "  harsh corporal punishment , humiliating and insulting techniques , " and other mistreatment , Mehr said . "  The deaths of some detainees were a result of beatings and neglect of the physical condition of the injured by the detention center 's officials , " an excerpt of the report said on the Mehr Web site . The investigation did not reveal evidence of rape or sexual abuse , as alleged by reformist Mehdi Karrubi , Mehr and state-run Press TV reported . Karrubi , a former parliamentary speaker , and fellow reformist Moussavi , had publicly accused the government of allowing rape , torture , wrongful deaths and secret burials of several detainees . Karrubi had been especially vocal about the claims of detainee rape -- even publishing a first-hand account of one alleged victim on his Web site in October . The parliamentary committee met with Karrubi about the claims , but he "  did not present any convincing evidence or reliable documentation of the alleged abuse , " Mehr said the report found .	Iranian press agency reports Iranian government to screen e-mails , texts Government trying to discourage protests that erupted after disputed presidential election Organizers of illegal protests warned they will face hefty fines Authorities alleged to have tortured and abused prisoners arrested as a result of the protests
Washington  CNN  -- The ongoing radioactivity releases from damaged nuclear reactors in Japan after last week 's historic earthquake are creating "  one of the most challenging humanitarian operations ever conducted , " according to Cmdr. Jeff Davis , a spokesman for the U.S. Navy 's 7th Fleet in Japan . Davis said Tuesday that for the second time , U.S. helicopter crews have been exposed to elevated , albeit low , levels of radiation during flights near Japan 's nuclear reactors . In addition , the Navy is moving three incoming ships to a new location because of "  radiological and navigation hazards " at their intended destination on the eastern coast of Honshu , according to Davis . Just as in an incident on Sunday , the crew members were stripped of contaminated clothing , scrubbed down with soap and water and tested . In all cases , they no longer tested positive for radiation exposure . On Sunday , tests detected low levels of radioactivity on 17 U.S. Navy helicopter crew members when they returned to the USS Ronald Reagan after conducting disaster relief missions in Japan , the military said Monday . No further contamination was detected after the crew members washed with soap and water , the Navy said . Nevertheless , the U.S. 7th Fleet has temporarily repositioned its ships and planes away from the damaged multi-unit Fukushima nuclear plant . The Navy , however , noted that the most radiation that ship personnel could have received was less than they would receive in a month of exposure to natural radiation sources , such as the rocks , soil and sun . "  This will continue to happen , " Davis said . He did not know how many personnel tested positive for radiological contamination in the second incident nor what ships they were on . Most of the nine U.S. Navy warships now operating off Japan are involved in helicopter operations . For example , the USS Ronald Reagan Carrier Strike Group flew 29 sorties on Tuesday and delivered 17 tons of supplies , including food , water and blankets . The USS Tortuga is transporting 300 Japan Ground Self Defense Force personnel and 90 vehicles . Officials expect that air crew members will continue to be exposed to increased low levels of radiation , so the Navy is telling helicopter crews to keep their sleeves rolled down and keep cabin windows closed when possible . And some air crew members , Davis said , have been given potassium iodide pills . The iodide protects a person 's thyroid gland from the effects of radioactivity and can reduce the threat of thyroid cancer . U.S. Navy spokesman Capt. Danny Hernandez said the iodide pills were given as a "  precautionary measure only . " The U.S. Army 's Camp Zama , about 25 miles outside Tokyo , is also taking steps in light of the potential radiation threat . According to messages posted on U.S. Army - Japan 's official Facebook page , health officials have been taking "  environmental radiation readings every 3 hrs " since Monday . "  All readings taken to date have indicated absolutely no health risk to our community , " the message read . Nonetheless , the message noted that readings showed "  negligible levels " that require the implementation of "  mitigating measures , " including limiting outdoor activities , leaving windows closed and keeping children inside for playtime and school recess . The radiation exposure appears limited to Navy personnel . Representatives for the Marines and Air Force said they have not seen reports of anyone in their services testing positive for exposure . The Navy has three ships with the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit on their way to Japan . They are expected to arrive on March 17 . Out of concern about radiation , those ships , the USS Essex , USS Harpers Ferry and USS Germantown , will now position in the Sea of Japan on the west coast of Honshu , rather than the east coast , to aid in disaster relief .	Second incident occurs where helicopter crew tests positive for low-level radiation "  This will continue to happen , " spokesman says Most U.S. Navy vessels off Japan involved in helicopter relief operations
CNN  If you have n't yet been asked by friends or co-workers to Meerkat , chances are you will soon . The livestreaming app was the "  SXSW sweetheart " this year , despite having only launched on February 27 . It 's been adding users rapidly ever since -- even Jimmy Fallon is streaming his life using Meerkat . As part of CNN 's Instant Startups series , CNNMoney correspondent Laurie Segall reached out to Meerkat 's Ben Rubin with some questions . And he agreed to answer them -- on Meerkat , of course . You can see a few moments from the chat in the video above . Rubin is actually the co-founder and chief executive of Life On Air Inc. , a livestreaming company with many tentacles . But recently Rubin decided to dedicate his entire team to work on Meerkat after the app 's popularity exploded . Still , Rubin said , he does n't consider the app an "  instant startup " per se . It took years of work to reach this moment , he said . The half-hour chat between Rubin and Segall was informative and entertaining . Several people said it broke their record for the longest Meerkat stream they had ever watched . We heard more about Meerkat and Rubin 's vision for the future ; for example , he sees the app branching out to work with other platforms , like Facebook or Tumblr . Rubin also revealed who he 'd like most to join in the fun . Startup wannabes also got some great advice from this successful entrepreneur . Launching a new business or product is difficult , and requires flexibility , Rubin said . Entrepreneurs need people they can trust -- who wo n't be afraid to call "  b.s. " on a bad idea . For more , check out our Instant Startups page .	Meerkat launched February 27 but has caught on quickly
CNN  -- The director of public security in the border city of Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , was gunned down Wednesday night , officials said , though details of the incident remained scarce . Gen. Manuel Farfan Carreola , who served as police chief , was shot near his office by unknown assailants , said Everardo Sanchez , a spokesman for Mexico 's attorney general 's office . He had been in the position since a new administration assumed city leadership on January 1 . Rumors of how many others were killed along with the police chief swirled in Nuevo Laredo Thursday , but city officials declined to go on the record with details surrounding the incident . The state government , which is leading the investigation , was expected to hold a news conference Thursday evening . "  Obviously , the news about his death is out , but the circumstances have been in the shadows , " said Joe Baeza , a spokesman for the Laredo , Texas , Police Department . The Laredo Police Department keeps in touch with its cross-border colleagues . The investigation is an ongoing process , Baeza said , though early reports that have reached his department were that five of Farfan 's security team were killed in the shooting . The Laredo Police Department received several reports of sporadic gunfire on the Mexican side of the border , possibly related to the fallout of the killing , Baeza said . "  There 's reported instability on the Mexican side , " he said . Nuevo Laredo is one of the battlegrounds that is being contested by rival drug cartels . The Gulf cartel and its former enforcers , Los Zetas , have been fighting over the territory and its lucrative smuggling routes . The Sinaloa cartel also has been fighting for years to get a foothold in the area . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Gen. Manuel Farfan was killed in Nuevo Laredo , Mexico He had served as Neuvo Laredo 's for a little over one month Officials released few details about the shooting
A 34-year-old man being sought in a woman 's death has been arrested in connection with the killings of two homeless men who were shot three days apart while both were sleeping on sidewalks , Atlanta police said Friday . Aeman Lovel Presley was in custody , but police were n't providing further details about his arrest , said Sgt. Greg Lyon . Presley , of Atlanta , also was wanted by police in Decatur , Georgia , in the fatal shooting Saturday night of a 44-year-old woman whose body was found behind an office building , according to police and CNN affiliate WSB . An arrest warrant for Presley was issued in the Decatur case , Decatur police Sgt. Jennifer Ross said Friday . "  We are actively working with multiple agencies at this time and can not provide any further information that may jeopardize ongoing investigations , " Ross said . Karen Pearce , a hair stylist in Marietta , was shot shortly after she left a restaurant in downtown Decatur , the affiliate reported . True Salon , where Pearce worked , said on its Facebook page Friday that "  while we are relieved to hear that a suspect is in custody , we are still trying to comprehend this senseless act of violence that took a very special person from our lives . " Presley or his attorneys could n't be immediately reached for comment Friday . Atlanta police called the shootings of homeless men "  sinister " because whoever pulled the trigger was n't expecting to gain from the victims monetarily . "  A lot of our shootings involve robbery . A lot of our shootings involve someone making good on an old debt or some kind of revenge factor , " Atlanta police Detective David Quinn told reporters earlier this week . "  I do n't know why someone would shoot two defenseless men . " The shootings happened during Thanksgiving week , within three days of each other . Three days , 3 miles apart In the homeless men case , the first shooting took place November 23 . Dorian Jenkins , 42 , was fatally shot five times as he slept , wrapped in a blanket , on a sidewalk in downtown Atlanta . Less than three days later , Tommy Mims , 64 , did n't show up as normal at a recycling center where he took cans and other scrap metals to sell . Mims , known locally as "  Can Man " was found dead under a bridge where he usually slept . His body , also wrapped in a blanket , had seven gunshot wounds . He was killed less than three miles from Jenkins . "  They never came out of the sleep they were already in , " Quinn said . "  They were n't fleeing , running . They were asleep when they took these rounds . " Telling details Police say evidence links the killings of the homeless men . The rounds used in both shootings are fairly distinctive : .45 - caliber bullets that , according to Quinn , have n't been made since 2010 . They were fired from revolvers , either a Taurus "  Judge " or a Smith & Wesson "  Governor . " That reveals another troubling fact . "  These guns have a capacity of five or six rounds , " Quinn said . But Mims , the second victim , had been shot seven times . "  Someone had to reload the gun in order to get seven rounds in him . "	A man held in killing of two Atlanta homeless men is linked to third case Aeman Lovel Presley faces arrest warrant in woman 's slaying in Decatur , Georgia Karen Pearce , a hair stylist , was found fatally shot behind a building Saturday "  We are still trying to comprehend this senseless act of violence , " her salon says
Editor 's Note : Josef Sorett , Ph.D. is an assistant professor of religion and African-American studies at Columbia University . He is an interdisciplinary historian of religion in America with a focus on black communities and cultures in the United States . His research and teaching interests include American religious history , African American religions , hip hop , popular culture and the arts . I 'm lucky enough to have a job that requires me to think , read , write , teach and speak about the intersections of religion , entertainment and popular culture in American society . However , long before I began work as a college professor , I attended a church that placed as much emphasis on entertainment as instilling faith . There was a shared sense that the latter goal  i.e. instilling faith  depended upon an ability to perform the former task  i.e. entertaining  . I vividly recall the Sunday in 1985 my father took me to the church bookstore after service to purchase a copy of the first Christian rap CD , "  Bible Break " by Stephen Wiley , an Oklahoma-based youth minister/rapper who became a recurring guest at my church 's annual youth retreats . By all accounts , my youth leaders sought to "  keep it real " even as their real goal was to keep us "  saved . " By no means is "  Bible Break " great music , but it is certainly memorable . I still can recite its lyrics almost verbatim . These memories inspire much of my current work . I had the opportunity to interview Wiley while writing my dissertation . He shared with me the story of a church where an actual fist-fight broke out as leaders were debating whether to allow him to rap in their pulpit . In dramatic fashion Wiley 's experience reveals the common belief that faith and popular culture are  or should be  diametrically opposed . Black churches have always been a place where people have come to sway , to dance , to shout and -- value judgments aside -- to be entertained . To be moved by the Spirit . And sometimes not . In short , there are multiple layers of meaning at the source of what brings folks into "  the House of the Lord . " Churches were the first independent black institutions . They were a place for both worship and politics . In addition to serving as arbiters of things spiritual and political , church was also a space of pleasure and play : a theater , a concert stage and a dance hall . Many prominent black cultural institutions and artists began in churches . The Dance Theater of Harlem and the Harlem School of the Arts both held their first practices in churches . American music legends Sam Cooke and Aretha Franklin began their careers in the church , as did contemporary artists Fantasia Barrino and John Legend . To this day , a common thought is that all black entertainers come out of the church . Yet few acknowledge that the church was and is a source and site of entertainment . In today 's tabloid-driven , scandal-obsessed celebrity culture , people are reluctant to reconcile the seriousness of a "  Hallelujah ! " with the sensationalism , sensuality and sometimes downright silliness of Hollywood . The writer Rudolph Fisher captured this phenomenon well in a short story that appeared in what is considered the bible of the Harlem Renaissance , Alain Locke 's 1925 anthology "  The New Negro . " Fisher tells a tale of two young men in 1920s Upper Manhattan . Debating whether or not to attend a local revival , one of the men ended their exchange as follows : "  Ought to be a pretty good show when some o ' them old-time sisters get happy . Too early for the cabarets ; let 's go in a while , just for the hell of it ... Somethin' funny 's bound to happen . You might even get religion . " Clearly , for these men , a revival was as much about pleasure as it was about the promise of salvation . To be sure , this illustration fails to capture all of the many motivations that fill church pews . Yet it suggests that recreation and religion are fundamentally intertwined . Fisher 's Harlem , of course , holds a special place in African-American cultural history . Yet his stories are not solely about race or place . Rather , they show black churches to be exceptional even as they are quintessentially American . Recent public debates around black liberation theology often portray black churches as occupying an alternative universe . African-American Christians breathe the same cultural and political air as their churchgoing brothers and sisters of other races . This is perhaps no more clear than in the realm of aesthetics . Most of the fastest growing black churches have adopted the praise and worship format that has long been popular in white evangelical and charismatic congregations . A prime case of this is Byron Cage 's "  Breathe , " a remake of the Hillsong standard , "  This is the Air I Breathe . " More generally , the history of entertainment in the United States can not be told without holding a special place for protestant Christianity . This is especially the case for American evangelicalism , beginning with the Great Awakenings tremendous revivals of the 18th and 19th centuries , which facilitated the first large-scale embrace of the Christian gospel by African-Americans . In the 20th century , one recalls figures like Oral Roberts , Kathryn Kuhlman and Frederick "  Rev. Ike " Eikerenkoetter , the list goes on ad infinitum in black and white . These preachers possessed a powerful stage presence . Each was also a media personality with a popular radio and/or television show . Theirs is the same history that helped produce a tradition of black religious broadcasters from J.M. Gates , Lucy Smith and Clarence Cobb to Cartlon Pearson , TD Jakes and Juanita Bynum . Before Juanita Bynum 's popular "  No More Sheets " DVD or Eddie Long 's "  Taking Authority " network , there was Frederick K.C. Price 's "  Ever Increasing Faith " weekly television program . And long before these three there was Elder Solomon Lightfoot Michaux 's "  Happy Am I " radio show . In addition to preachers and their sermons , there is sacred music from Thomas Dorsey 's gospel blues to the holy hip hop of the cross movement . There is film : Oscar Micheaux 's "  Within Our Gates "  1919  to Jakes ' "  Woman Thou Art Loosed , "  2004  . And there is theater : Langston Hughes ' "  Black Nativity , " to Tyler Perry 's "  I Know I 've Been Changed " . Perry 's plays , movies and sitcoms always offer dramatic morality tales , and they are never short on the rich biblical rhetoric of the black Christian vernacular . The appeal of these clerics and religious celebrities is attributable as much to their entertainment value and media savvy as it is to their spiritual acumen . Collectively , they comprise a veritable black Christian culture industry , complete with countless commodities and commercial opportunities . This is not meant to question the authenticity of any minister or ministry . Rather , it points to the evolving interplay between churches and the matrices of markets , media and culture , a complex set of networks that includes the arts and literature , television and digital technologies , music and movies , fashion and finance . Black churches continue to provide a place where African-Americans go to pray and receive prayer . To hear and to speak "  the word . " To fellowship and to feel the Spirit . And , ultimately , to feel their best , right in the here and now . This is , and always has been , the story of the black church .	Josef Sorett : There is a belief that faith and popular culture are diametrically opposed Black churches have always been places to be entertained , moved by the spirit , he says Music legends , contemporary artists got their start in the church
CNN  -- It 's no longer enough to have smartphones , smartwatches , smart TVs and smart cars . Now a tech company is bringing artificial intelligence to lingerie . Researchers at Microsoft have developed a prototype of a "  smart bra " embedded with physiological sensors that seek to monitor a woman 's heart activity to track her emotional moods and combat overeating . The sensors can signal the wearer 's smartphone , which then flash a warning message to help her step away from the fridge and make better diet decisions . The company says it has no plans to make the bra into a commercial product , however . So -- why a bra , exactly ? "  First , we needed a form factor that would be comfortable when worn for long durations , " said scientists in a research paper published online . "  The bra form factor was ideal because it allowed us to collect  electrocardiogram data  near the heart . " Research has shown that many people reach for calorie-rich foods like doughnuts when they 're feeling stressed , bored , discouraged or on edge . There 's a reason it 's called comfort food . For the research paper , scientists from Microsoft , the University of Rochester and the University of Southampton in the UK interviewed women who said that interventions -- being alerted to their emotional states -- helped them identify triggers for binge eating . Bionic fashion : Wearable tech will turn man into machine by 2015 The researchers then conducted a study in which four women wore the sensors in their bras for four days to monitor their vital signs . An electrocardiogram  EKG  sensor under the arm measured their heart rate , while an electrodermal activity  EDA  sensor tracked their perspiration . The researchers determined the bra was mostly effective in detecting its wearer 's emotional changes . But the sensors needed to be recharged every three to four hours , which limited how long the bra could be worn . And more research would be needed before a smart brassiere -- Microsoft 's Secret , anyone ? -- ever became a viable product . A Microsoft spokesperson downplayed the bra 's significance in an e-mail to CNN . "  The bra sensing system is just one instance of a class of work from a group of Microsoft researchers that is focused on the broader topic of affective computing , or designing devices and services that are sensitive to people 's moods and react accordingly , " the spokesperson said . "  While we will continue our research in affective computing , Microsoft has no plans to develop a bra with sensors . " What about a similar undergarment for men ? Researchers did n't rule it out . "  We will continue to explore how to build a robust , real-world system that stands up to everyday challenges with regards to battery life , comfortability , and being suitable for both men and women , " the researchers said in the paper . Reaction to the bra on Twitter ranged from amusement to annoyance . "  Anyone else offended that Microsoft is devoting its tech research to a bra designed to prevent women from overeating ? " tweeted a Seattle woman whose Twitter handle is @cunningminx . Added Rachel Happe of Boston , "  If nothing else convinces you we need more women in tech , this should . No , I do n't want someone hacking my bra ... " The wave of wearable computers	Researchers developed a bra prototype with sensors to monitor a woman 's emotional state The bra could send alerts to the wearer 's phone to combat overeating NEW : Microsoft says it has no plans to make the bra into a commercial product
CNN  -- Ten months after being released from a mental institution , the suspect in the slaying of a West Virginia sheriff was able to purchase a gun that authorities say was used in the crime because his mental health information was not entered into a federal database , two sources with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . How the violent mentally ill can buy guns Tennis Maynard , 37 , has been charged with first-degree murder in the killing of Sheriff Walter E. "  Eugene " Crum and with attempted murder after he allegedly pointed a gun at a sheriff 's deputy who chased him . His family admitted him to a mental hospital in February 2010 , according to both sources . That would have disqualified him from buying a firearm or even being in the presence of guns , authorities say . But in December 2010 , Maynard was able to purchase a .40 - caliber handgun at a licensed gun dealer in neighboring Logan County , according to the same source , despite a required , computerized background check . Slain sheriff 's widow takes on his job In West Virginia , once a mental hygiene commissioner adjudicates someone with mental health problems at a hearing , the state 's mental health registry is notified and the information is transferred to the National Instant Check System . In Maynard 's case , it did n't happen as soon as it should have , the sources say . Mingo County Prosecuting Attorney Michael Sparks wo n't confirm or deny that Maynard 's mental health record was the specific information that was missing from the federal database . However , Maynard 's mother previously told CNN he was involuntarily committed by his family a few years ago . Sparks said there was an ` inexcusable delay ' in relaying information from the state to the federal background check database . Sparks stressed that the firearm dealer who sold the handgun to Maynard did "  what was legally required " under the law and performed a background check . Maynard tried to buy another firearm in early 2011 , but that attempt failed when the same computerized system flagged him as ineligible , Sparks said . It 's unclear where Maynard tried to purchase the second firearm . It 's also unknown how many guns were seized from Maynard 's home where he lived with his parents and how many belonged to Maynard . Mingo County , West Virginia meet your new sheriff Maynard 's mother , Olgie Maynard , told CNN last week that her daughter signed paperwork to admit Tennis Maynard to a hospital and that he was there for about a week in 2010 . She says her son "  went crazy " in their yard . The family called police , and he was taken to a hospital . He also has been a patient at a local mental health clinic , she says . Booth Goodwin , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia , said the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is continuing its investigation of Maynard 's gun history . Goodwin has not yet decided whether to prosecute Maynard on felony federal weapons charges and declined to comment further . Lying on a gun purchase application is a misdemeanor in West Virginia , however , it is a felony under federal law , according to authorities . Maynard is accused of killing Crum on April 3 as he sat in his truck just blocks from the county courthouse . The suspect parked his car close to the sheriff 's SUV and shot through the window twice , hitting the sheriff twice in the head , according to a state official who was briefed on the investigation . After a brief chase , Maynard was shot and wounded by a sheriff 's deputy in Delbarton , West Virginia , after he wrecked the vehicle he was driving and raised his weapon . Sparks said the shooter used a Glock .40 - caliber handgun to kill the sheriff . Investigators do n't know what the motive is . Maynard is alleged to have made a statement shortly after he was shot , but authorities wo n't reveal what he said , saying only that it "  could have been interpreted in different ways . " Williamson Police Chief Dave Rockel says authorities later spoke to Maynard at his bedside last week , but the suspect was too medicated to make a lucid statement . On Wednesday , a judge appointed Huntington attorney Rick Weston to represent Maynard , who remains hospitalized as a precautionary measure to help protect his rights , according to Sparks . The prosecutor said he expects to bring evidence before a grand jury within the next couple of weeks . Investigators have been collecting several pieces of surveillance video evidence and receipts that put Maynard in the area of the courthouse , some within an hour of the fatal shooting , Sparks said . Police are still seeking surveillance cameras that might have captured the murder itself , Sparks added . A witness told police the alleged shooter was wearing a hood when he fired into the sheriff 's vehicle , then fled the scene , according to Sparks . Crum 's daughter said "  it 's a strong possibility " that her father was killed for vigorously pursuing the illicit drug trade . Crum had taken office only three months before his killing but already had built a reputation for taking out dealers and shutting down "  pill mills . " "  My dad fought tirelessly against drug abuse . He just wanted to clean up the county and make it a better place to live , " Julie Hall told CNN . "  Things are still under investigation at this time . We really are unsure , " Hall said . Crum 's funeral was Sunday . His wife , Rosie , was appointed last week to complete his term , which runs through the end of next year . Mandated by the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1993 and launched by the FBI in 1998 , the NICS is used by federal firearms licensees to determine whether a prospective buyer is eligible to buy firearms or explosives . The reliability of the NICS system has been a point of contention in the debate on gun violence . A deal reached by Sens. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , and Pat Toomey , R-Pennsylvania , aims to tackle issues some have with the current background check reporting methods . The Manchin-Toomey compromise would require states and the federal government to provide records on criminals and the "  violently mentally ill " to the national background check system , addressing a criticism by the NRA and other opponents of gun laws that the existing system lacks substantive information . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report	W. Virginia officials did n't update a background check database in time , prosecutor says The "  inexcusable delay " allowed suspect to buy a gun , prosecutor says Once updated , database stopped a second gun purchase by Tennis Melvin Maynard Maynard is accused of killing West Virginia Sheriff Walter E. "  Eugene " Crum
CNN  -- A Syriac Orthodox archbishop in Britain called for all Christians in Iraq to leave the country Sunday , one week to the day after gunmen stormed a Catholic church in Baghdad . Some 50 people were killed and 75 wounded in the attack at the Sayidat al-Nejat church last week , including women , children and two priests . Archbishop Athanasios Dawood slammed the Iraqi government for not doing enough to protect the rights of minorities and urged Christians to quit the country . "  I say clearly and now -- the Christian people should leave their beloved land of our ancestors and escape the premeditated ethnic cleansing . This is better than having them killed one by one , " said Dawood , according to prepared remarks he sent to CNN . Speaking at a service in London , he also asked the British government , and those in other European countries , to grant asylum to Christians living in Iraq . "  The Iraqi government is weak , biased , if not extremist . It does not protect us and the other minorities . It has ignored our legal rights . We ask the British government , the EU and the U.N. to protect us , " he said . "  I ask the British government again to help the Iraqi Christians and grant them the rights of humanitarian asylum in order to preserve what is left of the victims who do not carry a weapon to fight and kill , " said Dawood . His call came a week after the brutal siege on a Baghdad church . The Islamic State of Iraq , which has local ties to al Qaeda , claimed responsibility for the attack , which was set off when gunman stormed the church and took worshippers hostage . Security forces rushed inside hours later , ending the standoff . The radical group has said all Christians in the Middle East are "  legitimate targets . " On Sunday , evidence of the horrific clash still clung to the walls . Blood stains , bullet holes and black residue from an explosion smeared the sides of the church . Parishioners came to celebrate Mass and to place candles in the shape of a cross on the floor to honor those who died . Most who spoke to CNN said they would not allow terror to prevail , but also expressed fear . "  My nerves are frayed . I ca n't feel my body . I feel like my blood dried up . My whole body is shaking because what I am seeing is unimaginable , " said Linda Hagob , a congregant . The church , which before the attack was open for morning and evening Mass on Sundays , will be open daily now . Elsewhere in Baghdad , at Saint Joseph 's Church , about a dozen worshippers attended evening Mass , significantly less than a typical turnout , the parish priest said . Father Saad Sirop Hanna said Christians in Iraq are scared of more attacks . He blamed Iraqi politicians , who have been unable to form a government since elections there in March , for much of the violence . "  We blame the government and all the politicians . We consider what happened last Sunday in the church an effect of what they are doing now , and we want all the good people to move and put an end to this situation , " he said . Hanna also responded to Dawood 's call for Christians to quit Iraq . "  Staying or leaving -- we will leave it to the people to decide ... I can understand this bishop , this priest , I can understand him . I agree with him from a certain point of view , but I disagree with him from another . " "  We are afraid , but not desperate , " Hanna said . CNN 's Bharati Naik in London and Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon , both in Baghdad , contributed to this report .	Archbishop Athanasios Dawood says the Iraqi government does not protect minorities He calls on the British government to grant Christians living in Iraq humanitarian asylum His appeal comes one week to the day after a brutal attack on a church in Baghdad The church celebrated Mass Sunday as parishioners lit candles for those who died
New York  CNN  -- Call them the not-so-friendly skies . A flight attendant cursed out passengers , grabbed a beer then triggered an emergency chute Monday at a JFK Airport terminal , authorities say . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said it "  appears " Steven Slater was quitting . "  It 's a strange way to quit , let 's put it that way , " he said . "  I do n't think he 'll be able to come back . " Share your dramatic work exit story Police arrested Slater for allegedly triggering the emergency escape chute , a spokeswoman for the district attorney said . Slater was arrested at his home and charged with criminal mischief , reckless endangerment and criminal trespass , said Helen Peterson at the Queens District Attorney 's Office . The incident took place just after the Jet Blue flight landed when a passenger stood to remove a bag from the overhead bin while the plane was still taxiing , a law enforcement source with direct knowledge said . A flight attendant exchanged words with the passenger , and the conversation escalated . Slater picked up the intercom and used expletives directed at the passengers , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . It is not clear exactly what was said on the intercom . The source said that when the plane at stopped at the gate , Slater then grabbed some beer from the beverage cart before deploying the emergency slide and using it to leave the plane . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said that it "  appears " the flight attendant quit his job in a very dramatic way . "  I know the facts that have been related to me -- the plane was taxiing in , some passenger got up to take their bag down , the steward -- flight attendant -- approached , told him to not do that , " said Kelly . "  He called him an expletive and apparently hit him or pushed him in some way . The story got on the radio based on a statement that ` I 've been doing this for twenty years and I 'm out of here . ' " "  It 's a strange way to quit , let 's put it that way , " he said . "  I do n't think he 'll be able to come back . " The law enforcement source said that Port Authority police did not learn about the incident for about 20 to 25 minutes after it took place . Jet Blue public affairs would not respond to that claim . The airline also would not confirm any details of the incident but said that the evacuation slide was deployed on a plane that had parked at the gate after arriving from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The identity of the passenger involved in the altercation has not been confirmed . As a rule , passengers are required to stay in their seats with their seatbelts fastened until the pilot has reached the gate and gives the all clear sign . Peterson said the second degree criminal mischief and first degree reckless endangerment charges are felonies that could land Slater in jail for up to seven years . The criminal trespass charge and two other lesser mischief and endangerment charges are misdemeanors . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	NEW : NYPD 's Kelly : ` Strange way to quit ' your job Source : Jet Blue waits 25 minutes to report incident Police arrest flight attendant at his home in Queens Flight attendant , passenger had words while plane was moving
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- Jin Woo-hyuk had a pimple on his forehead . He was skinny and wore braces . When divers found the teenager 's body in the submerged ship , he was wearing a pair of jeans and a light green hoodie . The simple , human details about Woo-hyuk are noted on a whiteboard , which catalogues descriptions of the bodies recovered from the sunken ferry Sewol . Some of the victims , still unidentified , are known just by a number . No. 63 was a female student with a flower-shaped belly ring and Adidas sweatpants . No. 62 , another girl , had a long pony tail and wore black rosary beads . They were among the 325 students from a South Korean high school on board the ferry that sank April 16 , making up two thirds of the passengers of the ship . Only 75 of the students were rescued . The remaining 250 are dead or missing . ` Big brother , you have to live ' The students attended Danwon High School in Ansan , a city about an hour 's drive south from the capital , Seoul . The school has lost the majority of its junior year , as well as a dozen teachers . Signs of mourning are everywhere in the surrounding neighborhood . Yellow ribbons are tied to the school gate , symbolizing hope and solidarity with the dead and missing students ' families . A shrine of flowers and hundreds of notes to the dead decorate the school 's entrance . "  Big brother , you have to live , you have to come back , " read one note . "  I want to see you , " another read . "  I love you and pray for you . " Many of the messages from other students expressed regret at not being able to help their classmates on the ferry that was traveling from the port city of Incheon to Jeju , a southern resort island , when it began to list and then capsized . ` It all hurts too much ' Funerals of students have been taking place in recent days . Before the ceremonies , the hearses have driven into the school grounds for one last visit , a portrait of the dead teenager carried by a person in the passenger seat . The trauma of the ferry disaster has affected local residents . "  I feel my heart is being ripped up , " said Ryu Chang-ryul , who has lived near the school for nine years . "  For three days I have n't eaten . It all hurts too much . " Kim Young-sook runs a small restaurant near the school . She dressed in black and wept as she spoke with CNN , explaining that students are regular customers . She played a video of a 17-year-old boy she said was like a son to her . "  He used to call me auntie , " she said . "  He was sitting here playing guitar talking about just how important this trip was to him . I feel so bad that I could not be there . All of us , we could have done something . " Students return to school A makeshift memorial has been set up in a nearby basketball gymnasium , where hundreds of people file past a wall of flowers in which dozens of photos of dead and missing students are mounted . As well as local visitors , people have driven down from other cities like Seoul to pay their respects . The school reopened Thursday , but only for students in the final year . About 100 psychiatrists and support staff from across South Korea were on hand to counsel them . Some of the teenagers arrived in hoods or wore caps to cover their faces as they made their way past journalists . Mental health care professionals will be available to the students for at least two months , said Dr. Kim Hyun-sook , head of the community mental health program in the region . "  Koreans , when they experience trauma , they feel anger and sadness but they tend to bottle it up , " he said . "  We 're trying to encourage emotional communication to let those feelings out . " A mother 's pain The parents of the dead and missing , meanwhile , cling to photos and videos of their lost loved ones . Christine Kim taught English to some of the students . Her youngest daughter , Billy , was on board the ferry . A video on Kim 's cell phone shows Billy hula-hooping while wearing a dalmation costume -- a fun-loving teenager . Billy got her boyish name because she loved goats when she was little , her mother said . Last week , Kim looked out to sea from Jindo and called for her daughter . "  It 's mom ! " she cried out at the waves . "  It 's mom ! " EXCLUSIVE : Malaysia to release MH370 report , Prime Minister tells CNN CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and CNN 's Judy Kwon reported from Jindo . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Kyung Lah , Andrew Stevens , Steven Jiang and Frances Cha contributed to this report .	A whiteboard carries descriptions of bodies recovered from the ferry One student had a pimple and wore braces ; a girl had a flower-shaped belly ring A high school has lost most of its junior class in the sinking of the Sewol Signs of mourning are everywhere in the neighborhood near the school
Ahead of next week 's scheduled execution of convicted killer Christopher Sepulvado , the Louisiana Department of Corrections has switched to the same controversial two-drug combination that was used in Ohio this month , the Louisiana department said . "  The reason for the change is that DOC has been unable to procure the drug , pentobarbital , specified in the one-drug protocol , " DOC spokeswoman Pam Laborde said in a statement . "  The Department will continue to attempt to obtain the drug or drugs necessary for either of the two protocols . " Gary Clements , part of Sepulvado 's legal team , said an appeal will be filed Tuesday . Ohio execution points to flaws in lethal injection "  We 're not challenging capital punishment in his case ... just how it 's going to be done , " Clements said . Sepulvado 's execution is scheduled for February 5 . He was sentenced to death for killing his 6-year-old stepson in 1992 . Like Ohio , Louisiana has been forced to find new drug protocols after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . Ohio inmate Dennis McGuire appeared to gasp and convulse for about 10 minutes before he died January 16 by lethal injection using the new combination of drugs -- midazolam , a sedative ; and the painkiller hydromorphone -- according to reporters who witnessed the execution . McGuire 's family said the execution was "  torture . " Controversial execution in Ohio uses new drug combination CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said McGuire 's execution will likely spark debate over whether the use of the drugs constitutes cruel and unusual punishment prohibited by the U.S. Constitution . "  Whenever there 's a change in the lethal injection process , clearly it 's subject to legal proceedings , and perhaps we will see those , " Hostin said this month . The change in execution drugs was not a surprise , Clements said . "  We predicted they would have trouble finding pentobarbital , and they would have their backs against the wall and they would be forced to do something drastic , " Clements said . "  The  announcement has proven us correct . " Opinion : End secrecy in lethal injections	Christopher Sepulvado 's execution is scheduled for February 5 The two-drug combination has only been used in one other execution An Ohio inmate appeared to gasp and convulse for about 10 minutes before he died European-based manufacturers have banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions
CNN  -- Manchester United moved five points clear in the English Premier League after snatching a 1-0 win against Bolton on Saturday despite having a player sent off . Second-placed Arsenal lost ground after coming from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at relegation-threatened West Brom , but have a game in hand on the leaders . Third-placed Manchester City face fourth-placed Chelsea on Sunday in a match that will have a big bearing on the Champions League hopes of Tottenham , who could only draw 0-0 at home to struggling London rivals West Ham on Saturday . Second-half substitute Dimitar Berbatov was United 's hero as he bundled home an 88th-minute winner after visiting goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen failed to hold a shot by Nani . The Bulgarian striker had never before netted for United coming off the bench , but made a telling impact after replacing in-form Mexico forward Javier Hernandez at halftime . Chelsea draw English rivals Manchester United in Euro quarterfinals United , with manager Alex Ferguson watching from the stands as he started his five-match touchline ban , failed to dominate a Bolton side seeking to claim sixth place from Liverpool . The home team lost Jonny Evans with 14 minutes to play when the Irish defender was sent off for a raised-studs challenge on Stuart Holden that required the United States midfielder to be carried off with a gashed leg . But United kept pushing for a winner , which finally came as Berbatov moved two clear of City 's Carlos Tevez in the English scoring charts with his 20th Premier League goal this season and 21st overall . Arsenal went into the match at West Brom hoping to resurrect the team 's final chance of winning a trophy this season after being knocked out of the Champions League and FA Cup plus losing in the final of the League Cup . But Steven Reid 's third-minute header and a second goal by Nigeria striker Peter Odemwingie in the 58th minute after a mix-up by goalkeeper Manuel Almunia and Sebastien Squillaci gave Roy Hodgson 's hosts hope of a much-needed win . However , Andrei Arshavin reduced the deficit with 20 minutes to play , and Dutch striker Robin van Persie equalized on 78 with an effort that just crossed the line after the Russia forward 's cross hit the post . The result lifted West Brom a point away from the bottom four clubs -- led by West Ham on goal difference from Wolverhampton . Fifth-placed Tottenham trail Chelsea by two points after failing to score against the Hammers , despite hitting the woodwork three times as Harry Redknapp 's team once again crashed back to earth after European heroics . Having earned a Champions League quarterfinal against Real Madrid after eliminating AC Milan on March 9 , Redknapp saw his team frustrated by West Ham 's former England goalkeeper Robert Green on a day that Spurs ' Wales winger Gareth Bale signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract . Everton claimed eighth place , joining Bolton on 40 points , with a 2-1 win over Fulham in the late match . Young Irishman Seamus Coleman opened the scoring in the 36th minute and France striker Louis Saha doubled the lead four minutes after the restart with his 10th goal this season before U.S. midfielder Clint Dempsey reduced the deficit just after the hour mark . FA Cup semifinalists Stoke moved above Newcastle into 10th place after a 4-0 thrashing of their mid-table rivals that maintained the side 's unbeaten home run in 2011 . Striker Jon Walters headed a first-half opener and his provider Jermaine Pennant made it 2-0 after the restart before Danny Higginbotham 's free-kick added to the lead soon after , and Jamaica forward Ricardo Fuller capped the victory at the end when he came on as a late substitute . Just three points separate the bottom eight teams , with four clumped together on 33 after Blackburn came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Blackpool and Aston Villa lost 1-0 at home to Midlands rivals Wolverhampton . Wolves joined West Ham on 32 points with a first win at Villa Park in more than 30 years thanks to a winner by winger Matt Jarvis , while bottom club Wigan moved up to 30 with a 2-1 win over League Cup winners Birmingham , who remained in the relegation zone . Liverpool , eliminated from the Europa League last week , travel to Sunderland on Sunday .	Dimitar Berbatov scores late winner as Manchester United beat visiting Bolton United reduced to 10 men with 14 minutes left after Jonny Evans is sent off Second-placed Arsenal trail United by five points after being held 2-2 at West Brom Tottenham 's Champions Leagues hopes suffer another blow with draw against West Ham
CNN  -- Houston prosecutors will ask a court Thursday to formally exonerate a Texas man after DNA tests ruled out his guilt in a rape for which he served 17 years in prison . George Rodriguez was freed in 2004 after an appeals court found that faulty scientific evidence had been used against him in his 1987 trial . Prosecutors did n't retry him , citing concerns about having the victim -- who had identified Rodriguez as one of her two attackers in a police lineup -- testify again . State officials had denied his request for a pardon , but Harris County District Attorney Patricia Lykos agreed to review his case after she took office in 2009 . New DNA tests on the forensic evidence in the case came back February 22 and conclusively ruled out Rodriguez , now 50 , Lykos said in a statement Wednesday afternoon . "  When this scientific inquiry began , there was no legal requirement or mandate for any further work to be done by our office , because the case had been dismissed , " Lykos said . "  Instead , we acted on the most important obligation of all -- to see that the truth emerges , and that justice is done . Today , we can state that an innocent man has been vindicated . " The Harris County District Attorney 's office will ask a judge to formally declare Rodriguez innocent at a Thursday hearing , she said . Lykos , a Republican , campaigned on promises to reform the prosecutor 's office in Texas ' largest city , and she has drawn praise from defense lawyers for creating a post-conviction review process to examine new evidence . The Innocence Project , which won Rodriguez 's release in 2004 , gave her an award in 2010 for that program . Another man , Manuel Beltran , is now serving a 60-year prison term in connection for rape . The DNA testing also confirmed that another man , now dead but long considered an alternative suspect , also assaulted the victim , who was 14 at the time .	George Rodriguez was released in 2004 but never formally cleared Prosecutors say DNA tests rule out his participation in the 1987 rape
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean President Lee Myung-bak vowed Thursday that his nation would protect its sea border "  to the death " as he visited a nearby island shelled by North Korea two years ago . Lee made his first visit as president to view his troops ' military readiness on the frontline island . Read more : S. Korean Military embarrassed after North defector security lapse "  Now that I am here , I can feel the confrontation  with the north  , " he said . "  I realize the importance of Yeonpyeong island . " He was accompanied by Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin . North Korea shelled the island in the Yellow Sea in November 2010 , killing two marines and two civilians . Pyongyang claims it was responding to South Korea holding a military drill nearby . The island is close to the maritime border , the Northern Limit Line , which Pyongyang does not recognize . Read more : S. Korea fires warning shots at N. Korean fishing boats During his three-hour visit , Lee reiterated his stance . "  I believe that all Korean marines should know that we have to protect the NLL to the death , " he said . The South Korean president said his military would have no choice but to launch a counterattack if there was another provocation . Last month , North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visited the North Korean islands from which his troops had fired on Yeonpyeong . He told the military to be vigilant and ready to lead a "  sacred war " . These disputed waters have seen deadly skirmishes in recent years . Last month , North Korean fishing boats strayed south of the limit line . The South Korean joint chiefs of staff said they fired warning shots to ensure the boats returned North . Read more : N. Korean video taunts South candidate with ` Gangnam ' - inspired video	Lee Myung-bak makes his first visit as president to view his troops ' military readiness He is accompanied by his defense minister North Korea shelled the island in November 2010
The Western Australian government caught 172 sharks , and killed 50 of the largest animals , as part of a culling program that has sparked anger among conservationists . The three-month program , which ended last week , used baited lines attached to floating drums to catch sharks off popular beaches in Western Australia following a spate of fatal shark attacks in waters off the state in recent years . The scheme , which was part of the state 's $ 20 million shark mitigation policy , allowed for tiger , bull and great white sharks measuring longer than 10 feet  3 meters  hooked on the drum lines to be destroyed . Some 50 tiger sharks longer than 10 feet were killed between January 25 and April 30 . The largest one , which measured 14.8 feet  4.5 meters  , was caught in February off Perth 's Floreat beach . Not the right culprits ? But none of the creatures captured were great white sharks , the species believed to be responsible for most of the recent fatal attacks in Western Australia , which have left seven people dead in the past three years . Under the program , another 14 sharks measuring less than 10 feet died on the drum line and four more were destroyed because they were too weak to survive , according to the government 's figures published Wednesday . Western Australia 's Fisheries Minister Ken Baston hailed the shark mitigation policy a success , saying it was restoring confidence among beachgoers and contributing to research about shark behavior . "  The human toll from shark attacks in recent years has been too high , " Baston said in a statement released to the media . "  While of course we will never know if any of the sharks caught would have harmed a person , this government will always place greatest value on human life , " the minister said . Conservationist 's nightmare But the scheme has been criticized by environmentalists who say the sea predators should remain protected species . "  Of the 172 sharks that were caught on the drum line , the majority were tiger sharks which have n't been involved in shark fatalities for decades in Western Australia , " Sea Shepherd shark campaigner Natalie Banks told CNN . More than 70 % of the creatures caught on the drum line were n't large enough to be considered a threat or were other animals , like stingrays , Banks said . While monitoring the government program , Sea Shepherd found that sharks released alive were in a "  state of shock " known as tonic immobility and sank to the ocean floor , she said . Hi-tech initiative As part of its shark research and protection policy , the Western Australian Department of Fisheries is working on a satellite-linked shark tagging program that allows beach safety authorities to know , through near real-time alerts , if a tagged shark is in the vicinity . Under the three-month cull scheme , 90 sharks were tagged before being released alive . Other animals caught on the line were freed , including seven stingrays and a north-west blowfish . Beach closures due to shark sightings were also down this year , according to government figures . There were 93 closures in 2013-14 , compared to 131 the previous season . The Western Australian government is seeking approval to extend the program for three more years . Human remains found in search for woman ` taken ' by shark in Australia Shrimper catches rare goblin shark	Some 50 large sharks killed under culling scheme in Australia 's largest state Western Australia government says the program helps improve beach safety and adds to scientific research According to conservationists , there is no evidence the policy has been successful The Western Australia government wants to extend the program for three more years
CNN  -- If you think you were confused and challenged by the famously labyrinthine plot of "  Chinatown , " imagine how the screenwriter felt . In "  Chinatown , " Jack Nicholson played detective J.J. Gittes , whose nose has been slashed by some thugs . "  I did lose my way many times , " said Robert Towne in a recent interview . "  It took an ungodly amount of time to work on it -- it was 10 months of solid work , and before that , there were several months of letting it gel enough to write it . " The process was worth it to Towne , however -- he walked away with an Oscar for best original screenplay , the only one the film received in a year mostly overrun by "  The Godfather Part II . " Director Roman Polanski 's film , starring Jack Nicholson as a 1930s detective who gets in over his head with intertwined scandals of murder , sodomy and real estate development , has become a modern classic . The film , which receives a 35th-anniversary DVD edition October 6 , is now hailed as one of the gems of the early - '70s Hollywood golden age : "  Masterful filmmaking from beginning to end , " wrote Salon 's Andrew O'Hehir in 2000 . The film is No. 21 on the American Film Institute 's 2007 list of the greatest American movies . Towne talks about inspiration for location of film " Despite being brightly lit , Towne says the film was always intended to be dark in tone . Polanski -- whose wife , Sharon Tate , was killed by the Manson Family and who insisted on its downbeat ending -- made it even darker . "  He certainly highlighted -LSB- the darkness -RSB- and made it very credible . I think that was a ... vital element to making the film work , " Towne said . In the following exchange , which was conducted before Polanski 's recent arrest over a 1977 rape charge , Towne talked about the development of the script , Polanski 's sense of evil and why it was important to slap Faye Dunaway 's character , Evelyn Mulwray , around . The screenwriter could not be reached for comment about Polanski 's arrest . The interview , which does contain spoilers , has been edited and condensed . CNN : You wrote the role -LSB- of detective J.J. "  Jake " Gittes -RSB- for Jack Nicholson . He 'd worked with you before , as Buddusky in -LSB- the Towne-penned -RSB- "  The Last Detail . " What suggested him for this role , as a hard-boiled detective ? Robert Towne : We were very close friends , and I think that his kind of insouciance suggested itself for a very cocksure detective who was cynical but with a hidden idealistic streak , who really thought he knew all the answers but in fact had no notion how evil somebody could be . CNN : This is famously part of an uncompleted trilogy about the development of Los Angeles -- this , "  The Two Jakes " -LSB- made in 1990 -RSB- and "  Cloverleaf . " Is "  Cloverleaf " ever going to be made ? Towne : Well , it actually was n't called "  Cloverleaf . " I do n't know where that came from . It was to be called "  Gittes vs. Gittes . " And Gittes was involved in his own divorce , as it were . CNN : The script is so intricate . How did you go about creating a script like this without losing your way ? Towne : Well , I did lose my way many times . ... How to unfold -LSB- the -RSB- story took some trial and error , until I realized that the main thrust of the story should be following the water scandal and then the other -LSB- relationships -RSB- kind of bubbled up through it . ... There were lots of back stories that never made it to the film , but I think the suggestion of those made the narrative probably richer . CNN : There is always talk of how movies reflect their times , and this movie can be seen as reflecting Watergate . But it came out in '74 and was shot before that and was written before that , which dates it back to the late '60s and early '70s . Towne : That 's right . But these things are in the air . There was ... that sense of the disparity between what you were told was happening and what was really going on . It was kind of natural . ... It was definitely something that was part of the past and part of the present at the same time , which I guess is serendipitous . Or maybe not serendipitous -- it 's what led one to creating the story . CNN : Had you immersed yourself in -LSB- detective writers -RSB- Raymond Chandler and Dashiell Hammett before doing this ? Towne : Yes , I had . I had n't actually read Chandler before I started doing it , but Chandler had a real love of Los Angeles -- or a love-hate relationship . And I absorbed that . On the other hand , his character Philip Marlowe -- the tarnished knight who would n't do divorce work and was very principled and not very concerned about his appearance -- led me to look for what a detective was really like . And the successful ones , like Freddie Otash and people like that , did nothing but divorce work . So while respecting the genre , I tried to bring to it a character who was a little bit different from the way characters like that had been dramatized . CNN : You talk about the love-hate relationship with Los Angeles . I 'm wondering if Roman 's view of Los Angeles , based on what had happened to him , brought an extra degree of darkness to the script ? Towne : Well , that darkness was in the script , but he certainly highlighted it and made it very credible . ... He had a sense of evil , and -LSB- John Huston 's tycoon character Noah Cross -RSB- was nothing if not evil . And between Huston and Roman , there was a level of belief in the fact that people were capable of things that most people at that time would not have imagined they were . CNN : How did "  My sister , my daughter " -LSB- spoken by Cross ' daughter , Evelyn Mulwray , as she 's being slapped by Gittes -RSB- come about ? Towne : I think it was part of the fact that we needed , in order for that confession to be credible , we needed to have it basically beaten out of her , because it was such a shameful confession . Today , of course , it would not be as shameful . Evelyn Mulwray would go on "  Oprah " and talk about how she had been abused by her father . CNN : How do you feel about the state of screenwriting in Hollywood , when perhaps the script is the last thing studios think about ? Towne : I would n't say it 's the last , but it certainly is influenced by the fact that at that time there was not nearly as many people involved in the script . There was n't this coterie of midlevel executives who feel they have to comment in everything in the script , and sometimes the comments are contradictory . We did n't have to deal with any of that . I think the script of "  Chinatown " would be hard to get made today , -LSB- with -RSB- its complexity and its darkness .	"  Chinatown , " much-praised 1974 film , out in new DVD edition Director Roman Polanski 's familiarity with tragedy informed the film , says writer Film is about detective , played by Jack Nicholson , who stumbles into major scandal "  Chinatown " was nominated for 11 Oscars , won one  for Towne 's screenplay
Alec Baldwin 's angry outbursts against photographers trailing him have cost the actor his MSNBC talk show job . "  We are jointly confirming that ` Up Late ' will not continue on MSNBC , " MSNBC and Baldwin 's rep , Matthew Hiltzik , told CNN in a joint statement Tuesday . The channel announced a two-week suspension of Baldwin 's show last week amid media reports that he chased after a photographer outside his Manhattan apartment and called him a "  c ** ksucking f * g. " "  Get away from my wife and the baby with the camera , " Baldwin could be heard yelling on video taken of the incident . "  What f *** ing language you want that in ? " Baldwin later posted a statement on MSNBC 's website saying , "  I did not intend to hurt or offend anyone with my choice of words , but clearly I have -- and for that I am deeply sorry . Words are important . I understand that , and will choose mine with great care going forward . " "  This is a mutual parting and we wish Alec all the best , " the MSNBC spokesman said Tuesday . Baldwin 's last clash with the paparazzi was not his first . He 's been photographed several times in the past two years expressing strong displeasure with persistent journalists trailing him with cameras . Alec Baldwin 's daughter defends him Actress guilty of stalking Alec Baldwin gets 210 days in jail	MSNBC and Baldwin 's rep confirm "  Up Late " is off the air Actor apologized after an angry outburst against a photographer last week "  This is a mutual parting and we wish Alec all the best , " MSNBC says
Defying warnings from the international community , North Korea launched a long-range rocket on Friday , but it broke apart before escaping the earth 's atmosphere and fell into the sea , officials said . "  It flew about a minute , and it flew into the ocean , " said Noriyuki Shikata , a spokesman for Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda . He added that Japanese authorities "  have not identified any negative impacts , so far , " though he said the international ramifications could be significant . "  This is something that we think is a regrettable development , " he said . Joseph Cirincione , president of the global security foundation The Ploughshares Fund , told CNN that the launch 's apparent failure "  shows the weakness of the North Korea missile program " and suggests that the threat from North Korea has been "  exaggerated . " "  It 's a humiliation , " he told CNN . "  I would n't want to be a North Korean rocket scientist today . " In an unusual admission of failure , the North Korean state media announced that the rocket had not managed to put an observation satellite into orbit , which Pyongyang had insisted was the purpose of the launch . In the past , North Korea has insisted that failed launches have been successful . "  Scientists , technicians and experts are now looking into the cause of the failure , " the official Korean Central News Agency said in a report , which was also read out in a news broadcast on state-run television . The United States , South Korea and other countries see the launch as a cover for a ballistic missile test . "  Our government strongly criticizes their action , " said South Korean Minister of Foreign Affairs Kim Sung Hwan . "  They have ignored the starvation of their people and spent money on missiles . It is very unfortunate . " NHK Television of Japan , citing an official with the Japanese Defense Ministry , said the rocket broke into four pieces before falling . The North American Aerospace Defense Command and U.S. Northern Command officials tracked the missile , which they identified as a North Korean Taepo Dong-2 missile . "  Initial indications are that the first stage of the missile fell into the sea 165 km west of Seoul , South Korea , " they said in a news release . "  The remaining stages were assessed to have failed and no debris fell on land . At no time were the missile or the resultant debris a threat . " The incident demonstrates an "  unblemished track record of failure , " said a U.S. official , who credited international sanctions for preventing Pyongyang from obtaining needed materials . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement that Pyongyang "  can expect a strong response from the international community if it continues to develop its missile and nuclear capabilities . " South Korea 's Yonhap Television News , quoting a South Korean defense ministry official , said debris appeared to have landed 190 to 210 kilometers off Gunsan 's west coast , near the Yellow Sea . The U.N. Security Council will meet Friday on the launch , two U.N. diplomats and a U.S. official told CNN . The meeting had previously been scheduled , U.S. officials said . At the United Nations , diplomats had warned that Pyongyang would face further isolation if it went ahead . The U.S. official said that , despite the launch 's failure , "  it will not change our response . " The White House press secretary , in a statement , said the failed launch "  threatens regional security , violates international law and contravenes its own recent commitments . " The statement added , "  North Korea is only further isolating itself by engaging in provocative acts , and is wasting its money on weapons and propaganda displays while the North Korean people go hungry . " "  This was supposed to be associated with  Kim Jong Un 's  ascension to power . So for this thing to fail ... is incredibly embarrassing , " said Victor Cha , former director of Asian affairs for the U.S. National Security Council and now a Georgetown University professor . Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said the rocket remained in the air for slightly more than a minute and did not affect Japanese territory . After the failure , the Japanese government held a security meeting . The launch occurred at 7:39 a.m. Friday , NORAD said . Immediately afterward , the South Korean military dispatched helicopters and ships in an attempt to find debris related to the rocket launch , according to YTN . When is a missile not a missile ? International leaders had urged North Korea to cancel the launch , but Pyongyang refused to back down , insisting the operation is for peaceful purposes . In Washington , White House spokesman Jay Carney had said the launch would be a "  significant and clear demonstration of bad faith " on the part of the North , making it impossible for the United States to follow through on the food-aid deal . South Korea described the planned move as a "  grave provocation " and said it would respond with "  appropriate countermeasures . " Meanwhile , the Philippines and South Korea ordered commercial planes and fishing boats to stay clear of the rocket 's proposed path . "  This launch will give credence to the view that North Korean leaders see improved relations with the outside world as a threat to the existence of their system , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said this week . "  And recent history strongly suggests that additional provocations may follow . " A recent report from South Korean intelligence officials said that North Korea is planning a new nuclear test in the area where it staged previous atomic blasts . The South Korean intelligence report noted that the two previous rocket launches that Pyongyang said were intended to put satellites into orbit were followed a few weeks or months later by nuclear tests . Rocket launch may provide intelligence windfall The last time Pyongyang carried out what it described as a satellite launch , in April 2009 , the U.N. Security Council condemned the action and demanded that it not be repeated . That rocket traveled 2,300 miles before its third stage fell into the Pacific Ocean . And in 2006 , a missile failed after about 40 seconds into flight . Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's U.N. ambassador , told reporters outside the Security Council chambers that members do n't have "  clear agreement " about what steps to take if the launch goes ahead . "  But one thing I can tell you : We have unanimity of understanding that if it were to happen , that would be a clear violation of two Security Council resolutions . " And Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , warned , "  Every time they go down a path such as this , their isolation intensifies , the needs of their people increase and they become more and more out of the bounds of the international community . That will be the case if they do so . " Meanwhile , Chinese Ambassador Li Baodong said countries need "  to do everything possible to defuse tension rather than inflame the situation there . " China is North Korea 's leading ally . The launch came amid North Korean preparations to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea who ruled the Communist state for more than four decades . His birthday on April 15 , known as the "  Day of the Sun , " is a key public holiday . On Wednesday , North Korea 's ruling Workers ' Party held a special conference that helped firm up the position of Kim 's grandson , Kim Jong Un , the secretive state 's new leader . Korean television showed a somber Kim standing beneath two towering statues of his grandfather and his late father , Kim Jong Il , while receiving applause from party functionaries and the military . Kim Jong Il was given the title of "  eternal general secretary " of the Workers ' Party , while Kim Jong Un was named the party 's first secretary . The title appears to be a newly created position that sets the stage for a virtual coronation of Kim Jong Un , says North Korea watcher Jonathan Pollack of the Washington-based Brookings Institution . "  Creating this new position is sort of like retiring a jersey number for a famous baseball player , " Pollack said . "  It shows a deference to his father and to the old guard , while still cementing his control on power . " North Korea announced other titles for Kim Jong Un , including making him a member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission . Kim Jong Un was already being described as the supreme leader of the party , state and army . But it is unclear how directly the young Kim , thought to be in his late 20s , is involved in policy decisions . The leadership transition bears similarities to the previous transfer of power from one generation of the Kim family to another . "  Kim Jong Il is now venerated at the same level as his father , buried in the same tomb , and they are making statues of them riding together on horseback , " Pollack said . "  But Kim Jong Un never got the on-the-job training his father did , so he may have this title to allow some mentoring or sharing power and decisions with his elders . "	North Korean state media say the launch failed to put satellite in orbit Short-lived flight never escaped the atmosphere , officials say U.N. Security Council will meet Friday on the matter Despite the launch 's failure , "  it will not change our response , " a U.S. official says
It is a stark and sobering fact of American life in the 21st century -- black , Hispanic and Native American boys and young men are less likely to graduate , stay out of jail and get a job than those who are white . Chances are greater they 'll grow up with a single parent or none at all , wo n't read well , and will get suspended or expelled from school or just drop out . Saddest of all , such statistics are n't new or particularly shocking in a society that has come to expect such class , racial and ethnic disparities . President Barack Obama launched his "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative three months ago to focus on solutions to such chronic and deep-rooted social ills . The initiative included a task force to examine the issue , and an invitation for businesses and foundations to help out . "  No excuses . Government , and private sector , and philanthropy , and all the faith communities , we all have a responsibility to help provide you the tools you need , " Obama told a group of black students in February when he announced the initiative . "  We 've got to help you knock down some of the barriers that you experience . " Transcript : Obama announces ` My Brother 's Keeper ' On Friday , the White House released the task force 's first report -- a recitation of the challenges faced by young black , Hispanic and Native American males struggling with a legacy of poverty and accompanying hardship , as well as ways to help them persevere and succeed . In a conference call with reporters , administration officials emphasized the initiative was n't a new government program , but instead sought to assess existing public and private efforts to assess what worked and could be expanded . The goal is "  sharpening what we do to make sure we are really maximizing the impact of the federal resources that we have , " said Cecilia Munoz , the White House director of domestic policy . Also maximized would be the participation and contributions of a growing segment of the American population , noted White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett , who said : "  It 's not only the right thing to do , it 's vital to the long-term strength of our communities and the economy of the United States . " She noted the Obama administration launched the White House Council on Women and Girls five years ago to focus on equal opportunity , and now the "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative sought to do the same for other historically disadvantaged demographics . The 60-page task force report identifies key milestones for predicting later success for a non-white boy or young man , including : Getting a healthy start in life and school Reading well by third grade Graduating from high school Completing post-secondary education or training Getting a job Staying on track and getting a second chance "  At each of these milestones , some individuals start to fall behind , " the task force report says . "  Once a young person falls behind , success becomes exponentially more difficult . " It presents a litany of statistics that amplify the magnitude of the challenge . Black , Hispanic and Native American children are more than twice as likely to live in poverty as white children . About two in three black children and one in three Latino children live with one parent , and those raised by single mothers are way more likely to drop out of school . Among black males 10 to 24 years old , homicide is the leading cause of death . And in 2012 , black males were six times more likely to be imprisoned than white males , while Hispanics were 2.5 times more likely . To respond to such disparities , Obama will call for Americans to commit themselves to long-term mentoring or tutoring programs to provide guidance and stability to children and young men of color , said Broderick Johnson , the White House Cabinet secretary who co-authored the task force report . Other focuses will be expanding access to quality pre-school and early education programs , eliminating expulsions and suspensions in early learning settings , and promoting literacy and reading programs , the task force report said . The initiative also includes investments expected to top $ 200 million from foundations and organizations involved in educational and social issues . Some of the wonky language of the report reflected the long-running programs , some public and some private , on which its recommendations and proposals are based . For reducing violence and providing boys and young men of color a second chance , its recommendation is to "  institutionalize community oriented policing practices in the field and employ methods to address racial and ethnic bias within the juvenile and criminal justice systems . " Translation : Improve coordination between federal , state , city and community leaders , as well as police and neighborhood groups , while reforming the juvenile justice system to keep kids and young men out of reform schools or jail cells and ensuring that those in prison have access to a quality education . Back in February , Obama spoke with rare candor about his own childhood in an effort to show that people from broken homes and other challenging backgrounds can succeed . "  I did n't have a dad in the house and I was angry about it , even though I did n't necessarily realize it at the time , " he said . "  I made bad choices . I got high without always thinking about the harm that it could do . I did n't always take school as seriously as I should have . I made excuses . Sometimes I sold myself short . " He compared himself to young men now who are growing up like he did . "  The only difference is that I grew up in an environment that was a little bit more forgiving . So when I made a mistake , the consequences were not as severe , " the President said . "  I had people who encouraged me , not just my mom and grandparents , but wonderful teachers and community leaders . And they pushed me to work hard , and study hard , and make the most of myself . And if I did n't listen , they said it again . And if I did n't listen , they said it a third time - and they would give me second chances and third chances . "  They never gave up on me , and so I did n't give up on myself . "	The President 's "  My Brother 's Keeper " task force issues its first report It cites six key milestones in growing up that predict future success The report urges mentoring , literacy programs and justice reforms The initiative includes investments of $ 200 million from private groups
CNN  -- The National Football League has sent a memo to all 32 of its teams , reminding players and league employees that female reporters should be treated professionally and with respect . The note comes on the heels of news that the New York Jets team is investigating allegations of harassment by team members toward television sports reporter Ines Sainz . The memo cites the NFL 's Media Relations Playbook , which states that "  by law , women must be granted the same rights to perform their jobs as men . Please remember that women reporters are professionals and should be treated as such . " Among other things , the playbook stresses that "  it is important to you and this organization that you present yourself to the media in a manner and style in which you yourself would like to be received and treated . " The memo also notes that "  barring individual members of the regularly accredited media ... for what is perceived as ` unfair coverage ' or any similar reason is not permitted . " It is still unclear what exactly happened when Sainz , from the Mexican network TV Azteca , entered the Jets locker room last Saturday after practice but Sainz told CNN 's Rick Sanchez on Monday that from the moment she entered , she felt all eyes were on her . "  I feel -LSB- a -RSB- little uncomfortable because evidently it is not easy to be in the locker room and hear and notice that everybody is speaking about you , " Sainz said . CNN was not able to contact anyone else in the locker room at the time but Sainz said that a female colleague took her aside and expressed concern and embarrassment for the situation she was in . But Sainz said she was just trying to focus on her job , and not the joking and talking going on behind her . "  But I really know that she heard something that I did n't hear , and the rest of the media that was inside heard things that I did n't hear , " Sainz told CNN . The Association of Women in Sports and Media spoke out Monday on Sainz ' behalf , calling for a sharp rebuke . "  If Jets players , coaches and staff allegedly involved in the incident are found to have acted in unprofessional and harassing behavior toward Ms. Sainz , we expect and demand reprimand and punishment by the NFL and Jets , " the association said in a statement . The Jets released a statement on Sunday saying , "  We will continue to work with the league to gather the facts and take any appropriate steps necessary to maintain a respectful environment for the media . " Sainz confirmed in her interview on CNN 's "  Rick 's List " that Jets team owner Woody Johnson called her personally to stress that all Jets members are expected to act professionally and to extend courtesy to members of media regardless of gender . Sainz told CNN that she accepted the apology from Johnson and that she also made a statement to the NFL about the incident . Although Sainz at first seemed surprised by the attention she was garnering , she told CNN that she does not believe this type of behavior is acceptable . "  I think that it 's not good that these kinds of things happen and it must n't happen anymore , " Sainz told CNN . "  Everyone knows that a woman or a man deserves the same treatment in the locker room . " CNN 's Chris Kokenes and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	The NFL is reminding players and other league employees that women journalists should be treated with respect The reminder comes in the wake of allegations that sports reporter Ines Sainz was harassed The NFL is also warning players that women reporters must be granted the same access as men Sainz received an apology from the Jets owner after an incident last Saturday
CNN  -- The tens of thousands of secret documents released this week by WikiLeaks.org do n't provide major new insights into the Afghanistan war , and the media response to the disclosures has been "  vastly overdone , " says analyst Fareed Zakaria . WikiLeaks released more than 75,000 U.S. military documents on Sunday after giving The New York Times , The Guardian and Der Spiegel an advance look at them . The disclosures prompted headlines around the world , focusing particularly on reports of ties between Pakistani military and intelligence officials and militant groups fighting NATO forces in Afghanistan . The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Tuesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : What do you make of the disclosures in the WikiLeaks documents ? Fareed Zakaria : I think the reaction has been vastly overdone . Frankly I think it was overdone by the three newspapers that published them and then by the rest of the media . This has been compared by almost everybody involved to the Pentagon Papers . They are in fact nothing like that . CNN : How were the Pentagon Papers different ? Zakaria : The Pentagon Papers was a secret report commissioned by the highest levels of government to assess how the war was going in Vietnam . What it revealed was that the government , at the very highest level , had been deceiving itself and the American people about the progress of the war , and that the war was in fact going much , much worse than the public had been led to believe . What the war logs show is nothing like that at all . They provide a lot of granular detail about the complexities of fighting a counterinsurgency war . CNN : What 's the major thrust of the war logs ? Zakaria : They effectively show you what Barack Obama was saying on the campaign trail for about a year , which -LSB- Sen. John -RSB- McCain largely concurred with -- which was that the war in Afghanistan had been badly fought in the years 2004-2008 , which is roughly when the logs date from , that it had been under-resourced from 2004-6 , that the Taliban had managed to come back ... and that one of the reasons it had been able to come back was the support of the Pakistani military . So all this was fairly well known . It does provide some richness and bears some little details such as the fact that the Taliban had been using heat-seeking missiles , which was reported but not widely reported . To me , that does n't add up to a basic change in what we know about the war . ... If these documents had not been marked "  secret " and someone presented you with that as reporting , at this point it would not even have made the front page . CNN : The head of WikiLeaks , Julian Assange , has suggested the documents may show "  war crimes " and said on the Larry King show Monday that "  we see events that are very suspicious . ... We see an incident in August 2006 where U.S. forces , in one report , kill 181 -LSB- of -RSB- what they say are insurgents . There 's one wounded and zero captured . " Zakaria : He cited one episode on the Larry King show . A lot of counterinsurgency warfare is being done by helicopters and drones , in which cases there are aerial bombardments . Yes there are high casualty rates in those cases , but unless he 's alleging that those people were civilians , unless he 's alleging something a little more specific , it 's very difficult to know what he means by isolating one incident and saying it 's suspicious . I 'm not ruling it out , I 'm saying it 's a pretty serious charge to make and he 's tossed it around rather cavalierly . CNN : What 's the impact of the release going to be ? Zakaria : I think the most specific impact is the issue of Pakistan ... the reality is that Pakistan 's interest and America 's interest are not the same . Pakistan has been maintaining its contact with these militant groups . The one thing that this report did is to provide enough detail on this set of problems that it 's essentially pretty undeniable and it also is very difficult now for the administration to deny that there is a huge problem here -- that the Pakistanis have been playing a double game . That part of it seems to shed light very centrally on the role of Pakistan . Again to be fair , the Obama administration came into power arguing that Afghanistan needed to be thought of as "  Afpak , " that Pakistan is very much part of the problem and part of the solution . And they have been working on that . It 's not an easy problem because we have limited leverage with Pakistan . CNN : Why ca n't the United States take a firmer stance with Pakistan ? Zakaria : If you were to shun and isolate them , it would probably strengthen even further their contacts with the militants . So I recognize that this is a thorny problem for any administration . But I do think it centrally highlights this problem , that you 're really never going to solve the Afghanistan problem as long as you have not just a safe haven across the border , but a safe haven in which the government on the other side is playing footsie with the terrorists . CNN : Regarding the Afghan war , you 've noted that CIA director Leon Panetta has said there are probably only 50-100 members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan now . How should that affect U.S. policy ? Zakaria : There 's no question that our efforts in Afghanistan are disproportionate . There are simply many cheaper and more cost effective ways to deal with the very real problem of al Qaeda and the potential for a reconstituted Taliban that would shelter al Qaeda . Those are both real threats but I think there are ways to deal with them short of a foreign troop presence of 150,000 and expenditures in the $ 200 billion a year range . That said , you ca n't switch this engagement off like a television set . There are 50 countries involved , NATO involved and the entire international community at some level involved . I think that what we have in place right now is a strategy that says Gen. -LSB- David -RSB- Petraeus -LSB- the top military commander in Afghanistan -RSB- is going to be given a year to try to stabilize the situation , and then a year from now we are going to begin a drawdown . I think that that 's perfectly reasonable . I do n't see any advantage to an immediate , precipitous drawdown that begins tomorrow . ... But I do think we need to start moving to rebalance American foreign policy . CNN : What do you mean by rebalancing ? Zakaria : We have simply spent far too much time in Iraq and Afghanistan . We are dealing there with the problems of the past . The problems of the future , the opportunities of the future , lie elsewhere in the world , in Asia and Latin America , and we should be spending more time and effort on those rather than on reorganizing the tribal relations between the Pashtuns and the non-Pashtuns in Afghanistan and and the Sunnis and the Shia in Iraq . These are pretty much the same problems the British were dealing with 100 years ago and they are not going to be amenable to a simple solution . We should stabilize things and then draw down .	WikiLeaks released more than 75,000 U.S. military documents on Afghan war Fareed Zakaria says comparison to Pentagon Papers was excessive He says the new documents show detail on things that had been known before Zakaria : U.S. efforts in Afghan war are out of proportion to the threat , should be reduced
CNN  -- Pro Football Hall of Famer George Blanda , who racked up more than 2,000 points in a record 26-year career , has died at age 83 , the Oakland Raiders announced Monday . A quarterback who doubled as a placekicker , Blanda retired in 1975 at age 48 . During stints with the Raiders , the Chicago Bears , Baltimore Colts and the Houston Oilers , he scored a then-record 2,002 points , including 236 touchdown passes . Blanda died after a brief illness , the Pro Football Hall of Fame announced . Blanda was the NFL Player of the Year in 1970 , the season that a string of last-minute touchdown passes or field goals led to a string of Raiders wins and one tie in five straight games . Raiders owner Al Davis , a personal friend , once called him "  the greatest clutch player the game of pro football has ever known . " "  Our heart goes out to his wife Betty and the Blanda family , and we grieve with them for our great friend , " the team said .	Blanda spent 26 seasons in pro football He racked up more than 27,000 passing yards and 236 touchdowns
CNN  -- A lawyer for Howard K. Stern says the longtime partner of late sex symbol Anna Nicole Smith will fight conspiracy charges announced Thursday . Krista Barth , an attorney for Howard K. Stern , says it 's not appropriate to talk publicly about details of the case . Stern was Smith 's "  chief enabler , " obtaining a variety of prescription drugs to keep the former Playboy model sedated and compliant , California Attorney General Jerry Brown said in announcing the charges against Stern and two doctors . Lisa Bloom of In Session and guest host Joy Behar questioned Stern 's attorney Krista Barth Friday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " BEHAR : Did Howard see this all coming ? BARTH : No , we did not see this coming . We knew that there was obviously the raid earlier on Dr. -LSB- Sandeep -RSB- Kapoor 's office . But this was something that we honestly never expected . Watch part of the discussion " BEHAR : Well , they are very serious charges . There are so many counts here , eight felonies . Will he plead not guilty ? What 's he going to do ? BARTH : Well , he will plead not guilty because he is not guilty . BEHAR : Now , the attorney general , Jerry Brown , called Stern "  the principal enabler " in what he says was a conspiracy among three individuals . Do you have a reaction to that ? BARTH : I think it 's reminiscent of what happened at Duke . I do n't think that this was something that should have been stated in a public forum . I think it 's contrary to the rules of professional conduct regarding trial publicity . And you have to wonder why such a statement was made . But to say that something like that would not bias my client is beyond me . I ca n't even be -- I ca n't even venture a guess . BLOOM : Krista , the difference , though , between the Duke case and this case is that we know that she had at least 11 different medications in her system , the very same medications that are in this criminal complaint . We know that she was taking these drugs for years . We saw her zoned out of her mind with the slurred speech on her reality show and every awards show . So it was pretty common knowledge that Anna Nicole was an addict . And I think your client has even admitted that . There 's a substantial amount of evidence here . It does n't mean your client is guilty . But I think it 's enough to raise eyebrows so that ever since she 's died , people have wondered : How did she get all of those medications ? How was it possible that doctors were giving her all that stuff ? BARTH : The most basic tenet of our judicial system is that Mr. Stern is presumed innocent . ... And the concern that I have is that the public nature of the statements by the attorney general in the state of California is a bit troubling . And when I make the analogy to the Duke case , I think you 're missing the point , in that that was done during an election campaign . There are sometimes political motivations for things that are done . You have to ask why is this case important to so many when what Attorney General Brown is talking about is a pervasive , over-prescription of prescription drugs . BEHAR : How much responsibility do the tabloids have in this case ? I mean , it really was all over the place . BLOOM : I think that 's going to be part of the defense , that they got prescriptions under false names because the tabloids were after her and they wanted every detail and she wanted some privacy . And as a celebrity , she may be entitled to that . I think that may be a valid defense as to why they were under false names . But there 's no defense that I can see why thousands of pills . BEHAR : Krista , where did she get thousands of pills ? BARTH : Well , you know what ? Discussing the details of this is not appropriate . I think that the most important thing to focus on here is the way that our judicial system is supposed to work . I mean how often does that happen , that we 're talking about a situation , you are not supposed to say , and I 'm quoting here , something that you know reasonably should , or reasonably should know will have a substantial likelihood of materially prejudicing an adjudicative proceeding in this matter ?	California attorney general 's comments are prejudicial , lawyer says Brown saying too much about Anna Nicole Smith case , Krista Barth says Barth is attorney for Smith 's ex-partner , Howard K. Stern Stern , two others charged with conspiring to supply Smith with drugs
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A tell-all book by a former "  Girls Gone Wild " photographer alleges that Paris Hilton once smuggled illegal drugs into Europe using a cigarette box hidden inside her body . Hilton 's representative did not comment on the book 's allegation when contacted by CNN Wednesday . A copy of "  Flash ! Bars , Boobs and Busted -- 5 years on the Road with Girls Gone Wild " was filed as an exhibit in the publisher 's response to a lawsuit aimed at stopping its sale on Tuesday . The lawsuit described the "  Girls Gone Wild " video series as "  filming real college coeds reveling in spring break . " The video series ' founder , Joe Francis , filed suit in Los Angeles Superior Court in July accusing his former employee , Ryan Simkins , of violating confidentiality agreements with the book . "  Simkins agreed orally and in writing not to disclose confidential information or speak publicly in a manner that could harm the reputation of Mr. Francis or the Girls Gone Wild enterprise , " his suit said . Simkin 's legal response contended he was not bound by any confidentiality agreement . "  To the extent the parties previously may have agreed that the defendant would not write about plaintiffs , that agreement was waived by plaintiffs , " the response said . The book became available online Tuesday despite the lawsuit , according to the publisher 's lawyer . Publisher 4th Street Media , named as a co-defendant , submitted the book as an exhibit in a court filing on Tuesday . An excerpt of the filing obtained by CNN described a purported encounter between Simkins and Hilton , who was naked in her dressing room during a photo shoot in Los Angeles . Hilton was about to fly to Europe to meet Francis , whom she was dating at the time , he wrote . Simkins wrote that he was delivering a Camel cigarette package filled with cocaine and Ecstasy to Hilton at the request of Francis : "  I took out the Camel box and handed it to her , and she thanked me . We talked for a minute or two about the apparent difficulty of procuring those drugs in Europe . I asked if she was flying private , and she said , ` No , commercial . ' And then as politely as I could , I asked her how she planned on traveling with that amount of blow and X. "  She held the box in her right hand , and then with an underhand swoop like a lower case J , she demonstrated exactly how she intended to beat airport security . She even whistled as she did it . " He then describes how she placed the box between her legs and into her body . Hilton was arrested in Las Vegas , Nevada , on a cocaine possession charge last month .	The book was written by a former "  Girls Gone Wild " cameraman The "  Girls Gone Wild " creator is suing the book 's author and publisher Hilton has not responded to the drug allegation
Washington  CNN  -- Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius spoke out against bullying Wednesday at a middle school in Washington during a premiere of the anti-bullying documentary "  Speak Up . " The documentary , set to air Sunday on Cartoon Network , consists of interviews with children who say they were bullied in school and includes strategies on how to bring an end to bullying . Cartoon Network is owned by Turner Broadcasting , the parent company of CNN . Sebelius told students gathered at Stuart-Hobson Middle School that bullying is simply unacceptable , "  You should n't ever have to go to class with an empty feeling in your stomach , trying to figure out what was going to happen in that class . You should n't be afraid to eat in the cafeteria . You should n't be afraid to speak up in class . That happens to too many kids too many days of the week , " Sebelius told the students . Before part of the documentary was screened , students watched a taped message from President Barack Obama in which he said bully prevention is important to him both as the president and as a father . "  Bullying is not a rite of passage or a harmless part of growing up , it 's wrong , it 's destructive and we can all prevent it . I care about this issue deeply , not just as the president but as a dad , " Obama said in the message . After the documentary screening , a panel consisting of bully prevention experts , the president of Cartoon Network and some victims of bullying discussed bully prevention . CNN Anchor Don Lemon moderated the discussion . To demonstrate how prevalent bullying is , Lemon asked the students in the auditorium whether they had been victims of bullying ; about half of them raised their hands . While Sebelius acknowledged there 's only so much the federal government can do to prevent bullying , she did say its prevention is a basic human right . "  Every child in this country has a right to feel safe , " Sebelius said . "  Speak Up " will air Sunday at 5:30 p.m. on Cartoon Network with an encore presentation at 8 p.m.	HHS secretary attends premiere of anti-bullying documentary "  Speak Up " "  You should n't be afraid , " she tells middle-schoolers Bullying is n't "  a harmless part of growing up , " president says in recorded message The documentary 's first airing will be 5:30 p.m. Sunday on Cartoon Network
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is promising a more aggressive approach to containing Ebola in the United States . A second worker with Ebola at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital is identified as a 29-year-old nurse . The nurse flew on a Frontier Airlines flight Monday , before showing signs of the disease , and the CDC is trying to contact all passengers aboard the flight . With multiple developments underway , here 's what you need to know to get caught up on the latest in the Ebola outbreak : U.S. DEVELOPMENTS President Obama promises more aggressive approach After the second Ebola infection at a Texas hospital , President Barack Obama announced Wednesday : "  We 're going to make sure that something like this is not repeated , and that we are monitoring , supervising , overseeing in a much more aggressive way exactly what 's taking place in Dallas , initially , and then making sure that the lessons learned are then transmitted to hospitals all across the country . " The President also said he 's "  absolutely confident that we can prevent a serious outbreak of the disease in the United States , " but said it 's harder to do as the disease rages out of control in Africa . CDC forms Ebola response team Obama said the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's new rapid response team will help hospitals that do n't have experience with Ebola . "  I think what we 've all learned over the last several weeks is that folks here in this country in a lot of nonspecialized hospitals and clinics do n't have that much experience dealing with these issues . So we 're going to have to push out that information as aggressively as possible , " Obama said . "  We will put a team on the ground within hours , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said earlier . Such a team , Frieden said , might have prevented Dallas nurse Nina Pham from contracting the disease . Second Texas worker tests positive A second health care worker at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas who provided care for Thomas Eric Duncan has tested positive for Ebola . The worker has been identified as nurse Amber Vinson , 29 , according to officials at the CDC . Vinson was transferred Wednesday to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta for treatment and is "  ill , but clinically stable , " the CDC said . Ebola patient flew on a Frontier Airlines flight Vinson flew from Cleveland to Dallas on Monday on Frontier Airlines Flight 1143 , the day before she was confirmed to have Ebola and in violation of a CDC order . Health care workers exposed to Duncan can travel , but not on a commercial airline , Frieden said . A statement from the airline said Vinson displayed no symptoms or sign of illness during the flight . CDC is trying to contact passengers The risk to passengers aboard the flight with Vinson is low , according to the CDC , because she was n't showing any symptoms of Ebola , but officials want to interview all 132 passengers who were on the plane . The CDC said it wants to speak only with people aboard the Monday evening flight , and not the flight Vinson took to Cleveland on Friday , October 10 . Frontier Airlines Flight 1143 flying again Frontier airlines removed Flight 1143 from service after learning about the Ebola patient . The plane was back in service Wednesday after undergoing a decontamination process , said Ricky Smith , Cleveland 's director of Port Control . Kent State University takes Ebola precautions Three employees who work at Kent State University are related to Vinson , according to the university . The college , out of an abundance of caution , has asked Vinson 's "  family members to remain off campus for the next 21 days and self-monitor per CDC protocol , said Dr. Angela DeJulius , director of university health services at Kent State . DeJulius stressed Vinson , a Kent State graduate , "  did not step foot on our campus " during her Ohio visit . Recuperating nurse is doing better The first Dallas health care worker with Ebola , Pham , is in "  improved condition , " Frieden said Wednesday . She is receiving treatment at Texas Health Presbyterian and it 's unclear whether she may be moved to another facility . Obama participates in international video conference Obama stressed the need for "  a faster and more robust international response to the Ebola epidemic and underscored the need to increase assistance and international contributions " to the West African nations at the epicenter of the outbreak : Liberia , Sierra Leone , and Guinea , according to a White House statement . Officials with Britain , France , Germany and Italy participated in the call Wednesday . Major allegations against Texas hospital The guidelines were constantly changing and "  there were no protocols " at Texas Health Presbyterian , the co-president of National Nurses United said . It 's here that Ebola patient Duncan died , and two nurses contracted the virus caring for him . Protective gear that nurses initially wore left their necks exposed , they felt unsupported and unprepared , and they received no hands-on training , nurses union co-president Deborah Burger said . The hospital said compliance and employee safety are its priorities . Should Duncan have been moved ? Duncan should have been transferred immediately to either Emory University Hospital in Atlanta or Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha , an official close to the situation said . Those hospitals are among only four in the country that have biocontainment units and have been preparing for years . "  If we knew then what we know now about this hospital 's ability to safely care for these patients , then we would have transferred him to Emory or Nebraska , " an official said . Military reservists could be activated to fight Ebola The Obama administration is expected to announce Thursday that it will authorize the Pentagon to call up reservists to help with the United States ' effort at fighting Ebola in West Africa , according to an administration official . The Pentagon has the authority to send up to 4,000 troops to the region to help battle the crisis . New York Police Department issues Ebola directive New York police officers received a directive on how to identify potential Ebola patients and what to do if they come into contact with an infected person , an official with the New York Police Department told CNN . The instructions describe symptoms of the illness , how to interact with the potential victim , the importance of wearing protective gear and how to dispose of it . Complete coverage of Ebola WEST AFRICA DEVELOPMENTS Expect 5,000 to 10,000 new cases The World Health Organization estimated that there will be 5,000 to 10,000 new Ebola cases weekly in West Africa by the first week of December . As of Tuesday , there had been 8,914 cases and 4,447 deaths , but WHO said the total is underreported . The mortality rate in the outbreak is 70 % , WHO said . U.S. troops battle invisible enemy in Liberia IN OTHER COUNTRIES U.S. seeks use of Spanish bases The United States is seeking permission to use Spanish bases to help in transport and logistics support for the U.S. military mission to help fight Ebola in West Africa . American transit and logistics flights have already been approved case-by-case by Madrid , but Washington hopes for a more blanket agreement . A spokesman for Spain 's Defense Ministry told CNN 's Al Goodman that Spain has approved some flights from its Rota naval base and Moron air base to West Africa , but not yet any return flights from West Africa . The Spanish defense minister is scheduled to meet U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel in Washington on Friday . Spanish nurse 's assistant serious but better Teresa Romero Ramos , a nurse 's assistant in Spain who showed Ebola symptoms after treating an Ebola patient at her Madrid hospital , still is in serious condition , but doing better , officials said this week . Romero spoke to her husband by phone for 10 minutes , family friend Teresa Mesa told reporters . Romero has been drinking water , and doctors are hopeful about her condition , Mesa said . Spanish authorities are monitoring more than 80 potential Ebola cases : 15 in hospitals and the rest at home , according to the Spanish Ministry of Health . None of them is showing symptoms of Ebola , the ministry said Tuesday . CNN 's Dana Ford , Catherine E. Shoichet and Anna Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	President Obama promises a more intensive response to the Ebola crisis New Texas Ebola patient identified as Dallas nurse Amber Vinson Vinson flew from Ohio to Texas aboard a commercial flight on Monday Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is trying to contact passengers
Washington  CNN  -- Venezuela routinely violates human rights , often intimidating or punishing citizens based on their political beliefs , an Organization of American States commission said in a report released Wednesday . The 319-page report by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says a lack of independence by Venezuela 's judiciary and legislature in their dealings with leftist President Hugo Chavez often leads to the abuses . "  The report finds that not all individuals are ensured full enjoyment of their rights irrespective of their positions on government policies , " the human rights panel said . "  The commission also finds that the punitive power of the state is being used to intimidate or punish people on account of their political opinions . The commission believes that conditions do not exist for human rights defenders and journalists to be able to freely carry out their work . " Chavez 's critics say his government represses political opponents and the expression of free ideas by jailing critics on trumped-up charges or pulling licenses for TV and radio stations and shutting down newspapers . The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington did not immediately answer telephone and e-mail messages seeking comment . The OAS commission 's report also notes "  the existence of a pattern of impunity in cases of violence , which particularly affects media workers , human rights defenders , trade unionists , participants in public demonstrations , people held in custody , ` campesinos '  small-scale and subsistence farmers  , indigenous people , and women . " The report gives credit to Chavez 's government for observing citizens ' rights with regard to economic , social and cultural matters . But that does not give the government permission to trample human rights , the panel said . Read the IACHR report "  The commission emphasizes that observance of other fundamental rights can not be sacrificed for the sake of realizing economic , social and cultural rights in Venezuela , " the report states . The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights is an autonomous panel created by the OAS . The commission consists of seven independent members who act in a personal capacity , without representing a particular country . They are elected by the OAS General Assembly .	Report : Judiciary and legislature lack independence in dealings with president "  Punitive power of the state " is used against political opponents , report says President Hugo Chavez 's critics cite trumped-up charges , punishing of media Chavez credited for observing rights regarding economic , social , cultural matters
There could be few who would begrudge JB Holmes his eventual victory in the Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow Sunday . The American has had to battle back from double brain surgery in 2011 and career-threatening injuries two years later , only regaining his full power and long-hitting ability this season . All the hard work paid off as the overnight leader carded a final round 71 for 14-under 274 -- winning by a shot from Jim Furyk , who carded a superb last round 65 , with another American , Martin Flores , a shot further back . It was his first win since the FBR Open in 2008 -- the year he played in the winning U.S. Ryder Cup team -- and first top three finish since 2010 . A host of golf 's big names were set to mount a challenge , but U.S. Open champion Justin Rose of England could not advance with a closing 71 and finished fifth , while Phil Mickelson slumped to a four-over 76 to close on seven-under-par . Zimbabwe 's Brendon de Jonge was left to rue his first round 80 after which he made a stunning recovery , equaling the course record with a 62 to make an unlikely cut and then closing with weekend rounds of 68 and 69 . It left him tied for sixth on nine-under , a remarkable comeback , and one shot clear of former champion Rory McIlroy , who closed with a 70 . McIlroy was also left to rue his second round 76 , which undermined his challenge , but again showed signs he was returning to the form he showed in 2012 when he went to the top of the rankings . But it was Holmes who came out on top , keeping his nerve in the face of a determined challenge from veteran Furyk , having the luxury of being able to finish with a last hole bogey -- holing the winning putt from four feet . The 32-year-old from Kentucky developed vertigo in 2011 and had to have a piece of his skull removed to treat the condition . An allergic reaction to the operation saw him back in surgery just a month later . Last year Holmes broke his left ankle while rollerblading and also had elbow surgery on his left elbow and had to battle back again to full fitness .	JB Holmes wins Wells Fargo Championship Overnight leader finishes with 71 for 14-under 274 Holmes had double brain surgery in 2011 Phil Mickelson fades to final round 76
Fast Company  -- Amazon just revealed its own specially curated version of the Android Marketplace , but has chosen to label it the "  Appstore . " Apple , in turn , has now sued Android for trademark violation . The move is a not-so-subtle shot across Amazon 's bows . The suit was filed last week , but has emerged at more or less the same time as Amazon 's official unveiling Tuesday of its Android Appstore -- Amazon 's version of the free-for-all Google Android Marketplace that , on launch , contains 3,800 apps . It will operate under similar constraints , controls and profit sharing with developers as Apple 's version , in the hopes that it will be distinguished from other Android app markets by being "  safer " and containing higher quality apps . But it 's the name Amazon 's chosen  the Amazon Appstore  that 's got Apple rattled . Apple filed a trademark protection over the phrase "  App Store " after the release of the iPhone 3G , making what an independent observer may deem a sensible business move -- especially since the App Store is now earning Apple a slight profit , and its archive of apps for iPhone and iPad  and now the Mac too  is an incredibly potent advertising lever . As a result , the computer giant is now suing to prevent Amazon from using the phrase "  Appstore " in any way , including marketing , and is also seeking damages . The accusation is that it 's a direct trademark infringement that may "  confuse and mislead customers " according to an Apple spokesperson , which is the kind of half-true legal phrase often trotted out in cases like this . The App Store label is a big bone of contention to many folk at the moment . Back in January , Microsoft postured against Apple 's trademark , and has asked the USPTO to void Apple 's trademark request on the grounds that the phrase " ` app store ' " is generic for retail store services featuring apps and unregistrable for ancillary services such as searching for and downloading apps from such stores . " Microsoft was moving to protect its plans for Windows Phone 7 app store sales , and seemed ignorant of the irony in its request -- as you may recall , MS 's best-selling product is dubbed "  Windows , " which would definitely seem an arbitrary label and has a very precisely-defined generic use in computing environments that long predates MS 's use of it . But what 's Apple really trying to do here ? One may suspect that Apple is actually mostly peeved that Amazon is trying to leverage off Apple 's own successful brand to push sales of a rival smartphone and tablet PC platform -- Android . The two companies have a complex friend-and-foe relationship , and Amazon 's Kindle e-book reader app is prominent in the iPad  and iPhone  App Stores , while its Kindle e-reader device is almost pitched as a direct competitor to the iPad . The move to defend Apple 's trademark indicates that Apple will act to aggressively protect its App Store ecosystem from challengers , which may include any plans Amazon has to expand its Google Android efforts . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	The name Amazon 's chosen -- the Amazon Appstore -- has got Apple rattled Apple filed a trademark protection over the phrase "  App Store " Back in January , Microsoft postured against Apple 's trademark
CNN  -- Four men accused of involvement in a foiled terrorist plot against Western targets went on trial Wednesday in Germany . Fritz Gelowicz appears in court on April 22 in Dusseldorf , northern Germany . Three of the men -- two Germans and a Turk -- were arrested in September 2007 . Authorities said they had begun mixing a huge amount of explosive material that could have resulted in a strong blast , bigger than the attacks in Madrid in 2004 and London in 2005 . The three -- Fritz Gelowicz , Martin Schneider , and Adem Yilmaz -- are charged with membership in foreign and domestic terrorist groups , preparation of explosives , plotting to murder , and plotting to commit a crime using explosives , the court said . Schneider is also accused of attempted murder , the court said . The fourth person , identified in German media reports as Attila Selek , is a German citizen of Turkish descent . The German magazine Der Spiegel said prosecutors are still searching for a fifth man they believe played a central role in the alleged plot . The trial is taking place at the Higher Regional Court in the northern city of Dusseldorf . When Gelowicz , Schneider and Yilmaz were arrested , they were found with sophisticated and difficult-to-obtain detonators , authorities with knowledge of the arrests have said . U.S. interests in Germany were among the targets of the plot , Michael Chertoff , who was the U.S. homeland security secretary , said at the time . Gelowicz and Schneider are Germans who converted to Islam . Gelowicz was a leading member of a radical Islamist center in Ulm in southern Germany and was well known to German authorities , officials said . The trial could last up to two years , Der Spiegel reported . The trial 's paperwork reportedly fills some 530 folders and the prosecution plans to call 219 witnesses , the magazine said . A little-known Uzbek militant group , the Islamic Jihad Union , claimed responsibility for the plot days after the arrests . It said the intention was to target both U.S. and Uzbek targets , said German Interior Ministry spokesman Christian Sachs . German authorities had said the three men trained at the group 's camps in northern Pakistan . The group said it wanted to target the United States ' Ramstein Air Base and other U.S. and Uzbek military and diplomatic installations in Germany , Sachs said . Another of the group 's goals , he said , was to force Germany to stop using an air base in Uzbekistan as a stopover point for moving equipment and personnel into and out of northern Afghanistan . The group is believed to have ties to al Qaeda . The Islamic Jihad Union was unknown until April 2004 , when it conducted a series of suicide bombings in Uzbekistan , killing 47 people , according to the Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism , a non-profit organization funded by the Department of Homeland Security .	Authorities : Men had been preparing a huge amount of explosive material Could have caused bigger blast than attacks in Madrid in 2004 and London in 2005 U.S. interests in Germany were among the targets of the plot Uzbek militant group , Islamic Jihad Union , claimed responsibility for the plot
CNN  -- Human remains discovered in the Utah desert belong to a young male and are not a missing 28-year-old mother , authorities said , a grim discovery that fuels the mystery and opens a new case . The fate of Susan Powell , who disappeared in 2009 , is still unknown . The remains discovered in Tooele County over the weekend belonged to a young man , Sheriff 's Detective Lt. Travis Scharmann said . Scharmann said the state medical examiner is working to determine the cause , time and other circumstances of his death . In addition to Powell , authorities must now determine what happened to the man whose remains were found in the same region on Sunday . They were " badly decomposed and scattered throughout a wide area , possibly by wild animals , " according to a news release from the sheriff 's office . An attorney found the bones in the area where his family owns ranch property . Investigators will likely dig for more body parts , Bill Manion , a medical examiner for Burlington County , New Jersey , told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Monday . "  The most important bones that they can find are the jaw and mandible , part of the skull , because if we have the teeth , we can be very , very accurate in identification , " Manion said . Meanwhile , the search for the missing woman continues . Josh Powell says he last saw his wife on a cold December night in 2009 as he and his two young sons left to go camping in the Tooele County desert area . Powell 's sister reported her as missing . A month later , Powell and his children moved to the state of Washington . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	The fate of Susan Powell , who disappeared in 2009 , is still unknown The remains discovered over the weekend belong to a young man , police say The grim discovery fuels the mystery of the missing woman
Editor 's note : How would you rate President Obama 's first 100 days ? You 'll get a chance to make your opinion known at 7 p.m. ET Wednesday on the CNN National Report Card . Supporters say President Obama is tackling an aggressive agenda , while critics say he 's leaving Republicans behind . CNN  -- More than two years ago , a junior senator with presidential aspirations stood on the steps of Illinois ' Old State Capitol in Springfield and warned of politicians who fail to live up to expectations . "  Too many times , after the election is over , and the confetti is swept away , all those promises fade from memory , and the lobbyists and the special interests move in , and people turn away , disappointed as before , left to struggle on their own , " then-Sen . Barack Obama said as he announced his intentions to pursue the Democratic nomination . Now , after 100 days in office , observers are asking the same of him : Has President Obama lived up to the expectations that candidate Obama created ? "  What Obama has successfully done is keep his persona intact , which is a man of deep family values and a core moral center . And I think that people are learning to trust Obama that when he talks , he 's not just articulate , but he 's shooting straight , " said presidential historian Doug Brinkley . Obama won the White House campaigning on a message of hope and a promise of change . As he emerged a frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , he pushed an ambitious agenda , vowing to overhaul health care , education and energy policy . But as the severity of the economic meltdown took hold and Obama moved into the White House , his inspirational rhetoric was injected with a sobering dose of reality . Obama encouraged patience and cautioned that , "  change does n't happen overnight . " In his first 100 days , Obama laid the groundwork for many of his campaign promises and faced criticism that he 's trying to do too much . "  Nobody will ever be able to accuse him of being an idle man during his first 100 days , " Brinkley said . "  He 's clearly showing himself to be a progressive in the tradition of Franklin Roosevelt , John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson , with the moral core of Jimmy Carter . " So far Obama is showing himself to be "  the same guy that we had on the campaign trail , " Brinkley said . Given the items on his agenda , Obama is living up to expectations , CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said . "  The public is patient and is not expecting to see a quick turnaround in the economy , " he said . "  I count 10 major items -- jobs , health care , education , energy , housing , banks , automakers , deficit reduction , taxes and the war in Afghanistan . Plus , a pledge to take up immigration reform and climate change in the near future . Any one of those things would be a significant agenda , " he said . But some Republicans say the president has failed when it comes to his pledge to reach across the aisle . After Democrats moved ahead with a $ 787 billion stimulus bill that garnered no Republican support in the House and just three Republican votes in the Senate , "  That 's when it became clear to me that all of this post-partisan talk and working down the middle and working together was a ruse , " said John Boehner , House minority leader . Obama 's approval ratings remain high -- hovering around 65 percent . Those numbers are on par with where President Reagan and President Carter stood at this point in their presidencies . But one year later , their approval ratings dropped to about 40 percent . Obama has maintained his popularity , Republican strategist and CNN contributor Mary Matalin said , but he 's lost support from Republicans and some independents "  because what he is not is what he was perceived to be in the campaign -- a centrist . " Schneider said Obama 's agenda -- which includes massive government spending -- represents a challenge to the Republicans ' core principle of smaller government . Republicans have n't responded to Obama 's outreach , and "  it 's causing serious political damage to their party , he said . Watch : Is bipartisanship dead ? " Obama is not personally polarizing in part because he is cautious about divisive social issues , "  but his economic policies are very divisive , " Schneider said . "  Obama is the mirror image of Bill Clinton ... Voters either loved him or hated him , " he said , noting that after his first two years , Clinton 's policies became more moderate and consensus driven . The National Republican Senatorial Committee last month released an ad accusing Obama of backpedaling on numerous campaign promises , calling him out for signing a spending bill with thousands of earmarks , mishandling the AIG bonus scandal and failing to rein in government spending . PolitiFact , a Web site that has been keeping track of Obama 's campaign promises , reports that Obama has kept 27 promises , compromised on seven , broken six , stalled on three , has 67 in the works and has yet to take action on another 408 . But one Republican who broke ranks to endorse Obama and also spoke at the Democratic convention says he 's had no regrets . "  As president , in surprisingly short order , he has moved rather decisively to implement new directions , " said former Iowa Rep. Jim Leach , who served as a Republican member of the House for 30 years . And on areas where Obama has n't been 100 percent in line with his campaign promises -- such as softening his stance on NAFTA and slightly extending his timeline for troop withdrawal -- Leach said Obama is making adjustments "  in a very appropriately adaptive way . " "  It is inconceivable that a thinking individual can agree with the president or anyone in public office 100 percent of the time , " he said , adding that he thinks Obama has some prospect of "  potentially going down as one of the great presidents in American history . " Rep. Lincoln Davis , D-Tennessee , who declined to endorse Obama before his party 's convention , said Obama has met expectations thus far . "  I think every person who runs for office -- whether it 's a local office , statewide office , runs for president -- we all have ideas , we all have visions , we all have a hope , " Davis said . "  But then acting on those is sometimes more difficult than others . But I do believe the president , during the campaign , made his visions known ... and I think he has certainly lived up to those . " Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ed Rollins said if he were a Democrat , he might give Obama an "  A " on his performance . "  I think the guy has had a great start . He 's pushing an agenda that obviously he ran on . He 's lived up to most of his promises . You know , he 's a big personality , and I do n't diminish that , " he said . "  I think the country wants a president they feel comfortable with . A long , hard path ahead , and hopefully , some of the stuff he 's thrown out there will work because we 're spending a ton of taxpayers ' money , " he said , noting that as a Republican he gives Obama a "  B. " Brinkley said it 's somewhat unfair to hold the president to a 100-day litmus test because "  it takes a while to get settled in . " "  He 's doing a lot of bold things for as short a period of 100 days , " he said , pointing specifically to Obama 's economic bailouts . But , he said , there 's the large caveat that only time will tell how these bold moves will play out .	As a candidate , Obama campaigned on a message of hope and change "  Nobody will ever be able to accuse him of being an idle man , " historian says GOP strategist says Obama not acting like the centrist he was during the campaign Obama 's agenda represents a challenge to GOP principles , analyst says
CNN  The Pueblo Chemical Depot will begin destroying the United States ' largest remaining stockpile of chemical weapons Tuesday in southern Colorado . There are 2,611 tons of World War II-era mustard agent at the Pueblo depot . Here are nine things to know about these chemical weapons and how we got here : 1 . First use : April 22 marks the 100th anniversary of the first use of chemical weapons in modern warfare at Ypres in Belgium . 2 . Huge production : From World War I to 1968 , the United States produced nearly 40,000 tons of chemical weapons . These weapons were either nerve agents or blister agents . 3 . Scary stuff : Mustard agent is a blister agent , which can cause skin redness and itching , eye irritation , scarring , and an increased risk for lung and respiratory cancer . 4 . Into the sea : From 1967 to 1970 , the U.S. Army disposed of thousands of chemical warfare agents and ammunition into the sea as part of Operation Cut Holes and Sink 'Em  CHASE  . 5 . No more : Congress passed a law in 1972 known as the Marine Protection , Research and Sanctuaries Act prohibiting this kind of dumping . 6 . Date of destruction : In 1997 , the United States ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention Treaty and agreed to destroy all of its chemical weapons by April 29 , 2012 . 7 . Work not done : 90 % of the U.S. stockpile -- 30,500 tons -- was destroyed by the treaty date in 2012 at depots in Alabama , Arkansas , Indiana , Maryland , Oregon , Utah and Johnson Atoll in the Pacific . The remaining 10 % -- close to 3,100 tons -- is at two sites in Colorado and Kentucky . 9 . Do n't burn it : Residents in Colorado and Kentucky protested the use of incineration to get rid of the chemical weapons stockpile . The process of neutralization was adopted . 8 . Pueblo 's stockpile : The Pueblo Chemical Depot has about 780,000 shells containing mustard agent . 9 . The last one : The Blue Grass Army Depot in Richmond , Kentucky , will have the remaining chemical agent stockpile , which is a fifth of the size of the one at Pueblo Chemical Depot . But the Kentucky site has a larger variety of chemical weapons , including nerve agent .	On Tuesday , the Pueblo Chemical Depot will begin to destroy the largest stockpile of chemical weapons in the U.S. Here are nine facts to know about chemical weapons
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber settled a legal dispute with a former bodyguard who had accused the pop star of attacking him backstage at a concert . Moshe Benabou filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court in January 2013 accusing Bieber of hitting him during a "  tirade " in October 2012 . "  The tirade was apparently triggered by what Justin Bieber perceived as an attempt by Moshe Benabou to keep one member of Mr. Bieber 's entourage physically away from Justin Bieber , " the lawsuit said . "  As part of this tirade , Justin Bieber repeatedly punched Moshe Benabou in the chest and upper body area . Mr. Benabou did not retaliate or attempt to protect himself out of his concerns for Justin Bieber 's physical well-being . " The lawsuit could have gone to trial in Los Angeles later this month if it had not been settled . "  The matter has been resolved to the satisfaction of both parties , and the case has been dismissed , " Bieber lawyer Howard Weitzman told CNN Monday . Bieber , 19 , was arrested last week in Toronto , accused of assaulting his limousine driver in December . He also faces charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving on an expired license after being stopped by police in Miami Beach , Florida , last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering whether to charge Bieber with felony vandalism in the egging of his neighbor 's house on January 9 , 2014 .	Moshe Benabou accused Justin Bieber of hitting him during a "  tirade " in October 2012 "  Justin Bieber repeatedly punched Moshe Benabou , " the lawsuit said Bieber 's lawyer : "  Resolved to the satisfaction of both parties and the case has been dismissed "
CNN  -- What do aluminum sheeting and life insurance have in common ? Very little unless you 're Kumar Mangalam Birla , industrialist and CEO of Aditya Birla Group , the India conglomerate with companies that produce the metal for car manufacturers and the insurance for those who will drive them , as well as a raft of other commodities , products and services . At 43 , Birla is one of India 's richest men , inheriting control of the company in 1995 that was founded by his father , and has increased the overall turnover from $ 2 billion to $ 29 billion by 2010 . Birla hopes to more than double that figure by 2015 . "  I know that sounds audacious but to put it in context , we were a little under $ 10 billion four years ago , " he says . "  So we have a track record of doing audacious things . I generally believe that the quality of your future is entirely dependent on the quality of your imagination . " Running a company is in Birla 's blood -- the family business itself goes back four generations - but he admits that when it was his turn to become chairman after the unexpected death of his father , it was a trying time . "  It  was a very difficult time , emotionally ... I was pretty much in a fishbowl , as you can imagine . I was only 28 , limited experience but a lot of exposure , high quality exposure , to the world of business . The only thought in my mind was to carry forward his work . I decided that I would just put my head down and hang in there and just keep at it . " Apart from a family tradition of being business-minded , Birla has continued the legacy of largesse as Aditya Birla give 3 % of its net profits to charity . "  It is this whole philosophy of trusteeship , of plying back part of your profits in terms of giving back to society . So the social arm ... is run with the same rigor and intensity and precision as our businesses are . Essentially we work out of 3,000 villages and the work that we do touches about 7 million people every year . " While he continued family traditions in the company , Birla has displayed a keen eye when it comes to acquisitions , overseeing the purchase of 20 companies across the world , boosting revenues and , he hopes , India 's image as an emerging business heavyweight abroad . "  I think the India story is now much better known the world over , I think India as a nation is far more respected , " he says . "  It 's gained the respect of people as an intellectual powerhouse , as a serious business destination , as people who are a very enterprising lot . I think it 's the sheer spirit of enterprise that Indians bring to the table . "	Kumar Mangalam Birla is one of India 's wealthiest industrialists His company , founded by his father , makes an annual turnover of $ 29 billion Believes social role of his company should be as rigorous as business ideas
CNN  -- A Russian court denied parole for Maria Alyokhina , a jailed member of the Pussy Riot punk band , state news agency Itar-Tass said Thursday . Alyokhina and her defense team plan to appeal the Berezniki City Court 's decision , the news outlet said . The rock musician was sentenced to two years in prison in August for performing a song critical of then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in an Orthodox cathedral last year . Report : Russia clamping down on free speech Alyokhina had been barred from attending a parole hearing in person , and participated in a Wednesday court proceeding via teleconference from prison . She told a the court Wednesday she was on hunger strike because she was not allowed to appear in person . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , another band member , also received a two-year sentence in August for performing the song . Yekaterina Samutsevich , a third member of the band , was sentenced at the same time . But she was freed from prison last October .	A Russian court denied parole for Maria Alyokhina , a jailed member of Pussy Riot Alyokhina and her defense team plan to appeal the Berezniki City Court 's decision She said she was on hunger strike because she was not allowed to appear in person
New Delhi  CNN  A diamond merchant has plunked down $ 691,890 to buy India 's most famous suit . The suit owned by Prime Minister Narendra Modi got tongues wagging when he wore it to a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama last month . Dubbed one of the world 's most expensive suits , it sold at an auction Friday . It cost a cool 43.1 million rupees , Surat District Magistrate Rajender Kumar said . The suit is a popular icon . In addition to belonging to Modi , it had his name embroidered in golden pinstripe all over it . That had the whole nation cackling about an outrageous fashion faux pas . Wearing it while meeting Obama made the sartorial choice even more provocative . Opposition leaders accused him of being narcissistic , one politician even labeled him a "  megalomaniac . " Much of the Indian public was n't too pleased either , questioning his image of a humble man he proudly portrayed during the 2014 general elections . The infamous monogrammed suit went on auction with bidders from all over the country tussling for the prized possession . Its original price was U.S. $ 16,084 - and officials expected it to shoot up into the hundreds of thousands of dollars . The proceeds of this year 's auction are supposed to go toward Modi 's ambitious pet project of cleaning India 's holy river , the Ganges . The suit was just one of the 455 items up for grabs . Other items include gifts and mementos that Modi received from foreign dignitaries and national leaders . According to organizers , the auction which is being held in Modi 's home state of Gujarat has been extremely successful . "  There is a lot of interest among the general public , and we are seeing multiple bids for a lot of items , " Kumar said . Modi held similar auctions when he was the chief minister of Gujarat and raised funds for the education of young girls in the state .	Proceeds of the auction go toward cleaning of India 's holy river The suit is considered one of the world 's most expensive
CNN  -- The conversion therapy center being sued by gay men who paid the counselors to make them straight vowed it would continue to "  assist those with unwanted same-sex attractions . " "  The lawsuit is without merit , and is designed to create a chilling effect upon speech and programs that assist people in overcoming unwanted same-sex attractions , " a statement from JONAH -- Jews Offering New Alternatives for Healing -- said Thursday . Four former JONAH clients , who were teens when they signed up for help , filed a consumer fraud lawsuit against JONAH and two of its counselors Tuesday , saying they were defrauded by JONAH 's claim that "  being gay is a mental disorder " that could be reversed by conversion therapy -- "  a position rejected by the American Psychiatric Association four decades ago , " the lawsuit said . "  This is the first time that plaintiffs have sought to hold conversion therapists liable in a court of law , " said Samuel Wolfe , a lawyer with the Southern Poverty Law Center . The SPLC , an Alabama-based civil rights group , is providing legal aid to the plaintiffs . Their lawsuit should put all conversion therapists on notice that they can be held accountable , Wolfe said . The SPLC has identified 70 conversion therapy providers across the United States . A California law signed by Gov. Jerry Brown last month made it illegal for licensed counselors to use the therapy with clients under 18 . JONAH co-director Arthur Goldberg said the position that people 's sexual orientation can be changed by therapy is not contradicted by the latest statements from the American Psychiatric Association , but he did not give any examples . "  We remain steadfast in our commitment to assist those with unwanted same-sex attractions , " Goldberg said in a statement to CNN Thursday . "  There are thousands of people who have shed their unwanted same-sex attractions , not only through our programs , but also through other similar programs . " In an interview Thursday with the Family Research Council 's Washington Watch Radio , Goldberg said he was optimistic that JONAH has "  a very strong case and we should be able to emerge victorious . " The lawsuit , filed in Hudson County , New Jersey , Superior Court , said conversion therapy , which can cost up to $ 10,000 a year , can put patients at risk of "  depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior , " while giving them no benefits . Plaintiff Sheldon Bruck was 17 when he sought Goldberg 's help in 2009 . He wanted to assure his orthodox Jewish parents there was a way out of homosexuality when he told them he was gay . Goldberg promised Bruck that "  JONAH could help him change his orientation from gay to straight , " the suit said . Jo Bruck , Sheldon 's mother , and Bella Levin , the mother of plaintiff Chaim Levin , are also plaintiffs because they paid for their sons ' conversion therapy and the counseling the suit said they needed to recover from it . The conversion therapy techniques described in the suit included having them strip naked in group sessions , cuddling and intimate holding of others of the same sex , violently beating an effigy of their mothers with a tennis racket , visiting bath houses "  in order to be nude with father figures , " and being "  subjected to ridicule as ` faggots ' and ` homos ' in mock locker room scenarios . " "  As long as you put in the effort , you 're going to change , " Goldberg told Bruck , the lawsuit said . JONAH counselor Thaddeus Heffner blamed Bruck 's gay orientation "  on Bruck for not working hard enough to change , on his father for being too distant , and on his mother for being too close to him , " the suit said . Bruck quit after five sessions , delivered through an online video link , because he "  experienced deepening depression and anxiety leading to suicidal ideation and feelings of hopelessness about his life , " the suit said . Heffner angrily warned Bruck that he was "  making a big mistake " and "  throwing  his  life away " by "  giving into  his  desires " and that he would "  never lead a happy life , " but would "  lead a life of unhappiness in that unhealthy lifestyle , " the suit said . Chaim Levin , also an orthodox Jew , was about to turn 17 in 2007 when he talked to his parents about his sexual orientation and sexual abuse when he was younger . A rabbi in his Brooklyn , New York , community suggested to his parents that they enroll him in JONAH 's program . "  You can change if you just try hard enough , " the suit said Goldberg told him . "  You just need to work really hard , we are experts at this . We have helped so many people . " Levin attended weekly sessions for 18 months at JONAH 's Jersey City , New Jersey , headquarters conducted by Alan Downing , an unlicensed JONAH counselor who calls himself a "  life coach , " the suit said . Downing is named as a defendant in the case . "  I was manipulated into believing that I could change my sexual orientation , but instead I was subjected to terrible abuse that mirrored the traumatic assault that I experienced as a young person , " Levin said at a news conference Tuesday . "  What I can tell you is that conversion therapy does not work . My family and I have wasted thousands of dollars and many hours on this scam . " The lawsuit described what happened in one of those sessions in October 2008 with Levin , who was 18 at the time . "  Downing initiated a discussion about Levin 's body and instructed Levin to stand in front of a full-length mirror and hold a staff , " the suit said . "  Downing directed Levin to say one negative thing about himself , remove an article of clothing , then repeat the process . Although Levin protested and expressed discomfort , at Downing 's insistence , Levin submitted and continued until he was fully naked . Downing then instructed Levin to touch his penis and then his buttocks . Levin , unsure what to do but trusting in and relying on Downing , followed the instructions , upon which Downing said ` good ' and the session ended . " Two other plaintiffs -- Benjamin Unger and Michael Ferguson -- described similar incidents in the suit . "  On one occasion , Downing instructed Unger to beat an effigy of his mother with a tennis racket , as though killing her , and encouraged Unger to scream at his mother while beating her effigy , " the suit said . "  Conversion therapy was , in Unger 's experience , ` psychological abuse , ' " it said . "  By the time he terminated sessions with JONAH , he was deeply depressed and had commenced taking antidepressant medications . " Downing "  picked apart every human emotion and childhood disappointment " of Unger , to present them as treatable origins of Unger 's orientation , the suit said . "  I watched as grown men were frenzied into fits of emotional rage against their mothers and encouraged to act out physical violence against their parents in order to access their so-called true manhood and become more heterosexual , " Ferguson told reporters Tuesday . Unger 's ability to have physical and emotional relationships with men was impaired and he was unable to work for a year , the suit said . Bruck , Levin , Unger and Ferguson are "  adjusting well " four years after their last conversion therapy treatments , according to Wolfe . "  They have had time to get on with their lives , " he said .	Thousands "  have shed their unwanted same-sex attractions , " JONAH director says "  We remain steadfast " in delivering conversion therapy , counselor says Center defrauded teens by saying "  being gay is a mental disorder , " lawsuit says Therapy causes "  depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior , " lawsuit says
CNN  -- A University of Pittsburgh research professor accused of killing his wife with a lethal dose of cyanide pleaded not guilty Tuesday , according to Mike Manko , spokesman for the Allegheny County District Attorney 's office . Robert Ferrante was extradited from West Virginia to Allegheny County Jail in Pennsylvania on Tuesday morning , where he later appeared via video conference at his arraignment , according to the Allegheny County district attorney 's office . The arraignment lasted only five minutes . Ferrante pleaded not guilty in the death of his wife , Autumn Klein , 41 , former head of women 's neurology at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , according to the district attorney 's office . Several preliminary hearing dates have been set for early next month regarding the custody of Ferrante and Klein 's 6-year-old daughter , Cianna , who is in the care of her maternal grandparents , the district attorney 's office said . Hearings have also been set regarding Ferrante 's assets . Before his arrest on July 25 , Ferrante was a researcher and professor of neurological surgery at the University of Pittsburgh . Part of his job included managing a laboratory where he conducted clinical trials using various drugs and chemicals , according to a criminal complaint . Several text messages sent between the couple before Klein 's death in April suggest that Ferrante urged Klein to try using creatine to get help her get pregnant , according to the complaint . CNN Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen reports that some people use creatine to build up muscle and may have some medicinal value , but that there is no connection between increased fertility and creatine use . A source close to the case told CNN : "  One of the theories the prosecution will work off of is that the cyanide was mixed with the creatine that Ferrante was urging his wife to take . " One day before Klein fell ill , Ferrante had used his University of Pittsburgh credit card to place an overnight order for more than a half a pound of cyanide . At the time the order was placed , there were no active projects at Ferrante 's lab that involved the use of cyanide , according to the complaint . Cyanide is a naturally occurring toxic substance that can be found in seeds of various plants . It is widely distributed throughout research laboratories as a chemical used in scientific experiments . Cyanide interferes with the ability of the body to use oxygen to produce energy , which can lead to rapid death . "  Cyanide in low doses will make you dizzy , you 'll start breathing rapidly , but if you get it in big doses , it can actually make you stop breathing and that 's what kills you , " Cohen said . On April 17 , Allegheny County 911 dispatch received a call from Ferrante requesting medical assistance for his wife , who he said was possibly having a stroke , the complaint read . He described her condition as "  conscious and breathing , but not alert . " When paramedics arrived , they found Klein on the floor of the kitchen with a plastic bag containing creatine . Klein died on April 20 . In a statement made to detectives shortly after being informed of Klein 's death because of cyanide poisoning , Ferrante said , "  Why would she do that to herself ? Who would do this to her ? " according to the complaint . A neighbor of the couple told CNN on Tuesday that nothing seemed amiss to her . "  I 've never seen anything to suggest they were anything but a happy couple with a beautiful little girl , " Blithe Runsdorf said . She said the family had just gotten back from a trip to Puerto Rico and that they had never seemed happier . Runsdorf added that after his wife 's death , Ferrante "  acted like a guy who had everything pulled out from under him . " Ferrante 's defense attorney , William Difenderfer , told CNN Tuesday that his client is "  devastated not only for losing his wife but being accused of it . " After a nationwide manhunt , Ferrante was arrested on July 25 in West Virginia . He has also been placed on immediate and indefinite leave , according to University of Pittsburgh spokesman John Andrew Fedele . Ferrante will appear in Allegheny County Court on September 23 for a preliminary hearing regarding the criminal homicide case . Another neighbor to the couple said the community is concerned about the welfare of the couple 's daughter , whom he described as "  essentially an orphan now . " The neighbor said it was "  no secret " in the neighborhood that Klein wanted to have another baby . However , Klein told the neighbor 's wife that Ferrante did not want another child , said the neighbor , who asked not to be identified . He called the whole situation "  a tremendous shock " and added that this was not the kind of case where someone could say , "  Oh , there was a lot of fighting . " He said he was aware of none of that . He described the couple as "  dedicated and hard-working " and their daughter as "  bubbly . " "  They were hustling and trying to manage a family and the demands of the American Dream , " the neighbor said . Allison Malloy , Poppy Harlow , Sho Wills , Erinn Cawthon and Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	NEW : The wife wanted another baby , a neighbor says Client is "  devastated not only for losing his wife but being accused of it , " lawyer says Robert Ferrante pleads not guilty at arraignment in Pennsylvania His wife , 41-year-old Autumn Klein , died on April 20
Washington  CNN  -- Broadcast television networks won an important constitutional fight Thursday when the Supreme Court said government regulators imposed unfair punishment for isolated profanity and sexual content during evening "  prime time " hours . In an 8-0 vote , justices concluded the Federal Communications Commission can not enforce its current policies against "  fleeting " expletives and nudity on over-the-air programs , both live and scripted . The agency had levied hefty fines on all four major broadcasters beginning nearly a decade ago . The court 's ruling was narrow , as the justices declined to address whether the regulations violate free-speech protections guaranteed under the First Amendment . But it does establish important guidelines the government must follow when monitoring explicit content on the airwaves . "  The commission failed to give Fox or ABC fair notice prior to the broadcasts in question that fleeting expletives and momentary nudity could be found actionably indecent , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority . The Justice Department had filed an appeal , and helpfully provided the justices with a DVD of a 2003 episode of the now-canceled "  NYPD Blue " on ABC in which a naked woman was shown . The content of that program is central to the current legal dispute . ABC , CBS , NBC and Fox are all parties in the case . A federal appeals court last year for a second time struck down the government policies , concluding they were vague and inconsistently applied . Pending sanctions against the broadcasters were dismissed . Controversial words and images have been aired at times in scripted and unscripted shows on all the major over-the-air networks in the past eight years , dating back to when the FCC began considering a stronger , no-tolerance policy . The policy became known as the Golden Globes Rule , for singer Bono 's 2003 acceptance speech at the live awards show on NBC , where he uttered the phrase "  really , really , f -- ing brilliant . " The commission specifically cited celebrities Cher and Nicole Richie for potty-mouth language in the 2002 and 2003 Billboard Music Awards , which aired live on Fox . Richie , in an apparent scripted moment said , "  Have you ever tried to get cow s -- t out of a Prada purse ? It 's not so f -- ing simple . " Opinion : FCC should clear Limbaugh from airwaves While concluding the broadcasters ' due process rights were violated when they were not given fair notice , the court did not foreclose future enforcement . "  This opinion leaves the commission free to modify its current policy , " Kennedy wrote , "  in light of its determination of the public interest and applicable legal requirements . And it leaves the courts free to review the current policy or any modified policy in light of its content and application . " Justice Sonia Sotomayor did not participate in the decision , since she had heard the case when serving on a federal appeals court in New York , before joining her current job . A separate appeal involving singer Janet Jackson 's "  wardrobe malfunction " and brief partial nudity on national television is pending at the high court . The justices are likely to throw the case back to the lower courts , in light of Thursday 's ruling . The FCC said it would begin to immediately implement the policy . "  As a matter of good governance , it is now time for the FCC to get back to work so that we can process the backlog of pending indecency complaints -- which currently stands at just under 1.5 million involving about 9,700 TV broadcasts , " said Commissioner Robert McDowell , "  Some of these complaints date back to 2003 . We owe it to the American public and the broadcast licensees involved to carry out our statutory duties with all deliberate speed . " There was no immediate reaction from the broadcasters in the Fox and ABC cases . But a group opposing stricter government control over TV applauded the high court 's ruling . "  Today 's decision by the Supreme Court re-emphasizes what we have been advocating all along : That parents , not the government , are the best arbiters of what their children should be watching on TV , " said TV Watch 's executive director , Jim Dyke . "  In the one-third of American homes with children , parents have tools such as the V-chip and content ratings to help them make decisions about what their children watch based on the age of the child and their family 's tastes and values . " Middle finger ` malfunction ' mars Super Bowl halftime show The high court two years ago ruled in favor of the FCC on the issue of "  fleeting expletives , " concluding federal regulators have the authority to clamp down on broadcast TV networks airing isolated cases of profanity . The court , however , refused both at that time and now to decide whether the commission 's policy violates the First Amendment guarantee of free speech , ruling only on the agency 's enforcement power . The Justice Department , in this appeal , lumped both the expletives and nudity cases together , saying the court should decide the free speech questions as one . Explicit language is heard with greater , albeit varying , frequency on cable television , the Internet , and satellite radio , which do not use public airwaves . But the federal government is charged with responding to viewer complaints of "  indecent " language and images on broadcast television and radio , which is subject to greater regulation . That is especially relevant during daytime and early evening hours , when larger numbers of families and younger viewers may be watching . The commission formally reversed its policy in March 2004 to declare even a single use of an expletive could be illegal . In addition , a voluntary rating system is used by all television networks to warn viewers when material that might be offensive will be aired . Much of the enforcement debate centered around the ABC television stations fined $ 27,500 each for airing the "  NYPD Blue " episode featuring a woman with her breasts and buttocks exposed . Another source of contention is whether broadcast radio and the TV networks -- ABC , CBS , Fox , NBC , and the CW -- should receive treatment differing from their satellite and cable cousins regarding content . Most broadcast stations are part of the basic cable packages people buy , and just 10 % of the population receives its TV signals only through the airwaves . But the government countered that 69 million television sets are not connected to cable or satellite , and that broadcasting is the medium of choice for children . The Supreme Court first ventured into the broadcast speech debate in 1978 , when it ruled as indecent a monologue by comedian George Carlin on society 's taboo surrounding "  seven dirty words . " The bit had received some radio airplay . The justices said "  context " should be applied when deciding whether words or images are "  indecent . " The major broadcast television networks say their scripted shows no longer air nudity , racy images or expletives , even after 10 p.m. , when some potentially vulgar words are permitted . Time Warner -- the parent company of CNN -- filed a supporting amicus brief in the high court dispute two years ago . The company is part owner of the CW broadcast network and operates several cable networks . The case is FCC v. Fox Television Stations  10-1293  .	The Supreme Court blocks FCC policies against "  fleeting " expletives and nudity The commission failed to give networks fair notice of punishment , the ruling says A federal appeals court had concluded the policies were vague and inconsistently applied
