CNN  -- Officials said a British Airways jet had to be evacuated Friday at a Phoenix , Arizona , airport after smoke was reported in the cabin . British Airways Flight 288 , headed to London 's Heathrow Airport , had departed the gate for the runway , but returned after passengers detected odors strong enough to cause alarm , said Capt. Shelly Jamison , spokeswoman of the Phoenix Fire Department . The Boeing 747-400 was next to the terminal when emergency chutes flew open for the 298 passengers to evacuate , officials said . About 100 firefighters and emergency medical personnel were dispatched to Phoenix 's Sky Harbor International Airport about 8 p.m.  11 p.m. ET  , she said . Jamison said about 15 people suffered injuries , mainly cuts and bruises . She also said a person experiencing shoulder pain was taken to a local hospital . Firefighters used a thermal imaging camera , but could not determine a source of a fire , Jamison said . Jamison said the smoke may have been caused by electrical problems . The airlines ' engineering staff was examining the aircraft and the staff in Phoenix was assisting stranded passengers with hotel rooms , British Airways spokesman Richard Goodfellow said .	London-bound plane was evacuated Friday after smoke reported in cabin Passengers , crew used emergency chutes to leave plane Officials still trying to determine what caused smoke on plane
CNN  -- Pandora is making some noise about its future plans . Pandora Media aims to eventually expand its internet radio service to other countries and move into areas beyond music , such as news , talk and sports . The long-term goals , along with illuminating details about the company 's financials and adoption rates , were outlined in a proposal for an initial public offering filed on Friday . The service , currently focused exclusively on music , is all about catering to each listener 's unique tastes . After signing up for an account , users can type in the names of favorite bands , and Pandora will create a customized radio station that spins similar songs . But there are limitations , such as the number of tracks by a single musician that can be played during a set period . While Pandora suggested that music will remain its core focus , the new filing shows that the company is looking to other areas for growth . "  Many radio listeners are drawn to sports , talk , news and other forms of content beyond music , " the company wrote . "  We think there is an opportunity over the long term to offer these types of content in addition to music . " Pandora founder Tim Westergren named these as possible areas the service could cover in the future , he said in a little-seen video posted in August 2009 . Offering news , talk and sports content is "  something that we 've talked quite a bit about as a company and something we intend to deliver to listeners eventually , " Westergren said . Not surprisingly , the service would personalize programming for each person . In this case , the ZIP code tied to your account or information from your phone 's GPS could trigger the service to provide local news or updates about a hometown sports team . "  I think one of the very interesting things about doing that in an internet radio is we actually will know something about where you are , " he said . "  So we 'll be able to deliver sports , weather , news that 's actually relevant to your particular area . " Opening the service up to regions outside the United States is another long-term goal , the company said . Spotify , another streaming music service that has a radio personalization component , has quickly dominated in the areas of Europe that it operates in . The company is planning a U.S. expansion , which it projects will launch in "  coming months . " While Spotify already has a tight-knit relationship with Europe 's music executives and has spent the last couple of years entrenched in negotiations with U.S. publishers and labels , Pandora 's ties to the industry are n't as tight . Pandora licenses the more than 800,000 tracks it has rights to play from a government agency , not directly from publishers . In Pandora 's IPO proposal , the company also included statistics about its rise . More than 80 million people have registered to use the service . On average , a user has created 17.5 stations , logged feedback in the form of 100 thumbs up or down song ratings , and listens to more than 10 hours per month . Pandora generates much of its revenue from advertising but has yet to turn a profit .	Pandora plans to eventually launch in other counties and offer sports , talk and news This information , along with illuminating stats , was included in an IPO filing Pandora has 80 million registered listeners
CNN  -- No budget for a new computer in this recession ? It 's a common malady these days . A self-admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network . But this does n't mean you have to suffer along with substandard performance from your system just because it 's got more dust on its cover and less hard drive space than that shiny floor model you 've been drooling over at the local Fry 's . Will an '09 Ford Escort outpace a '67 Mustang in a drag race ? If the Mustang 's been neglected and allowed to rust away in the back yard for the past decade , then ... probably . If it 's been babied and protected from the elements , then it 's not even a fair contest . Like any machine , a well-maintained car or computer will surprise you , no matter its age . In our modern consumer culture , it 's not surprising that many people are under the impression that newer always means better . Yesterday 's top-shelf computer is as disposable as a Taco Bell spork , and what cost $ 3,000 four years ago is now surpassed by technology that did n't even exist -- for any price then -- for a comparable pittance . We 're conditioned to kowtow to the expectations of obsolescence . Why settle for less , manufacturers will ask coyly , when we could have so much more -- interest-free for six months if we just sign up today ? I 'm here to tell you that even if you do n't have the riches to get your dream setup today , you do n't have to settle for less than what yesterday 's perfect computer can offer . Here 's a list of things that could help keep you and your machine playing nicely together for a while until you can save up enough pennies for tomorrow 's offerings . It may be your software that 's slow -- not your computer . Check for driver and version updates either at your computer manufacturer 's Web site or through the list of software you use frequently ; see if new drivers or versions are available . If you 've been using the same programs for a year or two , it 's likely that such updates are available , and those updates could result in noticeable performance improvement . The future of the desktop is on the Web , where there 's little  if anything  for you to install to  and slow down  your system . For this reason , I recommend moving as many of your activities to the Web as possible . Many of today 's Web sites are built with rich JavaScript frameworks , which enable amazing in-browser experiences for everybody . If you can , begin accessing and managing your email from the Web rather than the desktop . If you use more than one computer on a regular basis , this is likely what you 're doing anyway . A lot of people I know swear by Google 's Gmail  especially for its pretty good spam-filtering capabilities  , but you have many options -- and most of them are free . At the risk of seeming Google-centric , I have to point out that it 's even possible to manage basic documents and spreadsheets online -- once proprietary to bloated Microsoft Office products -- for free with Google Docs . And sharing the data from these applications for collaboration with friends and coworkers has never been easier . If you 're still using Internet Explorer , stop ! Please , stop . It 's not fast -- not by today 's standards . You 're better off with a newer build of Firefox or possibly Google Chrome or Safari  my personal favorite  . External hard drives are a good way of keeping transient data off your computer 's core hard drive , which should give your operating system some extra room to do its job more efficiently . Another option takes us back to the Web -- you can often get an online backup plan that will remove your valuable data not only from that main hard drive , but also from your computer 's immediate vicinity . If a calamity  whether human-created or , as insurance companies like to say , an "  act of God "  befalls your household , your data will be safe in a sanctuary far , far away and not melted on that physical , external hard drive next to that poor old computer we 've been trying to save ! Instead of downloading music and storing it indefinitely , consider paying for a music/content subscription service instead . There 'll be less data bogging down your computer , less stuff for you to manage , and you 'll have access to so much more content . Comparably minor hardware upgrades like more RAM or better video cards will likely make a major difference in your old system 's performance . A second monitor is one way I 've found of , if not making my computer more productive , at least making my interaction with the computer more productive . Doubling your screen real estate is a great way of getting the most out of the information that your computer 's giving you without having to switch back and forth between pages on a smaller , single-screen setup . Make sure your video card supports this option ; if not , there are USB converters that might help overcome this obstacle . See ? Your old computer , treated with care and respect , can still make that pan-global road trip on the Information Superhighway . It just needs a careful hand on the wheel and a steady toe on the pedal to maximize its potential : That New Computer Smell on an Old Wallet Budget .	Here 's how to squeeze the most performance out of your older computer It may be your software that 's slow , not your computer ; check for updates Move as many of your activities , such as e-mail , to the Web as possible If you 're still using Internet Explorer , stop ! You 're better off with a newer build of Firefox
CNN  -- His trial 's over . And now it turns out that George Zimmerman might need the same thing millions of Americans are looking for : a job . As Zimmerman and his legal team mounted their defense , they convinced people across the country to donate hundreds of thousands of dollars to help him . Living expenses , bodyguards and expert witnesses were costly , they argued on websites set up to raise money in the case . So what 's next , now that a jury has acquitted him ? For the 29-year-old Florida man , the financial picture is cloudy . Critics have already accused Zimmerman of profiting from the case . Will the donations keep pouring in ? Will he win a monetary reward in his defamation lawsuit against NBC ? Could he cash in on his personal story with a book or movie deal ? Beyond the legal costs , Zimmerman 's attorney says the case has come at a high price . Fear for his safety has made him live off the grid for months . "  I do n't know how he gets a job where he is out in public , " Zimmerman 's lawyer Mark O'Mara said , "  without having the fear of somebody finding out where he works . " Expert to Zimmerman : Pick a new career path Before he shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in February 2012 , Zimmerman had studied criminal justice . He applied to become a police officer in Virginia in 2009 , but was rejected due to bad credit , according to testimony in his trial . Even with more money in his bank account , that career path should n't be on the table anymore , an expert told CNN . "  That is the absolute worst thing you can do , " said reputation management counselor Mike Paul . "  It might be your old passion ; you need to find a new passion . And it needs to be helping people in a very different way -- a way that is much more compassionate , not just involving law enforcement . " So far , Zimmerman 's lawyers and family have been tight-lipped about his next steps . O'Mara describes his client as a marked man , arguing that his options are limited due to death threats he faces . "  The first time that he got out of jail , he slept a lot . I think he is going to have to take a lot of time to relax , to center himself , to get used to his new reality , which is a free man , exonerated , " brother Robert Zimmerman Jr. told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Sunday . "  And he is going to have to take his own steps as he sees fit , whatever brings him the best result . " Whatever he does , his brother said , it will have to be under the radar . "  As he engages the world , as anyone in his situation would , without restrictions , " Robert Zimmerman said , "  he 's going to have to learn to move about in a very low-profile way and keep to himself . " Race perhaps simplest disagreement in Zimmerman post-trial interviews Donations fueled defense , led to wife 's arrest But online , at least , being low-profile has n't exactly been Zimmerman 's style . Through websites set up for his defense , he raked in hundreds of thousands of dollars . One site , gzdefensefund.com , raised more than $ 330,000 in just over a year , according to a spokesman for Zimmerman 's lawyer . That 's in addition to about $ 200,000 Zimmerman raised on his own through a PayPal account before O'Mara took the case . Where did that money go ? A summary on the website gives examples of how Zimmerman spent some of the donations : $ 95,000 for bail bond , about $ 56,000 for security and a whopping $ 61,747.54 for living expenses over an eight-month period . "  If $ 61,747.54 sounds like a lot of money for living expenses for 8 months -- you are right , " the website says . "  It 's more than most people earn in a year . Most of George 's living expenses for the first several months were allocated to providing a safe , secure place for George and his wife , Shellie , to live . " At one point after his arrest , the site says , Zimmerman was hiding out in a location that was so remote that it cost $ 2,500 to connect a phone line . Raising hundreds of thousands of dollars from supporters for your case is a good thing , right ? Well , it was n't for Shellie Zimmerman , who now faces a perjury charge . Prosecutors allege she lied when she told a Florida judge during a bail hearing for her husband in April 2012 that the family was indigent . In fact , they argue , George Zimmerman actually had about $ 135,000 at the time . She 's pleaded not guilty , and has a court date in the case scheduled for next month . Even if donations keep pouring in , Zimmerman should n't necessarily take all the money he 's offered , said Gene Grabowski , a crisis public relations manager . "  He 's got to be careful to avoid the appearances of creating more divisions by accepting money or support openly from groups that , maybe , that would create more friction because of the tenor of this case , " he said . "  He 's got to be careful about who he associates with afterwards , even if they are offering financial support . " Despite outrage , federal charges uncertain in case What about a book ? A juror in the high-profile case has already inked a deal with an agent for a possible book . Could a book or a made-for-TV movie be in Zimmerman 's future ? Last week HLN 's Nancy Grace said a multimillion-dollar book for Zimmerman would probably be in the offing . And that possibility is already drawing sharp criticism . In an editorial titled "  Zimmerman 's acquittal should n't lead to riches , " The Philadelphia Inquirer argued Monday that Zimmerman is "  likely to be offered millions through lucrative book and movie deals . " "  It would be a shame , " the newspaper said , "  if the unnecessary death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin produced more paydays for the man who fatally shot the unarmed black teenager in the heart during a scuffle . " Civil lawsuits surge to the forefront Even with the criminal trial over , Zimmerman still is likely to face several legal battles . Activists are pushing for the federal government to file civil rights charges against him . And it 's possible Martin 's family will file a civil wrongful death case , which could threaten Zimmerman 's pocketbook . They have n't said yet if they will . That could be more likely , some analysts say , if it appeared Zimmerman was profiting from the case . A book or movie deal could make Zimmerman more vulnerable to a wrongful death suit , criminal defense attorney Randy Reep told USA Today . And then there 's another case that Zimmerman started , suing NBC Universal over edited versions of a 911 call Zimmerman made . That lawsuit alleges that NBC deliberately edited an audio tape of his 911 call to make Zimmerman sound racist . "  Because of NBC 's deceptive and exploitative manipulations , the public wrongly believes that Zimmerman ` use  d  a racial epithet ' while describing Martin during the call to the dispatcher on that fateful night , " the suit says . NBC Universal has disputed the accusations . "  There was no intent to portray Mr. Zimmerman unfairly , " the company said last year . "  We intend to vigorously defend our position in court . " The lawsuit says Zimmerman is seeking "  damages in excess of the jurisdictional limit , " but does n't specify a dollar figure . Zimmerman 's brother says the family is focusing on getting a fresh start . But so far , the verdict has n't put a stop to debate over the controversial case . And it 's unclear what that could mean for Zimmerman 's cash flow . CNN 's Thom Patterson , David Mattingly , MaryLynn Ryan , Gustavo Valdes , Chris Cuomo and Kate Bolduan , HLN 's Graham Winch and In Session 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Trayvon Martin 's killer , George Zimmerman , wo n't likely find a safe job , his lawyer says Zimmerman has collected hundreds of thousands of dollars Zimmerman 's wife faces a perjury charge for allegedly lying about their financial situation Zimmerman has sued NBC Universal , but has n't specified a dollar figure
HOUSTON , Texas  CNN  -- A comic-book character popular in Mexico for generations has run into a cultural barrier at the border , where Americans see him as a racist caricature . Comic book character Memin Pinguin is "  a disgrace , " an African-American activist says . For more than 60 years Mexicans have followed the adventures of "  Memin Pinguin . " But the dark-skinned Memin 's exaggerated features in "  Memin for President " came as a shock to Houston , Texas , Wal-Mart shopper Shawnedria McGinty . "  I was like , OK , is that a monkey or a boy ? " McGinty said . "  To me it was an insult . " She 'd never heard of "  Memin Pinguin . " She bought a Spanish-English dictionary and tried translating but still did n't like what she saw . Watch what upset McGinty " "  So I asked my boyfriend , does that look like a monkey to you ? " she said . "  And we went back and forth and he was like , no , that 's a black woman , " referring to the character 's Aunt Jemima-like mother . McGinty and Houston community activist Quannel X want the comic books removed from the stores . "  This is absolutely insensitive toward race , in particular the African-American culture , and also people of color , " Quannel X said . "  This is poking fun at the physical features of an entire people . " But Mexican readers who grew up following the shenanigans of Memin say critics need to look beyond the cover and understand the stories . "  They will bring a smile to their face because we 're so fond of that character , " said Javier Salas , a Spanish-language talk show host on Chicago radio station WRTO . "  We respect him , we love him . And that 's why it 's so absurd for us to hear complaints from people who do n't know , do n't understand Memin . " Memin is a poor Cuban-Mexican kid with bug eyes , thick lips and protruding ears . The mischievous and caring boy helps his mother by selling newspapers and shining shoes . "  We grew up reading , learning and educating ourselves with a lot of the topics they always touched on , which was honesty , justice , tolerance . He was a very unique character , " Salas said . Wal-Mart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the retailer has instructed stores to remove the books from shelves and discontinue sales . "  We received the customer complaint regarding the book , which we knew was based on a popular cartoon character in Mexico . We looked into it further , and we decided to no longer distribute the book and are in the process of removing the books from the stores . " The store has received no other complaints about Memin , Lopez said . "  We have a wide array of products that we provide to Hispanic customers , but when we looked at this more carefully and given the sensitivity of the topic , we thought it was best to no longer carry the book in our stores , " he said . He did not know how many copies of Memin books the chain had or how long it would take to remove them from displays . Memin is no stranger to controversy . Three years ago , a series of Mexican stamps honoring Memin ignited an international uproar . The stamps were discontinued because of protests from African-American leaders . "  This is saying we respect and regard the African-American community by making them look like Sambos on a stamp ? " the Rev. Al Sharpton said at the time . "  This goes over the line . " Quannel X called the comic book "  a disgrace . " "  Look how they portray his mother , with huge ethnic lips , dark skin , making her look like the big gorilla and him like the little monkey . " But fans of Memin say the valuable lessons of a beloved comic book character tackling real-life problems have been lost in translation .	Wal-Mart pulls popular Mexican books after shopper complains Memin Pinguin has been cherished in Mexico for generations Characters ' features insult blacks , say activist and shopper Stories teach valuable lessons about life , defender maintains
CNN  -- New Formula One season , same old story . Triple world champion Sebastian Vettel began his quest for a fourth consecutive drivers ' title by putting his Red Bull top of the timesheets in practice ahead of the season-opening Australian Grand Prix . The German 's lap of one minute and 25.908 seconds edged out teammate Mark Webber , who was second fastest . "  Overall it was a good day for us , " the 25-year-old Vettel told the sport 's official website . "  After all the mileage of testing , it was fun to be out there -- this circuit does n't get easier , it 's a good challenge . " "  Today was a good day and the balance was good , but we need to be ready for what 's coming up . " The nearest challenger to the Red Bull drivers was Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg , who continued to show the pace which saw him go faster than any other driver during preseason testing . For Rosberg 's teammate , Lewis Hamilton , this weekend will be his first grand prix since ending a 15-year association with McLaren . It was n't an ideal start to a new chapter in his career for the 2008 world champion , with Hamilton ending the day seventh fastest after sliding off the track during what looked to be a promising lap . "  Overall it was a good day , if perhaps not the smoothest , " reflected Hamilton . "  I 'm happy with where we are and to see Nico in third place on the timesheets shows that we 're pretty competitive . "  That 's a reflection of a great job that everyone has done at the factory and here at the track . I 'm looking forward to the rest of the weekend . " Friday 's practice at Albert Park took place in favorable conditions , although wet weather is predicted for qualifying on Saturday . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , who was sixth fastest , expects conditions to change completely , while he also doubts the Italian team will be able to compete at the front of the grid in Melbourne . "  Our efforts were helped by particularly favourable weather with sunshine and summery temperatures , " explained the double world champion . "  However , the weather is expected to change completely from tomorrow , with wind , rain and a significant drop in temperature , which could influence Sunday 's race . "  I 'm not expecting any major surprises here , we already knew we were not the quickest and that was confirmed today . The car responds well , but we know there is still much to do if we want to fight with the very best . "	Sebastian Vettel quickest in practice ahead of Australian Grand Prix Sunday 's race in Melbourne is the first of the 2013 Formula One season Vettel first ahead of Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in second place Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg third fastest , Lewis Hamilton seventh
CNN  -- To hear Spc. Alexis Hutchinson tell it , the Army forced her to make an agonizing choice between serving her country and taking care of her son . The Army , however , takes issue with the soldier 's story and Hutchinson could now be facing serious charges for desertion . When her unit deployed to Afghanistan earlier in November , Hutchinson was missing from the plane . Her lawyer said she refused to go because there was no one to take care of her 10-month-old son , Kamani , and she feared he would be placed in foster care . The Army said the young mother had plenty of time to sort out family issues and has been confined to her post at Fort Stewart , Georgia , while an investigation unfolds . Before shipping overseas , every soldier must sign military Form D-A 53-05 , which states that failure to maintain a family care plan could result in disciplinary action . Hutchinson had agreed to such a plan and her mother , Angelique Hughes , took in Kamani in a month before Hutchinson 's deployment date . But after a week with the infant , Hughes , who cares for ailing relatives and runs a day-care out of her home , said she felt so overwhelmed that she backed out . "  It was that hard , because he 's a very busy baby , " Hughes told CNN affiliate WTOC in Savannah , Georgia . "  You have to keep an eye on him 24 hours a day . " Hutchinson 's attorney , Rai Sue Sussman , said the soldier informed the Army that her family care plan had fallen through and that there was no one to take care of Kamani . Fort Stewart spokesman Kevin Larson said Hutchinson 's unit had known for months about its pending deployment and that it was n't until the last minute that Hutchinson notified the Army of her child-care woes . Like all soldiers who face similar circumstances , Hutchinson received a 30-day extension back in August and September , Larson said . That 's "  plenty of time , " he said , "  to work out another care plan . " On the eve of her unit 's departure , Hutchinson was ordered to be on the plane . "  That 's when it put her in this horrible situation of having to choose between abandoning her child or disobeying her superiors , " Sussman said . "  The sense I got from her and the reason I think why she was scared enough to not go and get on her plane was because they would take her child from her . " Less than 24 hours after her fellow soldiers took off from Hunter Army Airfield , Hutchinson turned herself in and was arrested by military police . No charges have been filed . More than 30,000 single mothers have served in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , according to a new report compiled by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . Former Air Force JAG Officer Michelle McCleur said Hutchinson is not likely to win a legal battle with the Army . "  When soldiers are ordered to deploy , and single soldiers included , they have to have a family care plan in place ... and they need to implement that , " she said . CNN 's Brian Todd and Campbell Brown contributed to this report	Spc. Alexis Hutchinson refuses deployment orders to stay with son Hutchinson claims plans for mother to take care of her child fell through Army says Hutchinson had plenty of time to come up with alternate plans
CNN  -- The secret to Phil Mickelson 's recent successes against longtime rival Tiger Woods could lie with the man who has coached both golf superstars -- Butch Harmon . Harmon helped Woods to eight of his 14 major triumphs between 1993 and 2004 , and started working with Mickelson three years later . He was on hand to give the veteran left-hander tips during the pair 's final-round showdown at Pebble Beach on Sunday . Mickelson bettered his fellow American for the fifth time in a row when they have played together on the last day of a tournament to clinch his 40th PGA Tour title . Harmon , who has also worked with other top names such as former major champions Greg Norman and Fred Couples , has revealed how he gave Mickelson an insight into what to expect from former world No. 1 Woods . Mickelson roars to victory as Tiger falls apart at Pebble Beach "  I explained to Phil some things to be aware of when playing with Tiger , " Harmon told the tour 's official website . "  If Tiger putts out first the gallery is going to start moving ahead , so if you have a chance to putt out first it 's in your best interest to do so . "  If it 's close on the back nine , Tiger will sometimes hit three-wood on purpose to make you wait . Tiger 's not doing anything illegal , it 's just a little bit of gamesmanship . " While four-time major winner Mickelson carded a stunning eight-under-par 64 to surge up the leaderboard and win , Woods collapsed from third to tie for 15th after a 75 . Tiger seeks ` home ' success as he announces PGA Tour triple-header But Mickelson took the time to praise Woods , who is currently enduring the longest winless run of his career having not claimed an official tournament victory since November 2009 . "  I do n't believe anybody has benefited more from what he 's done for the game than myself , " said Mickelson , who has outscored Woods on eight of the 12 occasions they have played together since he started working with Harmon in 2007 . "  He seems to bring out the best in me and the last four or five years . I just seem more focused . " Mickelson also spoke of the "  little bit of inspiration " his wife Amy -- who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2009 -- had given him when it looked as if the tournament was slipping away on Friday . A pep talk from her helped him overhaul a six-shot deficit on leader Charlie Wi on Sunday . "  I think it 's a good lesson for me to learn that if you never give up and you stay and you fight hard , you can fight through some bad stretches and still come out on top at the end of the week because you just never know when it 'll turn , " he said , before acknowledging his recent lack of form . The 41-year-old finished 26th at his previous outing in Phoenix , having missed the cut at Torrey Pines and tied for 49th in his season opener at the Humana Challenge in California . "  Prior to the Humana , I had played eight to 10 rounds like Sunday 's final round , and I 've been wondering where that has been these last three weeks , " he said ahead of Thursday 's opening round at the Northern Trust Open , where he tasted victory in 2008 and 2009 . "  I was wondering what happened those three weeks because I had been playing well prior , and I 'm just glad it finally came out when I needed it the most . "	Tiger Woods ' ex-coach Butch Harmon gave Phil Mickelson tips on how to beat him Harmon worked with Woods for eight of his 14 major triumphs between 1993 and 2004 The coach has been working with four-time major winner Mickelson since 2007 Mickelson has bettered Woods eight times since working with Harmon
Atlanta  CNN  -- Where have you gone Walter Cronkite , and why have you been replaced by the likes of woopig.net ? Well , at least in the world of sports journalism . Bobby Petrino is no longer calling Hogs at the University of Arkansas , because somebody by the handle of "  hoggrad " on that popular woopig.net website for Razorback fans first reported that the Arkansas football coach was n't exactly watching game film that evening . Let 's just say Petrino was the April Fool on the first day of this month courtesy of a motorcycle , a crash and a blonde . Then along came a police report , a lie and a firing . The story began on woopig.net , with much help from hoggrad , whose new handle should be Woodward or Bernstein . We 're in a different place , folks . That 's because new media have created a slew of investigative reporters among average citizens through personal blogs , Twitter , YouTube , talk-show radio , cellphone cameras and recorders , Facebook and fan websites . As a result , those who run professional sports teams have combined with athletics directors on the collegiate level to use a new approach regarding highly successful coaches , managers and others involved with scandalous situations : They whack them . Not only that , they whack them immediately , before their franchise or university gets embarrassed by several more waves of comments at the end of somebody 's Internet post . Petrino fired as Arkansas head football coach "  All of this  instant reporting of scandal  in regards to how it relates to the electronic media has certainly heightened the information and interest and lessened tolerance , " said Georgia Tech athletics director Dan Radakovich , who has worked for big-time intercollegiate athletic programs for nearly three decades . He also is on the executive committee of the Division 1A Athletic Directors ' Association . These intentional and unintentional scoops by nonjournalists go beyond college sports . It 's just that the Petrino situation and others have placed those on campuses in the forefront of it all . "  Electronic media  certainly has sped up the process . Before , it may have taken a lot longer to make a decision  on whether to fire somebody  . You had to talk to a number of different people before you felt like -- or the organization felt like -- they had gathered enough information to be able to make a reasonable or rational decision , " Radakovich added . "  Now I think that all comes a lot quicker . And , in some ways , there 's an expectation that the decision should come quicker . I just hope that in these circumstances that the gathering continues to be thorough and that all sides of the issue are being reviewed . " No problem there . In January 2003 , everybody saw many sides of Larry Eustachy , and it was n't pretty . The Des Moines Register ran a photo of the former Iowa State basketball coach drinking beer and kissing women at a party near the campus of the University of Missouri after an Iowa State loss . The Eustachy photo was the first in a string of high-profile sports scandals broken by a random person . This one started when a reporter for the Register clicked onto a link on an Iowa State fan site that eventually led him to a fan site for the Missouri Tigers . Moments later , the reporter saw pictures in living color of a plastered Eustachy . They were posted on the site by a Missouri student who snapped the pictures at the party . The Register acquired the negatives from the Missouri student , published the photos , and Eustachy was fired . That same year , ESPN received an audiotape of a 2002 telephone conversation between the wife of Syracuse associate head basketball coach Bernie Fine and a former team ball boy . The tape featured Fine 's wife , Laurie , confirming to that former ball boy , Bobby Davis , that she knew he had been molested by her husband . The tape came to light at the end of last year , and among other things , it contributed to the end of Fine 's 35-year tenure under legendary Syracuse head coach Jim Boeheim . There also was that 2010 tweet by former University of North Carolina defensive lineman Marvin Austin . It talked of parties and gifts for North Carolina football players , and those revelations led to the Tar Heels receiving NCAA probation , vacating two seasons worth of games and the firing of popular coach Butch Davis . Eustachy . Fine . Davis . Their firings were in contrast to what university bosses did in the past to guilty but effective employees : nothing . OK , little . If the situation was bad enough back then , university bosses might deliver a private or public reprimand . They might even clench their teeth while issuing a fine , a suspension or both . But firing such a person ? No way . Not if we 're talking about that generation 's Petrino , who is n't in line to become the next pope , but who has those worshipping  as in giving financially to  the University of Arkansas as if it were the Vatican of college football . Petrino had a 21-5 record during the last two of his four years at Arkansas , and one of his Razorback teams earned a berth in the coveted Bowl Championship Series for the first time in school history . More impressive , Arkansas was picked as a contender for the national championship this season . If that is n't enough , Arkansas plays in the Southeastern Conference , where life revolves around breathing and football . So , if this were 20 , 30 or any of those years before "  tweet " meant more than what birds do , Arkansas officials would have shrugged over Petrino lying about being alone , when he left a ditch on the side of a rural Arkansas road with four broken ribs and a cracked vertebra after he crashed his motorcycle . College suspends woman in Bobby Petrino crash They also would have covered their ears when their 51-year-old coach later confessed that he was riding with a 25-year-old female employee of the university named Jessica Dorrell . And that he hired Dorrell under dubious circumstances . And that Dorrell was n't his wife or the mother of his four children . And that he gave Dorrell a $ 20,000 gift at some point for unknown reasons . Finally , did we mention that Dorrell was engaged to be married in June to Josh Morgan , the director of operations for the University of Arkansas women 's swimming and diving team ? Woopig.net surely did .	Social media is playing a role in some of the biggest college football scandals New media have created a slew of investigative reporters among average citizens Arkansas fired Bobby Petrino for not disclosing his relationship with female employee
Rolling Stone  -- Lauryn Hill pleaded guilty in a New Jersey courtroom on Friday to evading federal taxes on $ 1.8 million earned between 2005 and 2007 , the Associated Press reports . The singer faces a maximum one-year sentence for each of the three counts . Hill declined to speak after the hearing , but her attorney , Nathan Hochman , indicated that she plans on paying back the taxes owed . U.S. Magistrate Michael Shipp agreed to delay the sentencing from early October to late November in order to give Hill time to make payment . When Shipp asked Hill if anyone had directly or indirectly influenced her decision to plead guilty , Hill gave an enigmatic response that seemed to promise a future statement : "  Indirectly , I 've been advised my ability to speak out directly is for another time , at sentencing . " The income on which Hill did not pay taxes -- $ 818,000 collected in 2005 , $ 222,000 in 2006 and $ 761,000 in 2007 -- was earned by four corporations that she owns . Charges were brought against Hill earlier this month , after which the singer took to Tumblr to address her side of the situation but focused on her time outside of the spotlight : "  During this period of crisis , much was said about me both slanted and inaccurate , by those who had become dependent on my creative force , yet unwilling to fully acknowledge the importance of my contribution , nor compensate me equitably for it . " Hill added in the post that she felt her "  potential to work " was in danger and thus said , "  I did whatever needed to be done in order to insulate my family from the climate of hostility , false entitlement , manipulation , racial prejudice , sexism and ageism that I was surrounded by . "  There were no exotic trips , " she continued , "  no fleet of cars , just an all out war for safety , integrity , wholeness and health , without mistreatment , denial , and/or exploitation . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Lauryn Hill pleaded guilty Friday to evading federal taxes on $ 1.8 million The singer faces a maximum one-year sentence for each of the three counts Her attorney indicated that she plans on paying back the taxes owed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When you think of high-risk jobs , you probably do not think of judges . But perhaps you should . In 2005 , a man angry about a Chicago judge 's ruling killed the judge 's husband and mother , authorities say . According to the U.S. Marshals Service , the number of threats against federal judges and prosecutors has mushroomed from 500 in 2003 to 1,278 in 2008 . It is on track to go even higher this year . There are no statistics on the number of threats against state and local judges . U.S. District Court Judge Reggie Walton has had his share . His decision not to grant bail to Vice President Dick Cheney 's former chief of staff , Scooter Libby , triggered several threats , but there have been others . "  I received some threats in a case about a bear hunt that I refused to stop from animal-rights activists . I also received some after I issued a Second Amendment opinion , " Walton says . As a result , the U.S. Marshals Service , which is responsible for the protection of federal judges , installed an elaborate camera surveillance system at Walton 's house . He has taken other protective measures himself , which he declines to disclose . "  You ca n't let it impede on what you do as a judge , but obviously you 're concerned about your security and the security of your family , so you do take it seriously . " Watch how threats have increased " Bobby Fagan , deputy assistant director of the U.S. Marshals Service , also takes it seriously . "  Our third branch of government is where the rule of law and our basic freedoms are upheld day in and day out . The civilized world could not function without our judicial branch , and for them to be independent and safe and not intimidated or harmed ... is a sacred responsibility of the Marshals . " The Marshals ' Judiciary Security Division has opened a threat management center to collect , analyze and investigate inappropriate communications with judges . Fagan says it is sometimes a challenge to distinguish between a threat and a legitimate expression of opinion . In borderline cases attorneys are consulted to determine whether a communication crosses the line of protected First Amendment speech . Fagan says the people sending the threats are "  individuals frustrated with the legal system " who "  feel that they have not gotten their day in court . " Investigation often reveals that they have made previous threats against judges in state and local courts . Fagan says the threats often escalate as a case moves through the legal system . "  The federal court is their final forum , the last resort in their minds to get justice . " Judge Laurie White of the Orleans Parish Criminal Court in Louisiana says she has not gotten any threats in her two years sitting on the bench . However , she did get threats when she was a prosecutor and a defense attorney , and she is well aware of the dangers . She feels exposed to possible danger from her doorstep to her courtroom . "  If you 're going to get elected and be in the rough and tough world of criminal justice , you ca n't be shy and you 'd better have nerves of steel . And you better have a strong gut . Because it is not easy , it 's not an easy spot , and I think you do this job at your own personal risk . " In Louisiana judges are the only ones allowed to carry guns in the courtroom , but White does n't want to discuss whether she does . In 2005 , authorities say , a man who was distraught about the dismissal of his medical malpractice case murdered the husband and mother of Judge Joan Lefkow in Chicago . That tragic case has led to better reporting of threats against judges , according the the U.S. Marshals . But Walton has his own theory on why the volume of threats has increased . "  I think the unfortunate reality is our society has become so partisan ... that when you have hot-button issues , people take it to the extreme . " He places some of the blame on talk show hosts . "  The type of vicious attacks sometimes that you see coming from certain players in the media , I think contributes to the problem . " When asked what can be done about the situation , Walton responds : "  It will take societal change , I think , " and heaves a deep sigh . From CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Eric Marrapodi , Carol Cratty and Terry Frieden .	Threats against judges , prosecutors are on the rise U.S. Marshals Service is responsible for protecting federal judges Marshals grapple with question : Is it free speech , or is it a threat ? One judge sees rise of extreme partisanship as possible cause of increased threats
CNN  -- Over the past few decades , there has been a shift toward more mountaintop removal coal mining in West Virginia . Mountaintop mining blasts apart mountains and deposits debris in nearby valleys to reach the rich coal seams buried inside . About 50 % of U.S. power comes from burning coal , and about a third of West Virginia 's coal is mined this way . But 57 % of respondents to a CNN/ORC International Poll say they oppose mountaintop mining . Miners and coal companies say mountaintop removal projects provide much-needed jobs . Their opponents say the cost of those jobs -- to the environment and nearby communities -- is just too high . In CNN In America 's documentary , "  Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America , " Soledad O'Brien reports on all sides . For many in West Virginia , it feels like a choice : steady jobs or a healthy environment . What would you choose ? Share your comments below .	Mountaintop removal coal mining provides jobs in West Virginia . Environmentalists say it destroys nature and creates health problems . "  Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America " airs August 14 and August 20 .
CNN  -- Let 's not be simple here . Let 's not do what the TV talking heads at the sports networks are required to do . Let 's not blather on about the Red Sox and the Rays and the American League East and whether the Yankees , minus their great closer , Mariano Rivera -- who was injured this week -- can still survive in baseball 's toughest division and blah , blah , blah , blah , blah . To those who have not heard : Thursday evening was quite possibly a landmark moment in the history of Major League Baseball ; an Elvis-has-died , the-Wall-has-fallen , there 's - some-new-movie-called - "  Casablanca " sliver in time that will permanently dent the long and storied history of America 's great game . In short : The best pitcher any of us has ever seen is , in all likelihood , done . Yes , it needs to be said . Twice . Three times . Mariano Rivera , the Yankees ' unparalleled 42-year-old closer , is the greatest pitcher of our lifetime . Better than Nolan Ryan and Steve Carlton . Better than Tom Seaver and Greg Maddux . Better than Dwight Gooden in 1985 , Pedro Martinez in 1999 , Justin Verlander in 2011 . In and of themselves , Rivera 's numbers are dizzying : an all-time record 608 saves  and 42 more in the postseason  , a 2.21 ERA , five World Series titles , 12 All-Star Game appearances . Yet Rivera -- truly the Cy Young of the modern game -- is solely about statistics the way a Maybach is solely about miles per hour . When the native Panamanian crumpled to the ground at Kansas City 's Kauffman Stadium , his right knee buckling while chasing a fly ball during the team 's batting practice , the majors lost its idealized and perfect figurine . Throughout the course of the long , bitter Red Sox-Yankees rivalry , Boston 's loyalists have loathed the pinstriped intruders with unyielding contempt . Reggie Jackson was too cocky , Graig Nettles too combative , Thurman Munson too gruff , Derek Jeter too pretty , Alex Rodriguez too duplicitous . Pick a Yankee -- any Yankee -- and Boston 's denizens could find ample reason to damn said person to hell  Hey , Claudell Washington , yooouuu suck !  . Yet Rivera , even at his absolute best , when his split-fingered fastball was sawing off bats and numbing opposing hitters , was never hate-able . Or even dislikeable . Or mildly irksome . Throughout his 18 big league seasons , there is not one piece of video showing Rivera talking smack to an opposing player , showing up a hitter or blowing off an autograph request . When asked about rival closers  even Jonathan Papelbon , the crybaby former Red Sox righty  , he was always complimentary and deferential . Immediately following Game 7 of the 2001 World Series , when the Diamondbacks ' Luis Gonzalez singled off Rivera to drive in the winning run , the closer took his turn at the podium , answering question after question , congratulating Arizona , accepting blame for the loss and offering up exactly , oh , zero excuses . Toward the beginning of this season , Rivera hinted that his career might finally be ending . Though hardly Mr. Loquacious , he spoke of wanting to do other things , of devoting more time to his church and various charities  In 2012 , The Giving Back Fund estimated that Rivera donated $ 627,500 to charity , ranking him the 25th-most generous celebrity  . Of stepping away from the mound and uncovering different purposes in life . Always a proud , regal man , after he was hurt Thursday , Rivera told reporters that , were the knee injury to mean he could no longer pitch , he would be fine . "  I never will second guess or question the Lord , " he said . "  It happened for a reason and you just have to deal with it . " Even when no one -- even a Red Sox fan -- wants to . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : Mariano Rivera , the best pitcher we have seen , is likely out of the game He says Rivera , who got a bad knee injury , has collected a stunning record He says he 's an admirable baseball hero , dignified , decent with rivals , teammates , fans Pearlman : Rivera had hinted at quitting to do other work in his life ; he says he 'll be fine
Rome  CNN  -- A Vatican official , a financial broker and a former secret service police officer were arrested Friday on suspicion of corruption over an alleged attempt to smuggle a huge sum of cash into Italy , Rome 's prosecutor said . The official , Monsignor Nunzio Scarano , works as a financial analyst in the Vatican office that administers Vatican-owned property . The archdiocese of Salerno , in southern Italy , issued a statement saying media reports identifying him as a bishop there were incorrect . Prosecutor Nello Rossi told reporters the three suspects could face corruption charges , with Scarano also facing a possible count of defamation . He stressed that the investigation is ongoing and that money laundering is not among the possible charges based on what investigators have uncovered so far . The suspects were identified as a result of a larger investigation into the Vatican bank , also known as the Institute for the Works of Religion , Rossi said , but Friday 's arrests are not directly linked to the bank . The alleged offenses took place while the suspects were "  attempting to illegally import from Switzerland large amounts of money in cash , to be considered the result of tax evasion , " he said . The alleged attempt took place in July 2012 but it was never carried out in full , he said , as the money never left Switzerland and never reached Rome . Scarano and the two other suspects were trying at first to bring in â ‚ ¬ 40 million  $ 52.1 million  in cash using a private plane , then the reduced sum of â ‚ ¬ 20 million , he said . Scarano is suspected of being the intermediary between the broker and former secret service policeman and the people who wanted the cash , he said . The operation put in place to bring in the money was "  extremely sophisticated , " he said , in part because of the secret service officer 's role in the plan . Investigators are looking at transactions from two accounts Scarano held at the Vatican bank , one a personal account and the other used for donations , he added . Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said Scarano had been suspended from his work at the Vatican more than a month ago , as soon as his superiors had been informed that he was under investigation . The Vatican is ready and willing to cooperate with Italian authorities on the investigation when they get in touch , he said . Rossi has been investigating the Vatican bank 's role and relationship with Italian banks for some years . Papal commission The arrests come in the same week that Pope Francis established a papal commission tasked with investigating the activities of the Vatican bank . The commission , made up of four clerics and a Harvard law professor , will report to the pope with its findings "  in view of possible reform , " Lombardi said , according to Vatican Radio . The Vatican has been plagued by internal power struggles over its murky finances for decades . On Wednesday , a financial watchdog agency established in 2010 issued its first report on money laundering , in a move to improve financial transparency in the city-state . The document from the Financial Intelligence Authority shows six reports of "  suspicious activity " in the past year , up from just one in 2011 . It says the Vatican 's prosecutors are investigating two of those reports for possible criminal activity . It would n't elaborate further . The Vatican bank is also working to improve transparency , announcing earlier this month that it will launch a website to publish an annual report of its activities . The bank serves thousands of Catholic charities , religious orders and dioceses around the world , in addition to roughly 500 people living in the tiny city-state . It has some 33,400 accounts and about $ 8 billion in assets . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Alanna Petroff contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor : The alleged attempt to bring cash into Italy was "  extremely sophisticated " A Vatican official and two other people have been arrested , the prosecutor says The 3 arrests are not directly linked to a probe into the Vatican bank , he says Pope Francis set up a papal commission this week to look at the bank 's activities
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- It was not surprising that investigators found bottles of prescription drugs in Michael Jackson 's home , the singer 's dermatologist said , as two sources told CNN that Jackson 's sister Janet attempted an intervention two years ago . Dr. Arnold Klein , who was Michael Jackson 's dermatologist , said he warned the singer about drug use . "  I 'm very shocked by it , but I have to tell you it 's not something that would be unheard of , " Dr. Arnold Klein said Wednesday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " adding that he repeatedly warned Jackson about the danger of such drugs . Meanwhile , two sources close to the Jackson family said Wednesday that sister Janet , the pop star , was so worried after visiting the emaciated singer in 2007 that she tried to stage an intervention with assistance from her other brothers . Michael Jackson reportedly ordered his security guards not to let the family members in . He also refused to take calls from his mother , Katherine . "  If you tried to deal with him , he would shut you out , " one source said . "  You just would n't hear from him for long periods . " At the time , the Jackson family released a statement to People magazine about the alleged intervention , denying it . But Janet Jackson was not among the signatories . Also Wednesday , a source said the Los Angeles County coroner 's office has drawn up a list of doctors who treated Jackson over the years and will talk to them to determine what kind of drugs they may have prescribed the singer in the past . Among them : Klein and Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's cardiologist , whom the Los Angeles police already had interviewed . The cause of Jackson 's June 25 death is pending a toxicology report . It is also the focus of an investigation by police , the state attorney general 's office and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . "  I knew at one point that he was using Diprivan when he was on tour in Germany , " Klein said , without specifying when . "  He was using it to go to sleep at night . I told him he was absolutely insane . I said , ` You have to quit it . This drug , you ca n't repeatedly take . ' " Diprivan is a powerful drug administered intravenously to induce or maintain anesthesia or sedation , according to the Food and Drug Administration . It is known by the generic name Propofol . Klein is the latest in a series of Jackson associates -- including doctors , nurses , employees and friends -- to tie the singer to drugs in recent days . Last week , sources close to Jackson said the insomniac singer traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and "  bring him back up " during the "  HIStory " world tour in the mid-1990s . Klein , however , said he had not seen Diprivan or IV poles in the singer 's house . Asked whether Jackson had track marks on his arms , as one source said , Klein said he had not seen any . "  Michael , at one time , had an addiction . He went to England and withdrew that addiction , where he went off drugs altogether , " the doctor said . Watch doctor on Jackson 's use of Diprivan " Klein refuted that he had ever given Jackson drugs beyond the doses needed for surgery . "  If you took all the pills I gave him in the last year at once , it would n't do anything to you . " Klein carefully couched a question about whether he was the biological father of Jackson 's children . "  The most important thing is : The father is who the children want their father to be , " he said . When King repeatedly pressed Klein , the doctor said : "  I still ca n't answer it absolutely one way or another . " He said he donated sperm to a sperm bank , but not to Jackson . He said he is willing to take a DNA test . "  I think , to the best of my knowledge , I 'm not the father , " he said . "  Ca n't we leave this alone ? Ca n't we leave these children alone ? " Meanwhile , the city of Los Angeles said that Jackson 's memorial service cost $ 1.4 million . Spokeswoman Sarah Hamilton said the costs included extra police on the streets , trash pickup , other sanitation and traffic control for the Tuesday event . Three thousand police officers , almost one-third of the force , were on hand to ensure that the Jackson events proceeded smoothly , Los Angeles Assistant Police Chief Jim McDonnell said . The city , which is $ 530 million in debt , set up a Web page asking Jackson fans for donations to help with the expenses . On Tuesday morning , hundreds of donors contributed more than $ 17,000 through the site . But then , the high volume of traffic caused the site to crash frequently and for long periods , the mayor 's office said . So the city could n't collect contributions for several hours Tuesday . The site also crashed for 12 hours , beginning at 8 p.m. Tuesday , and again , periodically Wednesday morning , the office said . Los Angeles City Attorney Carmen Trutanich does not want taxpayers to pay a penny for the service , his spokesman said Wednesday . "  The city attorney does not want something like this happening again , the city paying -LSB- the initial costs -RSB- for a private event , " spokesman John Franklin said . "  That 's especially in a cash-strapped city , where people have been furloughed or even lost jobs . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Drew Griffin , Randi Kaye , Scott Bronstein and Susan Chun contributed to this report .	Family reportedly tried to stage intervention for Michael Jackson in 2007 The cause of Jackson 's June 25 death is pending a toxicology report City of Los Angeles set up Web page asking fans to donate money to help with costs
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Thorny issues of unbalanced trade , cyber security and intellectual property rights stand stark in the spotlight at this year 's U.S.-China Strategic Economic Dialogue now underway in Washington , D.C. Top officials from both sides , including co-chairs U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and China 's State Councilor Yang Jiechi , have expressed tempered optimism for "  a new chapter " in bilateral ties -- despite recent stumbles . The U.S. has slammed China on unfair subsidies on solar panels and the theft of secrets owned by U.S. technology companies . China has returned its own complaints -- most recently after NSA leak Edward Snowden alleged Washington has been hacking Chinese computers . Yet leaders of both the U.S. and China -- the world 's two largest economies -- know their nations are mutually dependent , especially on economy and foreign policy . Should either party try to distance itself from the other , the result would be mutually detrimental , analysts say . "  For the United States , the biggest issue is market access to China and making sure American companies have a level playing field , " says Fred Neumann , HSBC Co-head of Asian Economics and Managing Director in Hong Kong . In March , the U.S. Commerce Department attempted to balance the field on the issue of solar panels . Washington slapped tariffs on Chinese-made panels in response to alleged subsidies by Beijing . Under the ruling , Chinese panels were hit with tariffs from 2.9 % to 4.7 % , echoing similar spats between China and Europe over solar panels and European wines . The biggest technological thorn in U.S.-China ties is "  the respect for intellectual property created by U.S. firms " -- and lack thereof , says Chris Bronk , IT Policy Fellow at Rice University 's James A. Baker Institute . This includes "  everything from pirated movies and software to R&D and corporate strategy documents " because "  losses will cut into the capacity for additional development if the return on investment is insufficient . " In June , the U.S. Department of Justice charged one of China 's biggest wind turbine makers , Sinovel , with stealing source codes from a U.S. competitor and manufacturing new machines . American Superconductor Corporation claims Sinovel 's theft resulted in $ 800 million in losses . The United States loses some $ 300 billion each year mostly because of Chinese intellectual property theft , said former U.S. ambassador to China John Huntsman to CNN in June . In addition to IP theft , U.S.-China cyber security issues have come to the fore in the past month after NSA leak Edward Snowden alleged U.S. intelligence agents have been hacking hundreds of Chinese computers since at least 2009 . China claimed Snowden 's revelations would "  test developing Sino-US ties " and exacerbate an already "  soured relationship " on cybersecurity . Snowden 's assertions , on top of alleged Chinese hacking of U.S. firms , depict a clear degree of mutual mistrust . The majority of headlines in China since then have referenced "  strain , " "  tension , " and even "  anger " between the U.S. and China . The potential and ease for cyber attacks between the U.S. and China will continue to grow , says Andy Mok , managing director of Beijing-based Red Pagoda and former technology researcher for RAND Corporation . "  When every physical object has an IP address ... the return on malicious behavior becomes much higher . So on both sides -- China and the U.S. -- the targets are increasingly attractive . " National electrical grids and transportation networks are some of the most attractive marks in each country , adds Mok . "  That said , the sky is not falling and I do n't believe we are weeks or months away from a cyberwar with China that will leave the U.S. power grid in tatters and the whole country sitting in the dark for months or years . " The chances of direct conflict are low , agree analysts . Economic , military , and technological disparity between the U.S. and China is too great . China is not ready for a clash to occur . And the U.S. -- still on the mend from the 2008 financial crisis -- is unlikely to instigate a conflict with China because of its own fiscal binds to China . Sentiment from top officials appeared to underline this . U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria China 's pace toward market-oriented reforms "  will probably be slower than we would like " but expects reforms to clearly proceed . Chinese Vice-Premier Wang Yang penned a positive editorial in the Washington Post hoping the U.S. and China would "  forge a more cooperative relationship . He noted that 70 % of U.S. companies operating in China made a profit in 2012 , the 1,500 McDonalds in China have outperformed outlets elsewhere in the world and a flight between the U.S. and China now takes off once every 24 minutes .	Top diplomatic , economic officials from U.S. , China meet in Washington , D.C. Fifth annual U.S.-China Strategic Economic Dialogue now underway Cyber hacking , theft of intellectual property , tariff wars high on agenda Analysts : U.S.-China mutually dependent , can not afford conflict
Washington  CNN  -- State visits to the White House are full of show and symbolism , and Tuesday 's visit by Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is no exception . But Singh 's visit , the first state visit hosted by the Obama administration , reflects India 's growing political and economic importance to the United States and the deepening partnership between Washington and New Delhi . The 2005 civil nuclear cooperation deal between the two countries symbolized a new status in U.S.-India relations . But that deal , yet to be ratified by the Indian parliament , was not in a vacuum . The Bush administration followed that up with agreements for increased cooperation on security , science and technology and education . Singh 's visit this week will build on that , with announcements expected on a range of areas from the economy and defense to climate change and energy . India is a fellow democracy , and there is a strong Indian-American community in the U.S. . So as it rises to power , India is a natural U.S. ally . On every big global issue today -- from the economy to climate change to fighting terrorism and curbing nuclear proliferation -- Washington needs New Delhi 's cooperation . India is one of the biggest donors in Afghanistan , with $ 1.2 billion in aid . Although this has been met with suspicion in Pakistan , it has helped the United States , sharing some of the burden of stabilizing Afghanistan and providing civilian support . India is also considered a critical U.S. partner in dealing with other instability in the region , in places like Bangladesh and Sri Lanka . Even as the U.S. deepens its cooperation with China on global issues , both Singh 's government and the Obama administration want to manage China 's meteoric rise . Strong U.S.-India ties help both countries ensure that the "  Asian century " is not merely the "  Chinese century . " India has also become a major trading partner with the U.S. , with $ 61 billion in trade in 2007 . The U.S. is India 's second-largest trading partner . And India is a major exporter of technology software and services to the U.S. , and that 's expected to increase as India strengthens its role as a global leader in technology . The relationship is not without its irritants , however , the biggest one being India 's nuclear neighbor , Pakistan . India believes the U.S. has failed to curb Islamabad 's backing of anti-India extremists based in Pakistan , and tensions between India and Pakistan remain high , especially with Pakistan 's slow progress on the investigation into last year 's Mumbai attack that killed 166 people . Before coming to Washington , Singh said that Pakistani objectives in Afghanistan are n't necessarily those of the U.S. Pakistan has long seen instability in Afghanistan as critical to its war strategy against India . India is also nervous about a possible integration of some Taliban into power in Afghanistan . Climate change is another point of friction . The U.S. wants India , one of world 's the largest emitters of greenhouse gases , to accept limits on its carbon emissions . India maintains it is still a developing country and wants developed nations , like the U.S. , to assume the lion 's share of burden in dealing with climate change . Another potential difference looms over Iran . India has been careful not to support Iran 's government , but if U.S. diplomacy with Iran fails , it remains to be seen if New Delhi will support tougher sanctions if the U.S. decides to go that route . As India 's economy grows , so will its capability to be one of the U.S. ' great partners . But as its international position strengthens , New Delhi 's interests may not always be aligned with Washington 's . Obama must work to convince India that the U.S. sees it as an important ally and that its rise to power is in the U.S. ' strategic interest . The symbolism of giving Singh the administration 's first state visit will be a good start .	Visit by Indian PM reflects India 's growing political , economic importance to the U.S. Visit will build on deals for unity on security , nuclear , science , technology , education issues U.S. wants good relations with India as it seeks stability , influence in Asia Nations ' frictions include relations with Pakistan , climate change legislation
CNN  -- England 's Lee Westwood showed no signs of buckling under the pressure of his new status as golf 's world number one , hitting a round of 70 to sit one shot behind leader Francesco Molinari after day two of the HSBC Champions challenge in Shanghai , China . The Italian led the field on Friday , after a two-round score of nine-under-par gave him a one-shot lead over Westwood , with the man who was displaced at the top of world rankings , Tiger Woods , five shots off the lead . South African Ernie Els was the day 's big mover , his round of 65 put him within two shots of the lead on seven-under-par , alongside compatriot Jaco Van Zyl and Richard Ramsay of Scotland . The English pair of Luke Donald and Ross Fisher are currently on six-under and five-under respectively , with Westwood 's rivals for number one status , Martin Kaymer , and defending champion Phil Mickelson , both six shots off the lead on three-under . Westwood had no complaints over his form , and was pleased with his performance given his recent lack of competitive action and injury problems . "  It 's a good performance the first two rounds to come back to , " Westwood told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  I did n't know what to expect , and I 'm pleasantly surprised with how well I 've played . " Woods was in philosophical mood when discussing his round , admitting his score could have gone either way . "  My score could have been worse , but it also could have been a lot better , " said Woods .	Francesco Molinari leads the HSBC Champions challenge after day two Lee Westwood is one shot behind the Italian , who is on nine-under par Tiger Woods is five shots of the lead on four under
Hong Kong  CNN  -- If that corner office at a financial firm on New York 's Wall Street or at London 's Canary Wharf has been illusory , then a Victoria Harbor view from Hong Kong 's skyscraper skyline may be the place to find yourself in a few years . That 's because the Asian city looks set to become the center of the Earth when it comes to jobs in the financial sector . CEBR , the London-based economics consultancy , recently forecast Hong Kong will have more financial services jobs than New York or London by 2016 , with some 262,000 positions . The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales  ICAEW  also gives its endorsement , saying Hong Kong will be the world 's premier financial job center by 2017 , with 275,000 positions . Believable or bizarre ? "  It 's three years from now , but it 's believable , " says Brian Lim , director of Value Search Asia , a Hong Kong-based boutique headhunting firm focused on the banking and financial sectors . "  Asian opportunities are going to be a lot more stable .  The employment market  has been slow because of the European and U.S. economic crises -- not because of major issues from our side . " Lim says he does expect continued job volatility on the so-called "  sale side " of the financial industry , which includes investment banking , because of sensitivity to market gyrations . But he already sees more hiring on the less-market sensitive "  buy side , " which includes asset and wealth fund management . But other search firms find recent job market forecasts far-fetched . "  I think it 's bizarre , " says Jonathon Hollands , Managing Director of Carraway Group , a financial and corporate headhunting firm headquartered in Hong Kong . As the global economy has slowed over the past few years "  Hong Kong is shedding jobs . " This past September , HSBC finished its planned Hong Kong layoffs by eliminating 3,000 staff from its workforce in the city -- part of a global restructuring to cut an astounding 30,000 jobs around the world . Earlier this month , Barclays announced it will cut up to 2,000 jobs with many of those losses coming out of Asia and Europe . Hollands expects even more job losses in Hong Kong are "  still to come . " As proof , Hollands cites a steep drop-off in recruitment requests from global banks based in Hong Kong . He declines to name them but says they are easy to guess . "  The amount they spend on recruiters is 80-100 % down . They have n't spent anything on headhunters in the past year . " Still , CEBR 's Chief Executive Douglas McWilliams is preaching the message that Hong Kong will boast the most financial jobs by 2016 . He says it is "  inevitable as a result of the world 's changing economic geography . "  And Hong Kong will be boosted by the internationalization of the renminbi  China 's currency  . But we have accelerated the  West-to-East job  shift through short-sighted overregulation , penal taxation and banker bashing . " Despite those reasons , financial executives from the West will not necessarily secure a new job in the East . Three Ls Language ability , links across Asia and localization are prime deciding factors for the success of a financial services job seeker . " ` How good is your Mandarin ? ' is one of the first questions you will be asked , " says Carraway Group 's Hollands . "  Mainland China 's market has been badly serviced by private banks " and opportunities exist if you can speak the language . The second question will be about the strength of your regional relationships across Asia . "  People have to have relationships -- not just from doing well in the front office but to asset management and private wealth management in particular , " says Hollands . "  The longer one has lived in China , the better . The best is if you 've grown up here . " "  Financial services firms  are getting people who understand the local markets , " adds Lim of Value Search Asia . "  They will hire a Korean to cover Korean markets , Chinese to cover the PRC . We do see a large inflow of European and U.S. bankers  seeking jobs  , but  they are  finding it very difficult to get a job here because they do n't understand the local markets . It 's a safer bet to pick someone local . " A third question correlates with culture -- literally how far are you willing to go to give "  face . " "  I recently had a qualified candidate lose out , " says Hollands . "  He is a Korean national who had lived in Hong Kong but is currently based in Los Angeles . The guy who got the job is a local Hong Konger , and he 's here . He had a face-to-face-interview . A phone call or a video call just is n't the same . " "  Being here gets you 70 % of the way . " Looking ahead two years , the decision to relocate from West to East hinges on whether you believe financial jobs will be easier to find in Hong Kong -- as opposed to London or New York -- and whether you believe you are that much better than the competition .	Reports suggest Hong Kong could become the world 's financial capital in terms of jobs Many jobs expected to be on "  buy side " of industry , in asset and wealth fund management Analysts expect more job volatility on "  sale side , " which includes investment banking Local knowledge , language skills increasingly important in Asian market
A day after men armed with long knives stormed a railway station in the southwest Chinese city of Kunming , killing dozens of people and wounding more than 100 , authorities described what happened as a premeditated terrorist attack . Police shot dead at least four of the attackers -- who numbered more than 10 -- and were looking for the others , officials told the state-run Xinhua News Agency . Premier Li Keqiang asked that security in public places be tightened . But for Chen Guizhen , that request came too late . The 50-year-old woman told Xinhua at the hospital that her husband , Xiong Wenguang , 59 , was killed in the attack . "  Why are the terrorists so cruel ? " asked Chen , her husband 's bloody ID card shaking in her hands . The attackers gave no warning . Liu Chen , a 19-year-old student from Wuhan , capital of central China 's Hubei Province , was at the station to buy tickets when the attack began . "  At first I thought it was just someone fighting , but then I saw blood and heard people scream , and I just ran , " she said . Lu Haiyan said the slaughter began while she and a friend were standing in the ticket hall of the train station . "  Suddenly , many people started running around crazily , " she said on Tencent Weibo , a Chinese equivalent of Twitter . "  We saw two people carrying big cleavers hacking whoever is in the way . They almost got to my back . Then I lost contact with  my friend  and I saw blood splashing in front of me . " As is common in the aftermath of attacks , the casualty figures were in flux : in the same story , Xinhua reported that at least 28 civilians had been killed and 113 wounded and that 29 were confirmed dead and more than 130 wounded . Members of a separatist group from Xinjiang , in northwest China , are believed to have carried out the assault , authorities said . The report referred to them as terrorists . Police said that , in addition to killing at least four attackers , they had shot and wounded a female suspect . Train departures were not affected , Xinhua reported , citing the railway bureau . In the aftermath , postings on Sina Weibo , another Twitter-like social medium , showed local police patrolling the station , where bodies lay on the ground in blood . Chinese state TV showed investigators placing a knife -- its blade at least 2 feet long -- into an evidence bag . Mass knife attacks are not unprecedented in China . Some occurred in 2010 and 2012 , but the attacks happened at schools and did n't appear to have political connections . Chinese President Xi Jinping urged law enforcement "  to investigate and solve the case and punish the terrorists in accordance with the law , " according to Xinhua . Kunming 's railway station is one of the largest in southwest China . Two weeks ago , 11 "  terrorists " died in the Xinjiang region , Xinhua reported . Frequent outbreaks of violence have beset Xinjiang , a resource-rich area where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group .	"  We saw two people carrying big cleavers hacking whoever is in the way , " witness says Police say separatist group from northwest China to blame Four suspects reported killed ; other attackers still being sought Train departures are not affected
London , England  CNN  -- The relatives of five British sailors whose boat apparently drifted into Iranian territorial waters last week voiced relief Wednesday as their sons arrived at a yacht club in Dubai . David Young , father of sailor Oliver Young , said the families met briefly Wednesday morning with Britain 's foreign secretary and his staff , who earlier told relatives that Iran was releasing the men . "  We did say to everybody in there , and to people in Bahrain , and to people in Tehran who have been working on this how much we appreciated their efforts , how well they 've handled the situation and how glad we are to see our boys home , " Young said . The parents appeared at a news conference held in front of the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office in London . Young had said he was able to speak to his son briefly Monday on a cell phone belonging to one of the other men . The father said he was reassured that the men were being treated well . The British government identified the other sailors as Olly Smith , Sam Usher , Luke Porter and Dave Bloomer . The Times of London said Young and Porter are 21 years old , Usher is 26 , Smith is 31 , and Bloomer is believed to be in his 60s . Bloomer is from Dublin , Ireland , the paper said , and apparently has dual citizenship . Iran 's navy detained the men November 25 as their racing yacht traveled from Bahrain to Dubai for a competition . Iranian authorities said they released the men after determining that they had accidentally wandered into the country 's waters , the semi-official Fars news agency said . The sailors had told relatives that their boat became disabled and was hard to steer . Young said his son told him the group was tense when the Iranians first picked them up , but then everything was "  cool . " Another sailor said they were temporarily blindfolded . The men and their yacht were towed into international waters Wednesday , and representatives from the company that owns the boat , Sail Bahrain , met them to bring them ashore in Dubai . Early Wednesday , after receiving the call that his son , Luke , and his crewmates were going to be freed , Charles Porter spoke informally to reporters near his home . "  It was all fairly nerve-racking last night , " the father said . He said the Foreign Office awakened the family at 5:30 a.m. to tell them the news . Watch the Porters describe getting the call "  We 've spoken to Luke , " Porter said . "  He 's very , very tired . He 's been through a lot . He said that particularly the first couple of days were upsetting . " "  He got the feeling after a couple of days that they realized they were n't dealing with anything sinister , " the father added . Luke Porter 's twin sister , Jess , said she was "  absolutely over the moon -LSB- and -RSB- relieved to hear his voice . We 're such a close family . " British authorities on Tuesday had asked for a speedy resolution in the case , after an Iranian official said the sailors could be dealt with severely if it was determined they had ill intentions . Young said it probably helped that the incident was kept low-key , without a lot of media fanfare . Andrew Pindar , Sail Bahrain chairman , said Tuesday evening that the men had had problems with the boat 's propeller and that that might have caused them to drift into Iranian waters . The father of one sailor said the propeller had fallen off . Assuming that the five men might see Wednesday 's news conference , one reporter asked the parents what they would say to their son . "  I would say do n't get lost on your way to Dubai , " Young said .	Sailors ' parents hold news conference to thank all involved in release Iran detained the men last week after their yacht entered its waters The vessel was traveling from Bahrain to Dubai Authorities : Men freed after it was determined that incident accidental
CNN  -- The Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers will contest Super Bowl XLV after securing narrow victories in the NFC and AFC championship games Sunday night . The Packers beat the Chicago Bears 21-14 to claim the NFC title , with the Steelers joining them in grid-iron 's showpiece game with a later 24-19 defeat of the New York Jets to claim the AFC honors . The pair will meet at the Dallas Cowboys Stadium in Texas on Sunday February 6 with the Packers playing their first Super Bowl in 13 years . "  This is a dream come true , incredible feeling . I am at a loss for words , " Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers told the official NFL website . Rodgers scored a touchdown on the first drive of the game and B.J. Raji later crossed on a 18-yard interception return to put Green Bay 21-7 ahead . Chicago 's starting quarterback Jay Cutler struggled to make any impression as he was hampered by a knee injury . Third string Caleb Hanie took up the mantle and set up Chester Taylor for their first touchdown , but it was his mistake that allowed lineman Raji to lumber into the endzone . Hanie then picked out Earl Bennett to cut Green Bay 's lead to seven points with nearly five minutes left on the clock , but he was again intercepted and the Packers held on . The Steelers , inspired by quarterback Ben Roethlisberger , later sealed their third visit to the Super Bowl in eight years and eighth overall , but like the Packers had to survive nervous late moments . Rashard Mendenhall , who ran for 121 yards , scored their opening touchdown with Roethlisberger and William Gay also crossing as they built a 24-0 lead . The Jets battled back behind their star quarterback Mark Sanchez , who threw a pair of second half touchdown passes , the latter to Jerricho Cotchery that pulled them to 24-19 with just over three minutes left . But Roethlisberger made sure the Steelers kept their lead as he connected with Heath Miller and Antonio Brown to seal a memorable victory .	Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers reach Super Bowl XLV The Packers see off old rivals Chicago Bears 21-14 in NFC championship game Pittsburgh beat New York Jets 24-19 to claim AFC title Dallas hosts NFL 's showpiece game on Sunday February 6
CNN  -- She 's only 23 , but Deepika Padukone is already living a life millions would envy . From calendar model to Bollywood big-time : Deepika Padukone . The model-turned-actress was spotted in a music video and then cast in one of the biggest grossing films in Bollywood history . She still only has three movies under her belt , but star status has already been bestowed upon her . With no family connections to the film industry and not being from Mumbai , Padukone traveled a route to movie stardom millions could only dream of . After deciding to become a model at the age of 16 , she was picked out of a music video by acclaimed director Farah Khan and cast in her next film opposite Shahrukh Khan . "  Om Shanti Om " went on to become not only a hit in India , but also gained wider acclaim among western audiences . "  I completely did n't expect it . When I met Farah I thought she was joking . And at that point it seemed too good to be true . Shahrukh is someone who I 've grown up watching , and I did n't think that I deserve being a part of such a huge film . It 's only later , when I met Shahrukh and when things actually started happening , when I realized that this is for real , " she told CNN . Despite her meteoric rise to fame and work on some big budget films she believes she 's learning the job of being an A-list Bollywood actress . "  I had great debut , a successful film , but after that ... I would think it 's quite difficult to choose the right film . You never know what 's right and what 's wrong , " she said . "  Things for me changed quite overnight , actually . I remember a couple of months before the film release , not too many people knew me . In November 2007 when my film released and immediately after that I had to travel to New York , to Dubai and to London , and suddenly everyone on the streets started recognizing me , especially the Indians . That 's when I realized that things have changed . " With the public attention has come the inevitable media spotlight on her private life . She says she never experienced the "  casting couch " but is consistently romantically linked with other Bollywood stars , and there were rumors about a relationship with Indian cricketer MS Dhoni . "  As someone who did n't know how to deal with it , yes it was really difficult for me initially to read about myself or to read about things that are untrue . But I think slowly you start learning to deal with these things . " Padukone 's father was a professional badminton player , and she played too as a teenager , traveling across the country to compete in tournaments . But by her late teens she decided she wanted to be a model and got the full support of her parents . "  I trained , I lost some weight . I then got a portfolio done . I sent it to Bombay to a couple of agencies and waited for awhile . I think that period is really the most challenging . Because that 's really the time that one can really go wrong . The waiting period . You can really make some wrong decisions and go completely wrong , " she told CNN . "  I had the support of my family . I did n't get carried away . I think I was patient enough to wait for the right assignment to come my way . " As a model she appeared in commercials and music videos . Since her move into the movie business more commercial endorsements have come her way , but in an industry notorious for its high turnover of starlets she is aware that for actresses there is often a limited shelf-life . "  For me my life now is my work . But I know that at some point I will have to have a life beyond my work . And I know that today there 's me , tomorrow there will be someone else . Maybe I 'll be here for 5 years , maybe I 'll be here for many , many years . "  I 'm definitely going to work hard and make sure that I can be here for as long as I can , but I 'll also make sure that people do n't get bored of me . And ... yes , let 's see how it goes . "	Padukone was picked out from a music video to star in "  Om Shanti Om " 23-year-old began career as a model and has appeared in three movies so far She has no family connections to movie industry
First light creeps over Chobe National Park as I climb groggily into a Land Rover and head out for an early morning game drive . On any other African safari you would expect to hear the roar of a diesel engine as the hulking vehicle shudders into gear , breaking the stillness of dawn . But on this morning , our guide Lebo starts the Landy unnoticed and we glide silently away from the lodge , off to see elephants and lions in an almost zen-like quietness . I 've been to wildlife reserves all over Africa but this , for me , is a first . An electric safari . Not only is it kinder to the environment , but -- as I discovered during my stay at Chobe Game Lodge -- a far better way to see wild animals . In the lodge 's converted electric Land Rover , silent and smooth , we hear every bird , every rustle of the bush . Lebo stops so we can take photos of the brilliant orange sunrise ; we then continue quietly along , listening to the alarm calls of baboons and the chatter of guinea fowl descending from their roost . Such an experience is a rare thing indeed . Chobe Game Lodge , located inside the national park on Botswana 's northern border with Namibia , Zambia and Zimbabwe , launched what it describes as the world 's first electric safari fleet in late November . The lodge is rolling out both electric game drive vehicles -- retrofitted Land Rovers -- and electric boats , for game-viewing cruises along the Chobe River . Huge elephant population The power supply comes from the hydroelectric grid supplied by southern Africa 's mighty Victoria Falls . Chobe 's fleet is being converted to electricity by a South Africa-based firm called Freedom Won . The lodge 's general manager hit on the idea after reading an article about the company 's work . Antony English , a Freedom Won co-owner , says electric vehicles are well suited to game viewing , and "  just so kind to our environment . " The converted Land Rovers are rugged and perform well on Chobe 's sandy trails . The first vehicle put into operation -- our ride for the day -- has been dubbed "  Freedom 3 . " "  Most of you will have been on a game drive , and you would have had to put up with the diesel motor and the noise , and the vibration and smoke , " English says . "  Just think about that when you drive Freedom 3 , and think about the contrast . " Chobe is special because of the concentration of game along the riverfront , giving visitors the option of both game drives on land and cruises on the water . The national park is also known for its large elephant population , with upwards of 120,000 elephants in the Chobe area . The best time to visit is during the May to October dry season , when animals gather near the river . When the rains come , the herds disperse into the bush . The upside is that there are few tourists , the downside is scant wild animals to be seen . In front of the Chobe Game Lodge , running above the river , is a long boardwalk punctuated by seating and viewing areas from which visitors can spot grazing hippos , plus warthogs , impalas and all sorts of bird life . Liz Taylor 's honeymoon suite It 's easy to see why the actress Elizabeth Taylor fell in love with this place , visiting Chobe Game Lodge repeatedly and even marrying Richard Burton -- for the second time -- on the river 's edge . A tip for Liz Taylor fans : request room 210 to stay in her honeymoon suite , the most private of all rooms , with its own plunge pool and terrace . The five-star lodge 's decor has been updated since the 1975 wedding , so -- perhaps mercifully -- none of the Taylor-era feel is preserved . Now there 's an airy Zanzibar-inspired design , complete with oversized cushions , wooden frames and vintage lanterns . Most international visitors to Chobe will arrive at the small Kasane International Airport , 15 kilometers  9.3 miles  from the lodge , connecting from either Johannesburg in neighboring South Africa , or from Botswana 's capital Gaborone . Both are about a two-hour flight away . Kasane is probably the only airport in Africa to have its own parking bay for electric vehicles -- a new addition , with the lodge intending to use electric Land Rovers for ferrying guests . Day trips are possible from Chobe to Victoria Falls , on the Zambian-Zimbabwean border , only 90 minutes away . Jonathan Gibson , CEO of the company that owns Chobe Game Lodge , and a board member for the national park , worries about the growing number of big polluting boats on the Chobe River , and general crowding in the riverfront area . He and the Chobe board want river traffic restricted to electric boats , with the exception of fishing boats and local ferries , within three years . "  This is the way to go , " Gibson says . "  It 's going to revolutionize what happens on the river here . " On land there are safari vehicle traffic jams , mostly polite though some tourists lose the plot . I watched as a khaki-clad German visitor screamed at another group of tourists for momentarily blocking his distant view of sleeping lions . As in most other national parks , vehicles are n't allowed off the tracks at Chobe , in order to protect the natural environment . Sounds of silence As the only lodge within the national park 's boundaries , Chobe Game Lodge is well positioned . Morning drives and afternoon cruises generally start a half-hour early to get a head start on the other tourists . All of the guides are women , highly unusual at game lodges across Africa . The lodge also offers a more unusual tour . Albert Ndereki , 62 , a longtime employee , leads an eco-tour that takes guests behind the scenes , into the kitchen , laundry room and other places a tourist would never normally visit . Ndereki proudly explains the process of recycling glass bottles into cement bricks used for building , reusing gray water for the garden , and shows off the interesting  though rather smelly  bio gas plant , in which food waste is converted into methane gas used for cooking . "  This is our park , " Ndereki tells us . "  We have to look after it . " On a late-afternoon river cruise , we experience the sounds of silence again . As our electric boat turns a bend , we spot a herd of elephants tentatively coming down to the river for a drink of water . An African fish eagle sits motionless as we glide by . A crocodile basking on the shore 's edge does n't move either , until a grumpy elephant decides to chase it away . We sit watching and listening to the elephants as dusk settles over the Chobe River . But the next morning is a rude awakening : back to a bumpy old diesel-fueled Land Rover for our final game drive through the park . The lodge 's fleet is still being converted to electric and it is a slow process , though the plan is to have a total of 13 game drive vehicles and six boats . Our guide catches sight of a Jacobin Cuckoo and we pull up to get a better look , our diesel motor roaring . The bird flees . My seatmate puts down his camera , grumbling : "  It would still be there if we were in the electric vehicle . " Chobe Game Lodge , Serondela , Botswana ; +267 625 0340	Chobe Game Lodge is converting its fleet of Land Rovers to run off electricity Electric vehicles are less environmentally harmful and quiet enough to sneak up on animals The lodge 's guides are all women -- unusual for safaris in Africa
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- In a possible portent of growing factional conflict , a leading Kurdish minister was removed from Iraq 's government , and the Kurdish semi-autonomous government took over two oilfields in the north , officials said Friday . Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari , the face of Iraqi diplomacy for a more than a decade , was removed Friday by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , two senior Iraqi government officials said . Zebari 's ouster occurred as Kurds in Iraq 's government launched a boycott followed comments made Thursday by al-Maliki , who purportedly linked ISIS extremists and Baathists to the Kurdish Regional Government in Irbil . The Kurds strongly dispute al-Maliki 's allegations and say he wants to scapegoat the Kurds for his failures in northern Iraq and divert attention from how ISIS militants have poured into Iraq and waged warfare against the government , a senior Kurdish official said . The senior Kurdish official accused al-Maliki of trying to turn a conflict between al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government and Sunnis -- some of whom have supported the extremists from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria -- into a dispute between Arabs and Kurds . Appointed as interim foreign minister was Hussain Shahristani , a Shiite and an al-Maliki adviser who is deputy prime minister for energy affairs , two senior Iraqi government officials said . The officials told CNN that Zebari was replaced after Kurdish ministers boycotted Cabinet meetings . CNN was not able to reach anyone at the Prime Minister 's office for comment . Oil field seizures Meanwhile , the Kurds ' Peshmerga forces on Friday seized two oilfields -- one medium-sized and the other small -- though the fields were n't under any threat from ISIS , a Kurdish government source said . The Kurds took the oilfields after accusing Iraq 's Ministry of Oil of trying to "  sabotage the recent mutually-agreed pipeline infrastructure linking the Avana dome with the Khurmala field " in northern Iraq , the Kurdish Regional Government said . That new pipeline was to help increase revenues for Iraq "  at a time of great need and at a time when most of the Iraq-Turkey pipeline is under ISIS control , " the Kurdish government said . The Kurdish government accused Baghdad of ordering officials not to use the new pipeline to export oil and instead to re-inject the oil back into an unused field in Kirkuk in the north . "  This politically motivated decision risked causing great damage to the field in question with a permanent loss of most of the oil that has been re-injected . It has also deprived the people of Iraq of much-needed oil export revenue , " the Kurdish government said . "  This morning 's events have shown that the  Kurdish Regional Government  is determined to protect and defend Iraq 's oil infrastructure whenever it is threatened by acts of terrorism or , as in this case , politically motivated sabotage , " the Kurdish government said . Despite being unable to export , the Avana and Makhmour fields were producing about 110,000 barrels of oil per day , the Kurdish government said . Baghdad and Irbil have long been at odds , especially over Article 140 of the 2005 Iraqi Constitution . The document called for a referendum that never happened : the vote was supposed to have determined the final status of several disputed areas such as Kirkuk and small villages in Nineveh , Diyala and Salaheddin claimed by the central government and the Kurdistan government . Baghdad often accuses Irbil of signing illegal oil deals . A minister since the U.S. invasion As a leading Kurdish and government figure in Iraq , Zebari had been Iraq 's foreign minister since 2003 , after the U.S.-led overthrow of Saddam Hussein , according to his profile on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website . Before that , he was involved in the Kurdish resistance against the Hussein regime , and he was head of the Kurdish Democratic Party 's international relations bureau . His ouster came as Kurdistan Regional Government President Massoud Barzani called on all Kurdish members of the Iraqi parliament and Kurdish ministers in the Iraqi government to return to the Kurdistan region in northern Iraq , said Khasro Goran , a leader in the KDP Kurdish Party . Goran , also head of the KDP bloc in the Iraqi parliament , added that no Kurdish member of parliament will attend Sunday 's parliament session called for by the caretaker speaker of parliament , Mehdi al-Hafez . Goran also told CNN that the Kurdish ministers in the Iraqi government will not participate in Cabinet meetings for the time being . Kurdish participation in Iraq 's government formation will depend on the outcome of the decisions made by the Kurdish alliance in Irbil , a senior Kurdish official told CNN . Last month , Barzani gave his strongest-ever indication that the Kurdish region would seek formal independence from the rest of Iraq , he told CNN . "  Iraq is obviously falling apart , " Barzani said . "  The time is here for the Kurdistan people to determine their future and the decision of the people is what we are going to uphold . " Iraqi Kurdish independence has long been something of a dream , and the region has had semi-autonomy from Baghdad for more than two decades . But Iraq 's latest crisis , in which Sunni extremists have captured a large swath of Iraqi territory on the border of Iraqi Kurdistan , seems to have pushed the Kurds over the edge . "  Now we are living -LSB- in -RSB- a new Iraq , which is different completely from the Iraq that we always knew , the Iraq that we lived in 10 days or two weeks ago , " Barzani said last month . MAPS : Understanding the Iraq crisis CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari , a Kurd , was removed from his post , officials say His ouster comes as Kurds boycott the government Kurds are angered by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's comments linking ISIS to Kurds A Kurd official says al-Maliki is trying to create an Arab-Kurd conflict as a diversion
CNN  -- World champion Thor Hushovd is the new leader of the Tour de France after his Garmin-Cervelo team won Sunday 's second stage team time-trial . The 33-year-old Norwegian , a winner of eight Tour stages , as well as twice taking the green points jersey for best sprinter , leads British teammate David Millar in the overall classification after the pair helped Garmin win the 23km stage around Les Essarts in a time of 24 minutes , 48 seconds . BMC Racing , Team Sky and Team Leopard finished second , third and fourth respectively , just four seconds behind Garmin , with HTC-Highroad another second behind in fifth place . Tour champion Contador deserves respect Philippe Gilbert , who wore yellow after winning Saturday 's opening stage , has dropped down to 30th in the standings after his Omega Pharma-Lotto team finished 39 seconds behind in 10th place . Hushovd takes yellow courtesy of finishing above Millar in Saturday 's opening stage , where he came home six seconds behind Gilbert in third place . Australian Cadel Evans , twice a runner-up in the Tour , lies third overall , just a second behind the Garmin duo , with Briton Geraint Thomas leading a host of riders who are four seconds adrift . Hushovd , who has worn the yellow jersey three times previously , told reporters : "  It was a big dream of mine to pull on the yellow jersey as world champion , so you can imagine how happy I feel . "  We trained hard for this event and spoke beforehand of about what we had to do , and what to avoid , " he added . However , it proved another disastrous day for defending champion Alberto Contador , who is already playing catch-up as he attempts to win the race for a fourth time . The 28-year-old Spaniard , who is trying to become the first rider since Marco Pantani in 1998 to win the Giro d'Italia and Tour de France in the same year , lost over a minute on Saturday after getting held up by a crash late in the stage . And that deficit increased still further after his Saxo Bank team finished 28 seconds behind in eighth place . Contador is now trailing in 75th position in the general classification , one minute and 42 seconds behind Hushovd . However , Crucially , he is now 1:41 and 1:38 behind Evans and Andy Schleck , who share the past four runners-up places in the race .	Thor Hushovd wears the yellow jersey in the Tour de France after stage two The Norwegian 's Garmin-Cervelo team claim victory in the team time-trial Defending champion Alberto Contador is trailing in 75th position overall
London , England  CNN  -- On Sunday Pope Benedict XVI will conduct an open-air beatification Mass for the English cardinal John Henry Newman . The Mass at Birmingham 's Cofton Park is the centerpiece of his UK visit , yet the majority of British people know little about the cardinal or the significant role he played in the spread of Catholicism . Who is Cardinal Newman and why is he being beatified ? Born John Henry Newman in 1801 , he was an English priest who converted to Catholicism and was eventually made a cardinal by Rome . He headed a movement of theologians to bring the Anglican Church back to its papal roots and was a famous author in Victorian Britain . Pope Benedict XVI is thought to be a long-time fan of his writings . This is not the reason for his beatification , however . The Vatican 's decision follows a long investigation into a supposed miracle that a deacon in Boston claimed to have experienced after offering a prayer to Newman . Why is Pope Benedict such a fan ? Cardinal Newman is seen by Catholics as a great spiritual thinker and reformer . He led a movement of Anglicans , known as the Oxford Movement , whose aim was to return the Church of England to its Catholic roots . He converted at the age of 44 , and was made a cardinal by Pope Leo XIII . His most well-known work , the Apologia , was a memoir of his spiritual journey and is considered by critics as one of the great autobiographies of its time . His writings won him popularity and critical success -- the Irish writer James Joyce called him "  the greatest of English prose writers . " Benedict meanwhile delivered a paper on Newman 25 years ago comparing him with Socrates and Thomas More , an English statesman who was executed by Henry VIII for refusing to recognize the king 's legitimacy as the head of the church . What does it mean if someone is beatified ? A person is beatified -- or made blessed -- only after it has been proved that a miracle can be attributed to them following a petition by someone in need . What happened in the case of Cardinal Newman ? The petition came from a deacon in Boston who believes that the dead priest cured him from crippling back pain . Doctors told Jack Sullivan in 2000 he would have to quit his religious studies to undergo surgery . He was watching a television show about Cardinal Newman and at the end there was an appeal asking anyone who had prayed to the cardinal and experienced a miracle to get in touch . Sullivan offered a prayer asking Newman to help him walk again so that he could return to his studies . The next day he says the pain had gone . After investigating the deacon 's petition over several years , the Vatican decided it was valid . How does the Vatican judge who should be a saint ? A person who is beatified is given the title "  Blessed . " It is one of the steps in the canonization process by which someone is eventually recognized as a saint . In order for this to happen , a second miracle must be recorded and verified . There is also a long investigation headed by the Vatican 's Congregation for the Causes of Saints . Throughout , a Vatican official called the "  general promoter of the faith , " or devil 's advocate , raises objections and doubts which must be resolved by the other priests . As part of the canonization , the Church sometimes even digs up the remains of the candidate . For example , the body of Pope John XXIII , who died in 1963 , was exhumed when he was beatified . According to the Vatican , the body was found to be unusually well preserved .	The Pope is in Britain for the beatification of Cardinal John Henry Newman Newman led a movement to return the Church of England to its Catholic roots A miracle needs to be attributed to a person before they can be beatified
CNN  -- South Africa 's embattled police commissioner resigned Sunday as president of Interpol , a day after he took an extended leave of absence from his police duties , the international crime-fighting agency said in a statement . South Africa police commissioner Jackie Selebi , facing charges of corruption , has stepped down as boss of Interpol . Interpol 's Secretary-General Ronald Noble received a resignation letter on Sunday from Jackie Selebi , who is facing charges of corruption related to his role as police commissioner , the agency said . The charges are not related to his leadership role in Interpol . In the letter , Selebi said he was resigning because he did not wish the allegations against him "  to bring the good work of this august body into disrepute . " "  Based on my experience of working with Mr. Selebi in his capacity as delegate , vice president and ultimately president of the organization , he has always conducted himself and acted in a way to enhance global security and police co-operation worldwide , " Noble said in a statement . As to the charges Selebi faces , Noble said : "  Any such allegations should be prosecuted thoroughly , and the proper manner is for charges to be brought promptly before a court of law and not through media leaks and speculation . " On Saturday , South African President Thabo Mbeki told a news conference in Pretoria , South Africa , that Selebi had been given an "  extended leave of absence " from his police duties , but that he was not being sacked . Mbeki said Selebi supported the decision -- taken midnight Friday and effective immediately -- to temporarily step down and that an acting commissioner had already been appointed to take his place . The National Prosecuting Authority said it will charge the police chief with "  corruption and defeating the administration of justice , " Tladi Tladi , a spokesman for the agency told CNN . According to widespread media reports , the upcoming charges hinge on Selebi 's dealings with Glen Agliotti , a convicted drug smuggler . The suspended police chief is alleged to have accepted at least 1.2 million Rand  $ 177,000  from Agliotti over a 5-year period , the South African daily Cape Argus reported . In return Selebi allegedly handed over confidential intelligence reports from the British authorities relating to Agliotti 's suspected drug-trafficking activities , according to the newspaper . Tladi said the corruption charges were linked to Agliotti "  to a certain extent . " Agliotti recently received a 10-year suspended prison sentence in a drug case after entering into a plea bargain . He is also accused of involvement in the 2005 killing of mining magnate Brett Kebble , according to South African media reports . A court on Friday rejected an application to halt the prosecution by Selebi , who has been under investigation for around two years . Mbeki denied that he had been too slow in dealing with the fallout from the charges . "  I have said many times that if there was anyone who came to me with information indicating that the national commissioner had behaved improperly then I would act on such information . No one has come to me with such information , " Mbeki said . E-mail to a friend	Jackie Selebi , South African police chief , takes leave as faces corruption charges Also steps down as head of Interpol , although charges are not related to that position Charged with taking money from a convicted drug smuggler over a 5-year period South African President Thabo Mbeki denies he has been slow in dealing with affair
CNN  -- A Colorado company is recalling about 66,000 pounds of ground and tenderized steak bison meat that may be contaminated with a potentially deadly strain of E. coli , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service . Five cases of E. coli O157 : H7 illnesses in Colorado from June 4 to June 9 are believed to be associated with the products , officials said Friday . The meat was distributed to retail establishments nationwide and to food service distributors in Utah and Arizona . The products , produced between May 21 and May 27 , are being recalled by Rocky Mountain Natural Meats of Henderson , Colorado . Although the sell-by dates on the products have passed , the Food Safety and Inspection Service said some consumers might have frozen the meat before using it , "  and there is concern that some product may still be frozen and in consumers ' freezers . " The recalled products include : • 16-ounce packages of Great Range All Natural Ground Bison with a sell - or freeze-by date of June 21 , 22 , or 24 . • 16-ounce packages of Nature 's Rancher Ground Buffalo with a sell - or freeze-by date of June 22 . • 16-ounce packages of The Buffalo Guys All Natural Ground Buffalo 90 Percent Lean with a lot number of 0147 . • 12-ounce packages of Great Range Brand All Natural Bison Steak Medallions with a sell - or freeze-by date of June 23 and 24 . • 12-ounce packages of Great Range Brand All Natural Bison Sirloin Steaks with a sell - or freeze-by date of June 20 , 23 and 24 . • 15-pound boxes of Rocky Mountain Natural Meats Inc. . Bison 10 oz . Sirloin Steaks , which went to restaurants and bear a Julian Code of 0141 . E. coli O157 : H7 is a bacterium that can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration and , in severe cases , kidney failure . It can be fatal . "  The very young , seniors and persons with weak immune systems are the most susceptible to foodborne illness , " the agency said .	5 cases of E. coli contamination may be linked to bison meat Some consumers may have frozen meat Meat distributed to retail establishments and food distributors in Utah and Arizona
CNN  -- Montana 's chief federal judge has offered his apologies for forwarding a racist e-mail aimed at President Barack Obama . Liberal advocacy groups demanded that U.S. District Judge Richard Cebull resign . Cebull , in an interview Wednesday with the Billings Gazette newspaper , offered his regrets for forwarding the e-mail , saying it was "  a hard lesson to learn . " "  To say it 's inappropriate and stupid is an extreme understatement , " Cebull said in courthouse chambers on Wednesday , according to the newspaper . "  There is no doubt it 's racist . It was n't forwarded for that purpose . If anything , it was political . " The Billings-based judge was named to the bench by President George W. Bush in 2001 . He has been chief judge since 2008 , overseeing two other full-time district judges , three senior or part-time judges and five magistrates . His chambers did not return a call from CNN for comment . Cebull did not write the offensive material , but admitted forwarding the February 20 message to a few friends after it was sent to him by his brother . The Great Falls Tribune newspaper was given a copy and reported the message went : "  Normally I do n't send or forward a lot of these , but even by my standards , it was a bit touching . I want all of my friends to feel what I felt when I read this . Hope it touches your heart like it did mine . "  A little boy said to his mother , ` Mommy , how come I 'm black and you 're white ? ' His mother replied , ` Do n't even go there Barack ! From what I can remember about that party , you 're lucky you do n't bark ! ' " Obama is of mixed race . Cebull said in the interview his conduct in court over many years has shown he is not a racist , but he admitted the public got that impression from the e-mail . "  And I do n't blame them , " he added . The judge also separately told the Great Falls Tribune , "  The only reason I can explain it to you is I am not a fan of our president , but this goes beyond not being a fan . I did n't send it as racist , although that 's what it is . I sent it out because it 's anti-Obama . " Some legal organizations said the apology was not enough . "  If he has any respect for his office and for ideals of equality and human dignity on which our country was founded , Judge Cebull will step down today , " said Bob Edgar , president and CEO of the left-leaning nonprofit Common Cause . "  The message he has acknowledged circulating demonstrates a lack of judicial temperament that ought to disqualify him from further service . " It 's rare and generally very difficult to force federal judges from office . They receive tenure , and the Constitution guarantees they can remain on the bench "  during good behavior . " Standards warranting removal are not clear , beyond a violation of civil or criminal law . Congress would have to initiate impeachment proceedings , but the few judges to face that have usually resigned before those proceedings went far . There is no indication the judge in Montana would be subjected to either option .	District Judge Richard Cebull calls action "  inappropriate and stupid " It was n't meant to be racist , he says ; it was political He should resign , the left-leaning nonprofit Common Cause says
CNN  -- There was n't a cloud in the sky early Friday when Dave Samuels trained his telescopes at the moon , hoping to catch a glimpse of a NASA rocket striking the lunar landscape . The moon , shown shortly before NASA 's rockets hit on Friday morning . "  We saw nothing , " he said . Samuels is vice president of the Fremont Peak Observatory near Monterey , California , which had invited members of the public to watch Friday 's NASA mission through its telescopes . The lunar strike happened shortly after 4:30 a.m. on the West Coast  7:30 a.m. ET  . NASA had encouraged everyone around the country to host "  impact parties , " saying the plume of dust generated by the lunar impact would be visible through "  mid-sized backyard " telescopes 10 inches or larger . It said the chances of seeing the plume were greater for people living in areas that were still dark . The space agency even posted an interactive map on its Web site so people could find "  a public event near you . " NASA officials had said the impact of the Centaur upper-stage rocket would result in plumes of dust of more than 250 metric tons . After it hit , the debris was analyzed by a satellite -- launched along with the rocket -- that traveled through the dust cloud before its own impact on the moon . The goal of the $ 79 million mission was to determine whether there is water on the moon . After the impact , NASA officials called the mission a success , saying the satellite sent back a good amount of data that now will be analyzed . Jennifer Stracener of Vilonia , Arkansas , said she got up early to watch NASA 's live telecast of the impact . She was disappointed , and posted her reaction on CNN 's iReport.com . "  These was no plume , no nothing , " she said by phone . "  It just kind of blacked out . " She said the telecast did not show the rocket 's impact clearly . "  I was looking for some action -- something happening , " she said . "  I think a lot of people were , because they -LSB- NASA -RSB- hyped it up , you know . ... No one saw anything . " Stracener woke up her husband and two children to see the lunar crash . She said she wishes she had n't . Darrick Gray , a high school science teacher near Kansas City , Missouri , had planned to take some of his students to the nearby Powell Observatory to watch the lunar impact through their telescopes -- but they decided to skip the field trip because of bad weather . "  This is truly a once-in-a-lifetime thing , " Gray had said beforehand . Gray -- who is also the director of the Astronomical Society of Kansas City -- said he had hoped the mission would influence his students to think about pursuing careers in science . "  Being as we do live here in Missouri , we 're away from the hub -LSB- of astronomy -RSB- , " he explained . "  We 're not in Florida , we 're not in Texas , we 're not in Silicon Valley -- it 's not something they 're used to seeing . "  So any time you can show them something that 's never been done , and they say , ` Oh this is pretty cool , ' I think they buy into that . " NASA held an all-night party at Ames Research Center -- located just outside San Francisco -- which was directing the mission . There were movies , music , food and guest speakers , and it culminated with a live transmission of the lunar impact . "  I would have loved to see , you know , huge amounts of dust flying up and ejecta , but we did n't , " said Liza Coe , who attended the Ames event . "  I thought it was so neat being able to see just as we got closer and closer to the moon and realizing that that was really happening right now . "  It was n't just a picture of the moon that somebody was putting up . " Back at Fremont Peak Observatory , even though most of the 50 people who attended the "  impact party " were disappointed , they were good sports about the "  failure , " Samuels said . Even Samuels , who has been an astronomer since he was 15 years old , said he got a lot out of the viewing party -- which he said was standing-room only . "  I do n't look at the moon so much because it 's always there ... so I got to know the moon 's craters better , " he said . "  And I think the people that attended , some of them that were disappointed , -LSB- still -RSB- felt like it was worth coming and being part of something that was going on . " He said he hopes the event generates more support for the observatory , which is run by volunteers . It is located in Fremont Peak State Park , which is on a list of state parks that could close because of California 's recent budget cuts . "  We 're trying to promote interest in the peak and every single person that came was part of that , " he said . "  They all learned something . " Fremont Peak Observatory has a 30-inch telescope that Samuels described as "  the most accessible public telescope in the -LSB- San Francisco -RSB- Bay area . " He said he hoped that the reason they did n't see a plume from the rocket impact was n't because of "  another case where somebody forgot to carry the one " -- a reference to incorrect mathematical computation , which was blamed for the failure of the Mars Surveyor Climate Orbiter mission to Mars in 1999 . He suggested that next time , NASA might want to be "  a little more careful suggesting people should get out of bed at 4:30 in the morning and haul their kids out there . " CNN 's John D. Sutter contributed to this report .	NASA crashes rockets into the moon on Friday to test for lunar water The space agency touts the event as an opportunity for amateur astronomers Many say the event was a dud ; a woman says she saw nothing on NASA TV Man says NASA should be more careful before asking people to wake at 4:30 a.m.
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- We were scheduled to speak with Steve Martin just after his sound check for a concert in Los Angeles to benefit the city 's public libraries . We pulled into the parking structure 45 minutes early when my cell phone rang . It was Martin 's publicist . Steve Martin has been playing the banjo for decades . His new album is a collection of bluegrass tunes . "  Hey , where are you ? " she asked urgently . "  We 're in the garage , " I replied . "  Can you get up here quickly ? He 's ready . " A musician ready early ? There goes his street cred . Interviewing Martin can be like an awkward first date . Like many comedians , he 's polite , but he sometimes struggles to make eye contact , gives monosyllabic answers and leaves the impression that he wants to be anywhere but talking to you . But when the subject is his new album , "  The Crow : New Songs for the Five-String Banjo , " he 's chatty , enthusiastic and engaged . On the CD , the comic/actor/novelist / playwright/musician shows off his picking skills as well as his ability to craft witty bluegrass songs with titles such as "  Hoedown at Alice 's , " "  Wally on the Run " and "  Late for School . " It 's been his passion for 45 of his 63 years . This past weekend , the ultimate Hollywood hyphenate made his debut at the Grand Ole Opry . "  The Crow " has received more than respectable reviews , but that 's not surprising , given Martin 's uncanny ability to excel in whatever he does -- except maybe idle chitchat . The following is an edited version of the interview : CNN : People know you as a versatile artist , but now it 's about the banjo and your bluegrass album , "  The Crow : New Songs for the Five-String Banjo . " Steve Martin : I did a lot of things when I first started out . In order to be in show business , I juggled , I did magic tricks , cards tricks and I played the banjo . CNN : You 've been playing it for 45 years , right ? Martin : Yes , I have . It 's a long time , and I remember when I was going through a particularly difficult time of learning , I 'd go , "  Well , if I just stick with it , one day I 'll be saying , ` I 've been playing for 40 years . ' " CNN : Picking up the banjo might seem likely if you grew up in the Appalachians -- maybe Kentucky or somewhere down South . But you grew up in Garden Grove , California . This is the O.C. Martin : There was a lot of musical activity in Orange County in the 1960s . There were the Dillards , and Doc Watson would come by , Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , all these different players . I also had this friend , John McEuen , in high school , and he played , and he actually produced this album now -- 45 years later . -LSB- McEuen is a founding member of country-bluegrass group , the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band . -RSB- CNN : Is n't John the one who taught you how to do an "  Open D " tuning on the banjo ? Martin : Yes , he did . CNN : See , I read your CD liner notes . -LSB- Both laugh -RSB- There 's a cute little story in there about taking a photo of the three things you love most -- your wife , your dog and the banjo . Martin : Well , we all love more things that that . I just happened to take a photo , and there was my wife , my dog and my banjo , all in the same shot -- and I thought , "  Oh , that 's like a family portrait right there . " CNN : Sounds like your next Christmas card to me . ... You 're playing a benefit for the Los Angeles Public Library . Martin : As you can see , it 's sold out -LSB- gestures to an empty room -RSB- . ... You know , it 's also a little bit sneaky , because doing a benefit takes the pressure off having to be so great . This is the first time I 've really played banjo live as a concert -- ever . I mean , I 've played a song or two , but I 've never done a dozen songs , so I hope people will be forgiving . CNN : Are you nervous at all ? Martin : I 'm a little nervous . CNN : Really ? A little butterfly or two ? I 'm surprised . Martin : No butterflies , but it 's very different playing music onstage if you 're not used to it . I mean , doing comedy is one thing . I used to get nervous on that , but I was very practiced . I 'm as practiced as I can be . I 'm performing with the Steep Canyon Rangers , a group I met in North Carolina . They 're a renowned bluegrass group -- young men who play and sing really , really well . I 'm lucky to have them . CNN : You 've won three Grammys and an Emmy . You do all kinds of things -- a modern-day Renaissance man . Martin : Well , in a strange way , I do n't have a job , so I have a lot of time on my hands . When I do work , it might be very concentrated , and it might be months where you 're not really doing anything except maybe playing the banjo or writing something . You know , there 's a lot of time in the day if you 're not working 9 to 5 . CNN : Writing books , writing plays , doing comedy , writing music ? Martin : It 's been a long life . CNN : So have you decided whether you 're going to embark on a full-fledged tour ? Martin : I 'm kind of seeing if -- you know , I have n't really performed for a long , long time -- 30 years live onstage . You know , I 've done things like host the Oscars and things like that . But it 's a little different . You have to get comfortable , you really have to know what you 're doing , and it has to be almost boring to you to be able to do it well . You have to be so confident . I need to get some shows under my belt just to feel really good about it . CNN : They always say comedians are the least confident people in the entertainment industry . Do you feel like you 're not confident ? Martin : No , I feel confident , but I know what they mean because when you tell a joke , it might last six seconds , and then you have to tell another joke . But a song lasts three minutes , and then you have another song for three minutes and you 've killed six minutes . In that time , a comedian does 360 jokes . Might not be the right math but anyway . CNN : When you guest-hosted "  Saturday Night Live " in January , you performed one of the songs on your new album -- which you immediately made available on the Web . Martin : It was an exclusive release on Amazon because I knew I was doing "  SNL , " and I wanted the record to be available , and the only way you could get it available that quickly was electronically . And now it 's out on Rounder in a more normal release now . CNN : Are you a big iPod guy who downloads stuff constantly ? Martin : I do , a lot . I find a lot of songs that way . I use the Internet a lot to find music . I always download it legally -- especially my own songs . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I think it 's very important to keep that honor among yourselves . CNN : Who do you find a lot of your fans are musically ? Are they people who have followed your career from the early days of "  SNL " ? Martin : I honestly do n't know . It 's too new . I do n't know if there are any fans . I know that the record sold really well on Amazon , but you know there 's a bluegrass audience for bluegrass music , and there 's probably an audience that wants to see , "  OK , let 's see if this idiot can play . " CNN : Can you ? Martin : We 'll see tonight . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I do have a record out .	Steve Martin 's new album is not comedy but features bluegrass music Martin is an accomplished banjo player , often used instrument as prop Martin just made debut at Grand Ole Opry in Nashville , Tennessee
CNN  -- An explosion in the Maldives ' capital of Male Saturday injured at least 12 people , Maldives officials and the British Foreign Office confirmed to CNN . Two of those injured in the 1:30 p.m. blast  4:30 a.m. ET  were British tourists , the Foreign Office said . Maldives Minister of Tourism , Dr. Mahamood Shougee , told CNN the British tourists suffered significant burns in the explosion . Two Japanese tourists and eight Chinese people were also injured , but less seriously , Shougee said . He told CNN the explosive was a small , homemade device . It detonated in a park area that houses the country 's national museum , he added . Police are investigating the blast , but Shougee said "  it is too early to comment or speculate who might have done it . " "  It is a sad day for The Maldives . The government is resolved to find the culprit and make sure this does n't happen again . " E-mail to a friend	Maldives govt : At least 12 foreign tourists injured in homemade bomb blast NEW British tourists suffered significant burns in the explosion Chinese and Japanese tourists among those hurt in incident in capital Male Govt toursim minister : "  It is a sad day for The Maldives "
LAWRENCE , Kansas  CNN  -- It started with a sore throat . Then her chest was burning . Arielle Spiridigliozzi is one of 350 students who have contracted H1N1 at the University of Kansas . University of Kansas freshman Arielle Spiridigliozzi said she thought her symptoms were signs of allergies , or maybe even a sinus infection . It could n't be H1N1 , she thought . But it was . "  I mean , I 'd never , ever guessed that coming into freshman year I would get the friggin ' swine flu , " Spiridigliozzi said . Now she accessorizes her royal blue T-shirt with a mask . A stuffy nose , body aches , fever and coughing make up the litany of symptoms , Spiridigliozzi , 18 , and her roommate , Kaitlyn Perry , 18 , said they have suffered . For more than a day , the girls have been stuck in their suite , on what they call "  lockdown . " Watch more about life on "  lockdown " " University officials have asked the girls to stay in their dorm suite to limit exposure to other students . The school provides door-to-door delivery from the campus dining hall , giving the girls one less reason to have to leave their immediate four walls . Spiridigliozzi has abided by the the university 's request , worried that she could infect another . But she does n't understand how she ended up in this situation in the first place . "  We took all the necessary precautions . Like , we really did . It was n't like I was licking the handlebars of the bus or anything , " she said . "  I was hand sanitizing . I was being very careful . I do n't know how this happened . " But she only has to look to her roommates for an answer , as illness has rapidly made its way through her suite . When Perry became ill it struck her suddenly . While shopping , she came down with a fever and started feeling like she did n't have the strength to stand , she said . Perry 's flu has n't been confirmed as an H1N1 strain , but a third roommate , the first to get sick , they said , was diagnosed with H1N1 . Then a fourth roommate got sick , illustrative of a spreading flu pattern the girls said is obvious from the empty seats in classes . The university estimates about 340 students , or 1 percent of the student body , have flu they suspect is H1N1 , said Patricia Denning , medical chief of staff at Watkins Health Center . The number of cases could be higher if students were not seeking care from campus doctors and nurses , she added . She said she has not heard of any students being hospitalized because of the flu . Vaccines are unlikely to help much this year , because supplies are not expected until late October and require about five weeks from the first inoculation -- two are required -- before they become effective . So , to make life easier for the sick , the school 's medical center has distributed what it calls a "  flu kit , " which includes a mask and a home-care instruction sheet , Denning said . The tip sheet borrows from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's information on H1N1 . It says to drink lots of fluids , eat three small meals a day and get plenty of rest , Denning said . "  And so it just goes through simple common-sense things that we all know we need to do that sometimes , when mothers and dads are n't around to remind them , this will help remind them , " she said . Spiridigliozzi and Perry will get to wander outdoors again once their fevers have dissipated for at least 24 hours without the aid of fever-reducing medications , they said . They are eager to get back to their normal lives . Spiridigliozzi is tired of the soup and Jell-O , and Perry looks forward to playing Frisbee again . "  So boring " is how Spiridigliozzi described their isolation . With all this free time , at least the freshmen -- on campus for only two weeks -- are n't falling too far behind in their school work . "  I got all my homework done , " Perry said . "  Yeah , I 've gotten all my homework done for the next two weeks , probably , " added Spiridigliozzi . CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report .	Spread of H1N1 among roommates illustrates how quickly virus jumps around "  It was n't like I was licking the handlebars of the bus , " freshman says Girls quarantined in room , doing homework , until fever dissipates for 24 hours The University of Kansas estimates about 1 percent of student body has H1N1
CNN  -- In the two-hour season premiere of "  Mad Men , " there is an incidental character , an old woman , who is probably pushing 90 . Her clothes are proper , if drab , and her demeanor suggests someone to the manner born . She seems like the type of person who has spent her life in privileged drawing rooms above Park Avenue , her feet never touching the dirty streets of New York as the 20th century went by . Indeed , she 's lived through so much in the 1960s alone : communications breakthroughs , space flight , social movements . And yet , it appears the decade has n't affected her at all . She has a good deal in common with "  Mad Men 's " major characters . The AMC show , about a 1960s advertising agency , returns Sunday for its sixth season . Buzz abounds for the return of ` Mad Men ' Forget about the civil rights marches , the Vietnam War protests , the youth culture and all the rest that 's become shorthand for "  the '60s . " From their Midtown Manhattan aerie , the characters of "  Mad Men " have glided over a good deal of it . Sure , there have been occasional glimpses of those turbulent times . Creative director Don Draper used to have a lover in the beatnik precincts of Greenwich Village , even lived there himself for awhile . Office manager Joan Harris ' husband was sent off to ` Nam . Copywriter Peggy Olson remains a proudly independent single woman . Former copywriter Paul Kinsey went off to register black voters in the Jim Crow South . The office went into shock when John F. Kennedy was shot  though they were just as shocked by the lawnmower that ran over an executive 's foot  . But , essentially , the messy '60s have been lived by someone else . And why not ? The "  Mad Men " are in advertising . Their lives are about new-and-improved consumer products , tropical getaways and the wonders of better living through chemistry -- not hippies , war and drugs . Their '60s are not the '60s we 've come to know , says Jerald Podair , a history professor at Wisconsin 's Lawrence University . "  You ca n't understand the 1960s if you only focus on hippies , " he says . "  That 's obviously a part of the 1960s but not the full 1960s . " After all , he points out , most people of the time went to work and lived their lives -- and were n't attired in tie-dye and love beads . Your photos : What the late '60s really looked like One of the smart moves of the show , he adds , is that the "  Mad Men " characters do n't have to be immersed in the times . They just have to be keen observers . "  Don Draper does n't necessarily have to become a hippie himself to sell being a hippie , or sell an America that is changing in ways he 's trying to understand , " he says . "  He can be of it , but not necessarily in it . " Surfaces and shadows From the beginning , "  Mad Men " has tended to view the '60s from the establishment 's perch . Sterling Cooper -- the first incarnation of the show 's ad agency -- was part of the clubby Madison Avenue set , its ranks filled with WASP-y Ivy Leaguers and Cheeveresque commuters . Even the new incarnation , Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce , is more staid than swinging . It 's been the ad agency of Richard Nixon and Lucky Strike  and , if a contract alluded to last season worked out , napalm-maker Dow Chemical  . Its staffers are generally a generation older than the baby boomers and have a stake in preserving the status quo . The insurgents were its competition , such as Doyle Dane Bernbach and Wells Rich Greene , the real-life agencies that shook up Madison Avenue with irreverent work and ethnically diverse staffs . The show 's shiny surfaces appear to have distracted many viewers from "  Mad Men 's " shadows , something that leaves creator Matt Weiner bemused . The first season included a suicide and Don 's desperate identity crisis , and succeeding seasons have n't let up . "  There 's been an interesting experience for me to hear people talk with nostalgia about the early seasons of the show , " he says . "  I think season 1 was the darkest thing that 's ever been a commercial success . " There may be a reckoning coming now , though . The late '60s were so filled with turmoil it seems impossible to avoid the fire this time . Season 5 ended in spring 1967 ; over the next 18 months came race riots , the Martin Luther King assassination , a clamorous presidential campaign , the Robert Kennedy assassination and the war , the war , the war . Closer to "  Mad Men 's " New York home , in 1968 , Mayor John Lindsay 's administration was beset by a teachers ' strike , a garbage strike and a general sense of rot later immortalized in such films as "  Midnight Cowboy " and "  The French Connection . " It was , in columnist Dick Schaap 's sarcastic phrase , "  Fun City . " "  Mad Men " character Henry Francis -- a Lindsay adviser -- will likely have a lot on his plate this season . Jaguar is not mad at ` Mad Men ' ` Week of shock , ' world of wonders But even with all that , the world rolled on . Take the April 12 , 1968 , issue of Life magazine , the publication that Podair , the history professor , describes as reflecting "  what America was really about . " "  Week of shock , " blared the cover line over a photograph of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , who had just been killed . Inside : Articles on MLK 's death , Lyndon Johnson 's March 31 speech announcing he was not running for president , Democratic challengers Robert Kennedy and Eugene McCarthy and a piece on the Doors , "  the kings of acid rock . " But also : ads for Zenith televisions , Firestone tires , Ritz crackers , Hunt 's ketchup , the Big Three automakers and "  the friendly world of Hilton , " all the sunny , capitalistic wonders of life . This is the world of surfaces , the one most people take refuge in . "  ` Mad Men '  shows us that American capitalism rolls on regardless of the era that it is in , " Podair says . "  It will try to sell that culture and commodify that culture . That 's what the Mad Men are doing . " That 's not to say the characters wo n't be affected by the coming calamities . The cast members lightly allude to changes . Jon Hamm , who plays Don Draper , says the show will get to the heart of the loaded question that ended last season : Don , approached by two women at a bar , being asked , "  Are you alone ? " John Slattery , who plays the wisecracking agency head Roger Sterling , says his character -- who ended last season nakedly enjoying an LSD trip -- could reassess his whole life . "  I think at this semi-late date in his career he 's trying to shake it up and find something to be interested in , " he says . "  That 's really all you can ask -- surprisingly I think he 's the character that appears to be most open to that . " Living large in Don Draper 's New York ` Where we are right now ' But Podair doubts the group is suddenly going to bolt the establishment . "  In the back of many fans ' minds  there 's the thought that  this is the year , this is the season we 're going to see them become complete hippies . It 's not going to happen , " he says . "  Weiner 's too smart for that . He wants to show that this other '60s -- this corporate '60s -- adjusted to the new 1960s and ended up selling the new 1960s . " Given that , can "  Mad Men 's " characters stay disengaged ? Creator Weiner , forever cagey about revealing too much , suggests they wo n't -- and that what they go through will echo down to the present day . "  I think you 'll find this season more than ever really interacts where we are right now in society , " he says . He leaves the point hanging , of course , but it 's easy to see what the show might address : the splintering of society , destructive politics , what the baby boomers wrought . But maybe "  Mad Men 's " characters will still muddle through , mildly oblivious to the deeper currents of the age . In that , they would n't be so different from the old woman -- or the rest of us . Podair mentions a student he once had , another old woman , who took a course about the decade . He guesses she was born around 1930 , and nothing he showed the class -- including movies such as "  Easy Rider " and documentaries about '60s movements -- seemed to reach her . Finally , Podair grew upset at her indifference . "  What were you doing during the 1960s ? " he asked tartly . "  Raising my children , " she responded .	"  Mad Men " returns for sixth season on Sunday Show 's ad agency characters have generally avoided '60s turmoil Season 5 ended in spring 1967 ; new season will likely take show into harsh 1968 Will "  Mad Men " go anti-establishment ? Doubtful -- they are the establishment
CNN  -- Some Syrian writers used to like Bashar al-Assad . Choosing their words carefully , they might say they tolerated him . Those who churned out hugely popular soaps and television shows thought Syria 's president , in his mid-30s when he took power in 2000 , wanted to be known as a modern leader who defended free expression . Some said al-Assad even looked the other way when a sketch comedy show aired for several seasons that made fun of corruption in Syria . At worst , many reasoned , the young president would n't be anymore hard-line than his father , Hafez Assad , who had long kept a purple-knuckle grip on all media in Syria . In hindsight it seems Bashar al-Assad was the greatest actor of them all , suggested Khaled Khalifa during a recent phone interview from his Damascus apartment . It was dusk when he picked up the phone . The screenwriter and novelist , one of the most famous writers in Syria , usually spends this time of day writing . But lately he said he 's had trouble concentrating . Now he finds himself looking out to the street , watching people gather for demonstrations . Their loud demands fill the night . "  It is a completely different world than a year ago , " he said . "  People at night do not sleep . " Khalifa 's career hit a stride at the same time al-Assad took power . He remembers all the talk of change from Syria 's new leader in the early 2000s , just as the proliferation of satellite television throughout the region suddenly gave Syrians access to different entertainment and points of view . Demand for new shows skyrocketed . More manuscripts than ever were flooding into al-Assad 's so-called censorship committee  it never had a formal name  . TV , to creative optimists such as Khalifa , was the new frontier , a democratic movement not even the regime could stop . Khalifa had known since he was a kid that he wanted to be a writer . He adored poetry . His parents , olive tree farmers in Aleppo , said he should do something else . They talked about law , so he went to law school . But could he be a lawyer ? "  I was either going to become a writer or commit suicide , " he told CNN . With his natural flair for drama , he got a gig writing for TV to support his passion for fiction . To his surprise , he liked the industry . And it liked him back . Khalifa became one of the most sought after dramatic television writers of his generation , a Syrian David Kelley . In 2006 , after toiling for 13 years , Khalifa published "  In Praise of Hatred , " a Faulknerian novel that tells the story of an Aleppo family surviving against the backdrop of the real-life 1980s bloodbath between Syria 's military and Islamist militants in the city of Hama . Critics hailed it as a classic , praising its intricate and colorful storyline . They lauded Khalifa 's particularly deft ability to narrate in the voice of a young girl . The book was nominated for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction , known as the "  Arab Booker " prize . Al-Assad 's regime promptly banned "  In Praise of Hatred . " From fiction to Facebook Syrian artists give an oh-well shrug to censorship because it 's just part of life in the country , Khalifa said , so he did the same . A poetry and fiction magazine he worked on for years had been banned , and government censors frequently tore his television scripts to bits . He coped , usually with humor . He laughs about smuggling his books across the Lebanese border and giving a moody but curious guard a copy . Booksellers sold "  In Praise of Hatred " by reportedly switching the book 's jacket with another . But Khalifa finds very little funny anymore . The violence marring Syria for more than a year has left him sad and furious , he said . So the writer is doing what few established artists still living in Syria are , especially those who made their professional mint "  working " with the regime to produce television shows . He is aligning himself publicly with the opposition . Now rather than devoting his days entirely to fiction , the novelist is writing on his Facebook page , constantly posting notes of encouragement to the opposition . He posted March 15 , the anniversary of the start of the Syrian uprising : "  On the occasion of the birth of the revolution , can we all remove from our dictionaries words that reference sectarianism -- Sunni -- Shiite -- Alawite -- Christian -- and avoid speaking about weapons . ... " On International Women 's Day , March 8 , he posted : "  On this day there is no woman besides the mother of the martyr , the sister of the martyr , and the daughter of the martyr , and all the fighters of this great revolution . " Khalifa told CNN , "  I want to be close to my people , supportive of them and the revolution . " Stark choice for Syrian artists Khalifa 's recent outspokenness shows how artists have survived for years under artistic oppression in Syria , said Christa Salamandra , an anthropologist who lived in Syria off and on until 2010 . She studied pop culture and media there and befriended actors and writers such as Khalifa . Syrian artists have always faced a stark choice , she says . "  They can choose exile , which is often unfeasible and of no benefit to the country , " she said . "  Or they can compromise , an option that can lead to an ultimate good if it enables them to convey subversive or critical messages , however muted . " Khalifa 's comments may put him in danger , Salamandra said , noting several reports have been published about the Syrian authorities monitoring dissidents ' phone and Internet activity . It 's possible , she said , that Khalifa 's fame has inoculated him from arrest or other harm . Whatever might be keeping him safe , Khalifa is n't going to stop supporting what he calls "  the revolution , " even as violence bears down on his city . Increased violence in Damascus , marked by recent twin car bombings that killed at least 27 people and clashes between the military and rebels , portend a dark future for the capital , he said . The fighting has all but stamped out any hope that Damascus could fulfill its potential as an international arts haven , as many predicted a few years ago . In the late 2000s and even as protests against al-Assad 's regime began , blogs and mainstream news organizations raved about Damascus as the Arab world 's nerve center for contemporary art . Foreign capital was flowing into Syria , which prompted a startling push toward modernity in the capital -- at least on the surface . High-end galleries and boutique hotels opened . Glossy magazines such as Vogue wrote breathlessly about Syria 's first lady , Asma al-Assad . Damascus ' new opera house was the rage . English-language magazine Syria Today lauded the opening of a new media gallery that sponsored the first international video arts festival in the country . The New York Times reported Syria 's art scene might be the Next Big Thing , quoting a California travel agent scoping out Damascus so she could entice rich collectors to go on a buying tour . The buzz was n't all highbrow . Even American hip-hop songs shouted out to Damascus a few years ago . Wyclef Jean and Missy Elliott told everyone the party was there . A story for the past and future Pop culture in Syria was driven largely by TV shows for which Khalifa wrote -- melodramas that kept viewers tuning in daily . Khalifa and his TV colleagues became so confident that they could push boundaries with al-Assad that they would send in fake scripts with scenes that would never make it past censors . "  We saw it as a game between us and the regime ; one time we won , one time we lost , " Khalifa recalled . "  Sometimes we would intentionally add a scene in a script that we knew would not pass . But we just did it to make a point . " The ardor of this ostensible openness informs Khalifa 's "  In Praise of Hatred . " He set the story against the backdrop of Syrian politics and violence in the 1980s , knowing full well it would irk censors . Many younger readers , including those protesting for a freer Syria , have told him they are reading his book and re-examining his contemporaries ' writing to learn about the country 's past violence . "  Many of the youth do not know the details of what happened in the '80s so they are going back and reading ... , " he said . "  They are feeling really angry that the same cycle is happening all over again . " "  In Praise of Hatred " has been translated into several languages , but for the first time , it 's about to be published in English . Khalifa said he is excited about this translation and hopes it will help more people understand the nuances of his country . He wants the world to see what he has seen and to know Syria is more than a nightly news story of blood and despair . He is quiet when asked if he would ever leave Damascus . The question is absurd to him . He would never abandon Syria , he said , even if it meant greater personal safety and more artistic freedom . "  If I had the choice to remain silent in Syria or leave and speak my mind , I would choose to remain silent and stay here , " he said . "  I feel that I need to remain close to my people and to the revolution and speak of what I believe . " CNN 's Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	When Bashar al-Assad took power , writers thought he might allow them more freedom Unlike most artists of his generation , Khaled Khalifa has voiced support for opposition Al-Assad 's regime banned Khalifa 's epic novel "  In Praise of Hatred " "  People at night do not sleep , " Khalifa says , describing how Damascus has changed
CNN  Novak Djokovic led Serbia to the quarterfinals of the Davis Cup World Group after answering a late call to play in Saturday 's last 16 doubles victory over neighbor and rival Croatia . Teammate Viktor Troicki had been due to play in the doubles rubber alongside Nenad Zimonjic , but a draining five-set singles match with Croatian teen starlet Borna Coric on Friday convinced Serbia coach Bogdan Obradovic to draft in the fresher Djokovic . It was an inspired choice . The Serbian pair took less than two hours to defeat Franko Skugor and Marin Draganja 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-1 , securing an unassailable 3-0 aggregate lead in the best of five tie after singles wins for Djokovic and Troicki over their Croatian opponents Friday . "  We wanted to finish the job today , to take advantage of the fact that we won the first singles and that was done , " Djokovic said in quotes carried by the AFP news agency after the match . The World No 1 . singles player has looked strong all week after losing in straight sets to Roger Federer at the final of the Dubai Tennis Championships seven days ago . He was cheered on by a packed and passionate home crowd at the Kraljevo Sports Center . Serbia has won the Davis Cup once before , in 2010 when it defeated Croatia on the way to the final . France marches on In the day 's other Davis Cup ties , France secured a last 16 slot for the sixth consecutive year . Julien Benneteau and Nicolas Mahut 's comfortable doubles victory over Germany 's Benjamin Becker and Andre Begemann pushed the French over the line 3-0 . The Bryan brothers fought back to secure doubles victory for the U.S. over Great Britain in Glasgow , reducing the 2-0 deficit built up by singles victories from Andy Murray and James Ward Friday . Meanwhile , defending champions Switzerland , playing without Roger Federer or Stan Wawrinka , are on the brink after falling 2-1 behind Belgium as Michael Lammer and Adrien Bossel lost 1-6 6-3 6-2 6-2 to Ruben Bemelmans and Adrien Bossel .	Novak Djokovic answers late call to help Serbia to Davis Cup victory over Croatia France through to last 16 but Great Britain made to wait Reigning champions Switzerland on brink after doubles loss against Belgium
CNN  With reports that violence in Ukraine is spreading beyond separatist-controlled areas , it is clear the so-called Minsk-II ceasefire between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels in the Donbas is teetering . If the United States wants to avoid the prospect of the violence spilling over into a broader conflict , it will need to keep the option of more direct involvement -- including the provision of arms -- firmly on the table . Until recently , the White House has understandably been focused on countering the rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , a reality that allowed the Europeans  especially Germany  to take the lead in crafting a response to Russia 's aggression . But this U.S. reluctance to take center stage has allowed the Russians to exploit splits within Europe in the knowledge that the EU states would not fight force with force . That was until serious talk of potential U.S. lethal military assistance to Kiev upended the conversation . The U.S. debate over providing arms to Ukraine was sparked in part by a report by a number of former senior officials calling for the U.S. to provide $ 3 billion in aid , including weapons , to the Ukrainian military . Top administration officials , including new Defense Secretary Ashton Carter , then hinted that they favored arming Kiev . Indeed , following his meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on February 9 , even President Barack Obama noted that he was considering "  all options , " presumably including lethal military assistance , should diplomacy fail . True , this openness to providing arms left Obama at odds with Merkel and many other European leaders , who feared it would escalate the conflict . But it also increased the pressure on Merkel and French President Francois Hollande to press for a deal to avoid what they feared might be a bigger conflict , fueled by U.S. weapons . The prospect of U.S. military assistance also no doubt affected the Russian calculation . As skeptics of the argument for lethal assistance pointed out , even with U.S. weapons , Ukraine 's military would never be able to defeat Russian regulars , while Moscow 's ability to arm the separatists would always outstrip Washington 's ability to arm the Ukrainian government . Yet even if U.S. weapons would not reach Ukrainian forces for months , the very commitment to provide them would insert the United States much more directly into the conflict . That commitment , more than the weapons themselves , is what could be a game changer . Opponents of arming Ukraine have argued that weapons , even in fairly small quantities , could easily become the first step down a slippery slope of escalation . They are right , of course . But they also miss the bigger political context . The question is less whether some anti-tank missiles could turn the tide in the Donbas , and more what the decision to provide those missiles would say about Washington 's commitment to the fight for Ukraine and against Russia . Russian forces could expand their involvement in the conflict in response to a U.S. commitment to arm Kiev . But , to turn the skeptics ' argument about weapons provoking Russian escalation on its head : then what ? Once it had committed to arming Ukraine , would Washington allow the Ukrainians to be completely defeated ? Would it pour arms into Ukraine until Russian forces faced an insurgency like the one that drove them from Afghanistan in the 1980s and helped bring down the Soviet Union ? Would it impose truly drastic economic sanctions , cutting Russia off from global payment networks or bringing down the Russian banking system ? Left to themselves , the Europeans would be reluctant go down this path , but would likely do so should Moscow expand the conflict in the face of a wider U.S. role . And the reality is that despite Russian President Vladimir Putin 's bellicose rhetoric , no sane Russian believes Moscow could win a protracted fight with the United States . While Russian officials are keen to portray the U.S. as a declining power , in their more honest moments they appreciate the reality of U.S. financial and military power  perhaps more than many in the Obama administration do  and are keen to avoid a test of strength they can not win . That is why Washington 's aversion to lethal assistance and outsourcing the search for a solution in Ukraine to the Europeans was a mistake . While better than letting Ukraine fight a losing war on its own , the Minsk agreement remains heavily tilted in Moscow 's favor , even if it holds . Earlier , and more assertive U.S. involvement  including a commitment to provide military assistance  , would likely have produced a better , and quicker agreement . As it is , lethal assistance from the United States should remain on the table , along with the prospect of more drastic sanctions , as long as the ceasefire remains tenuous . As Moscow fully understands , only the United States can confront Russia on its own terms . And if Washington truly cares about the success of Ukraine 's transformation and checking Russia 's revisionist aspirations , it needs to insert itself more squarely into the process , including with its hard power capabilities . Above all , Washington must continue being the main underwriter of European security . The Kremlin knows that confronting the U.S. is much different from confronting the divided , economically vulnerable Europeans . Hopefully , the White House does as well .	Violence continues despite the ceasefire between the Ukrainian government and rebels Jeff Mankoff : Minsk agreement remains heavily tilted in Moscow 's favor
CNN  -- A 19-year-old girl whose hospitalization exposed a shocking Austrian incest case has woken from her coma , a development that could shed new light on what occurred in the basement were she was held captive for decades . Fritzl initially confessed to raping his daughter and having seven children with her . Doctors placed Kerstin Fritzl in an artificial coma in April after she emerged for the first time from the cellar where she was held captive from birth by her father Josef . Kerstin , along with six other children , was born from Josef Fritzl 's incestuous relationship with his daughter Elisabeth , now 43 , whom he raped repeatedly during the 24 years she was imprisoned beneath his home . Police say Fritzl , 73 , has confessed to holding his Elisabeth captive and fathering seven children , six of whom survived . Kerstin was admitted to hospital in Amstetten , west of Vienna , in an unconscious state after Elisabeth persuaded Fritzl that she needed medical attention . Suspicious medics alerted police , who opened an investigation . Detectives began investigating the case after hospital officials started inquiring about the girl 's family history . Kerstin and two of her brothers , aged 18 and 5 , had spent their entire lives trapped in the cellar with their mother , never seeing daylight , a television their only contact with the outside world . Another three children Fritzl fathered with Elisabeth were taken to live above ground with Fritzl and his wife , who says she had no idea that her daughter was being held captive . A seventh child died shortly after birth . Elisabeth and her children have been treated at a secure medical unit since their release . Officials at hospital in Amstetten , Austria , did not release any more information about Kerstin Fritzl 's condition . A news conference on the case is scheduled for Wednesday .	Daughter of Austrian incest victim wakes from induced coma Kerstin Fritzl , 19 , spent her entire life in cellar The dungeon was uncovered after she was taken to hospital with illness
CNN  -- There 's a lot to be said for determination . Two years ago , a contraption that looked a bit like a bouncy ball attached to a clothesline , took flight in a pioneering experiment in the German countryside . A YouTube clip of a man flying the electric "  Multicopter " attracted over 8 million hits , with comments ranging from : "  AMAZING MACHINE ! " to "  Not sure you could pay me enough to sit in the middle of flying blenders bolted together . " Regardless , the three German engineers behind the baffling creation plowed ahead with their dream of making an electric helicopter . Last week it paid off . There was n't a bouncy ball in sight as the slick white "  Volocopter " took to the air for the first time , quietly hovering 20 meters high , while its ecstatic creators cheered below . Featuring 18 propellers on a lightweight carbon frame , the futuristic copter -- which has been around $ 4 million  $ 5.4 million  in the making -- could change the way we commute forever . "  What we 're looking at now , is in the future where everyone is traveling not by car , but by some kind of aircraft , " explained Stephan Wolf , co-chief executive of e-volo , the company behind the remarkable flying machine . "  Normal helicopters are very hard to fly . But we thought ` what if you could have a helicopter that is easy for the pilot to fly , and cheap compared to other aircraft ? ' " Clever copter Powered by a 100 kilogram battery , the two-passenger Volocopter can travel at least 70 kilometers per hour , recently making its first remote-controlled flight in a hanger in Karlsruhe , southwest Germany . The chopper weighs just 300 kilograms in total . One limitation is that it currently only has enough power to fly for 20 minutes -- though designers are looking at ways of increasing this , or introducing a hybrid engine . Many small rotors -- attached to a 10-meter wide circular frame -- also help the eco-friendly machine hover more easily than other helicopters . "  If you let the joystick go , the Volocopter will just hover in the current position , so there 's nothing the pilot has to do , " said Wolf . "  But if you do that in another helicopter it will crash immediately . " Reimagining the city Indeed , the Volocopter 's simplicity sets it apart from other helicopters , and its creators hope in the future commuters will be able to take their electric aircraft to work , instead of languishing in gridlocked cars below . The European Union is already looking at ways personal aerial vehicles  PAVs  could revolutionize urban spaces . It might sound like a scene from the Jetsons , but a city where flying machines replace cars is n't as far off as it seems . "  The most helicopters in the world are in Sao Paulo , Brazil , " explained Wolf . "  They have several thousand movements per day because the streets are congested and everyone who can afford it is taking the helicopter to go from one building to the next . "  You can imagine this happening in a big city in Germany . And already we 've been approached by several companies who 'd like to do it , maybe with landing pads on buildings . " The team hopes to sell its first Volocopter by 2015 , with each machine setting you back $ 250,000  $ 338,000  . They 're now on the lookout for further funding to develop their unique design . Think big It 's a long way from the first awkward-looking Multicopter test flight in 2011 . Even more impressive , considering Wolf himself was a computer software engineer for 25 years before turning his attention to futuristic flying machines -- "  I was dreaming of building a helicopter since I was a child , " he said . Then there 's the other e-volo founders -- Thomas Senkal , a former physicist , and Alexander Zosel , who managed a disco for almost 10 years , who also got on board the pioneering project . "  I think everyone wants to fly , " said Wolf . "  Helicopters are very expensive and people think maybe this is a way to be a pilot themselves . "  In 20 or 30 years from now there will be even more cities with millions more people living in them and transportation will be a big problem . Maybe you need to go up in the air to solve these problems . "	Introducing e-volo 's Volocopter : multi-rotor electric helicopter makes maiden flight Eco-friendly machine powered by 100 kg battery , can travel 70kph Part of EU scheme looking at how personal aerial vehicles could replace cars Expected to be available by 2015 , would cost around $ 338,000
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Jellyfish stings and a summer storm have n't stopped Diana Nyad on her latest attempt to swim from Cuba to Florida , her crew said Monday . A sudden squall blew the swimmer off course Sunday night , according to posts on Nyad 's blog . "  There is lots of lightning out there and the storm is blowing right on top of Diana , " a blog post said early Monday , adding that the swimmer was safe and "  feeling strong . " The weather was calm Monday and there were almost no jellyfish sightings overnight -- a notable difference from the first night of her swim -- according to Mark Sollinger , operations director for the swimmer . In her first night on the water , Nyad was stung by jellyfish on her lips , forehead , hands and neck , her blog said . "  She did the Diana Nyad thing and powered through it , " Sollinger told CNN on Monday morning . Nyad back in water for Cuba-Florida swim attempt After jumping into the waters off Havana , Cuba , on Saturday afternoon -- a day earlier than originally planned -- Nyad had swum nearly 40 statute miles as of Monday evening , according to her GPS tracker . The full distance to Key West , Florida , is 103 miles , a trip that had been expected to take Nyad 60 hours if the 62-year-old is successful in her attempt -- her fourth . As of Monday evening she has been swimming 50 hours , the longest time invested in any of the four attempts . She lost six hours to the storm , according to her Twitter feed . Girl , 14 , crosses Lake Ontario She began the swim a day early because the water seemed to be "  fantastic , " Nyad said at a news conference before beginning the swim . Her Xtreme Dream team "  has been brainstorming and thinking , ` We 've got to get out there , ' " she said . Nyad 's first attempt to cross the Straits of Florida was in 1978 , when rough seas left her battered , delirious and less than halfway toward her goal . She returned to the effort twice last year . She was done in once by an 11-hour asthma attack and was later thwarted by jellyfish stings . Nyad insisted she was ready to try it again now , and acknowledged Friday , "  I 'm feeling tremendous inner pressure that this has got to be it , this has got to be the last time . " Diana Nyad making fourth attempt at Cuba-to-Florida swim She 's in the water without a shark cage , relying on electronic shark repellent and a team of divers to keep the predators away . In the 1970s , Nyad won multiple swimming marathons and was one of the first women to swim around the island of Manhattan . She holds the world 's record for longest ocean swim -- 102.5 miles from the island of Bimini in the Bahamas to Jupiter , Florida . Nyad says she was 8 years old when she first dreamed about the possibility of swimming across the Straits of Florida . At the time , she was in Cuba on a trip from her home in Florida in the 1950s , before Fidel Castro led a Communist takeover in Cuba and its relations with the United States soured . "  I used to stand on the beach and I said to my mother , ' I wonder if anybody could swim over there , ' " Nyad recalled saying , while pointing to the Keys . In her 60s , she says , she still feels "  vital  and  powerful " -- and definitely "  not old . " A successful swim ideally will inspire people her age and older not to let their age hinder them , Nyad said . "  When I walk up on that shore in Florida , I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say , ` I 'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do . I 'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at . I 'm going to adopt a child . It 's not too late , I can still live my dreams , ' " she said . From the archives : Nyad will not attempt crossing again From the archives : Jellyfish , currents cut short Cuba-to-Florida swim From the archives : Nyad stung again in swim attempt , team says CNN 's Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	NEW : Diana Nyad has logged nearly 40 statute miles in her latest attempt A sudden squall blew the swimmer off course Sunday night Jellyfish stung her lips , forehead , hands and neck Saturday night "  She did the Diana Nyad thing and powered through " problems , operations chief says
CNN  -- United States leaders have rightly said that defeating the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and resolving Iraq 's deepening civil war will require urgent political change in Baghdad . But the military assistance that Iran and Russia are speeding to Shiite groups in Iraq imperils that change . It now appears that a majority of Iraq 's political parties and Shiite religious authorities blame Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's authoritarian tendencies and exclusion of mainstream Sunni groups for the crisis , and they seek his replacement as the starting point for resolving it . But just as this political majority has begun to form against him , Iran and Russia have extended al-Maliki material and political support that insulates him from domestic political pressure and may even embolden him to try to stay on . Iran now is in a position to direct Shiite militia mobilization and integration into Iraqi security operations and to shape Iraq 's military and intelligence operations through Iran 's Quds Force advisers . Meanwhile , Vladimir Putin 's decisive action to provide attack aircraft , trainers and advisers further bolsters the Prime Minister 's position . Now , al-Maliki can argue that he has international backing to rid his country of this "  terrorist " threat by any means necessary . In fact , al-Maliki still enjoys more domestic and international legitimacy than Syria 's President , Bashar al-Assad , had when the Syrian civil war began three years ago . Al-Maliki will surely amplify the significance of this weekend 's purported public appearance of the notorious leader of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , in Mosul to argue that the "  Islamic caliphate " is a clear and present danger that supersedes the need to form a unity government . He will probably argue that only he can attack the caliphate threat as commander in chief and that it has to be done now , not after a protracted government formation process . He will also probably urge Iran to quiet Shiite opposition to his premiership so that he can perform the urgent work of commander in chief . Already , the security and political situation is bleak , and unfortunately , the Prime Minister is in denial about his role in creating the Sunni Revolt and fostering the rise of the Caliphate , previously known as the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham . After eight years in power , al-Maliki has not shown that he can distinguish between actual threats and imagined ones . His often-irrational fear of a Baathist return to power led him to employ an authoritarian sectarian agenda and to marginalize constructive but squabbling Sunni Arab political elites , all of which alienated the broader Sunni community and set the stage for ISIS gains . An unconstrained al-Maliki seeks to crush Sunni Arab communities , which is what he wanted to do in 2007-2008 . During the "  surge " period of 2007-08 , al-Maliki repeatedly asked for U.S. air power and artillery capabilities to pound Sunni neighborhoods  both of which he was denied  while vehemently protesting the use of precision munitions in Shiite militia-controlled areas . When the International Zone received mortar fire from Sunni neighborhoods , the Baghdad Operations commander , Gen. Abud Qanbar , told coalition advisers that the Prime Minister wanted to teach the Sunni neighborhoods not to let terrorists launch mortars and rockets from their streets . These brutal tendencies are sure to come into the open again now that al-Maliki has the backing of Iran , Syria and Russia , all known for harsh tactics against civilian populations . If al-Maliki can survive the next few weeks in power , he will probably feel free to take harsh measures against the Sunni Arab community , as he believes that he is free of U.S. constraints for the first time . Given his inclinations and fears , al-Maliki may think that he has great latitude to see most problems as nails to be dealt with by Shiite hammers and that he only has to stop short of al-Assad 's atrocities and abuses -- the use of chemical weapons or 200,000 casualties -- if the Syrian experience is an indicator of what will be tolerated by the U.S. and the international community . A defiant al-Maliki -- with the support of Iran , Syria and Russia and absent U.S. constraints -- will aggressively target Sunni Arabs , who in his view are active supporters of ISIS . Unfortunately , al-Maliki 's removal would not diminish the influence of Iran and Tehran 's Shiite militias . Iran will continue to be the key determinant of Iraqi policy and politics for Iraq 's Shiite parties and Shiite militias regardless of the prime minister . Iran is skilled in power politics and in asserting Iranian prerogatives . Iranian strategic goals depend on an acquiescent and accommodating Iraqi government . If Iran were to pressure al-Maliki to step down , he would surely be replaced by someone Iran could influence . One name that is on any short list to replace al-Maliki is Tariq Najim Abdullah , an al-Maliki loyalist who as a member of his State of Law party could be expected to continue the sectarian approach to security issues and the marginalization of his political rivals , Sunni , Kurd and Shiite alike . Regardless of who the next Shiite prime minister will be , the sectarian actors responsible for executing al-Maliki 's heavy-handed tactics against the Sunni population in 2006-09 are now back in key positions . We have seen a return of the "  worst of the worst , " the very same actors the U.S. urged al-Maliki to remove and charge criminally before 2010 . Although many maligned sectarian actors were reassigned or promoted out of key positions in Baghdad to safe positions in southern Iraq , it seems these sectarian enforcers have returned to the fight , with the al-Maliki government 's blessing . Meanwhile , U.S influence and leverage with al-Maliki and other Shiite leaders is waning , if not altogether gone . It began to wane in 2010 when the U.S. ceded our leverage in favor of "  smart power , " believing that reasonable Iraqi minds would prevail . The U.S. treated Iraq as a sovereign government and did not interfere with al-Maliki 's decisions to use the Accountability and Justice Law  PDF  to marginalize and remove political rivals , to politicize the Iraqi Security Forces by replacing effective commanders with al-Maliki loyalists , and to renege on his promises to integrate the Sunni Awakening movement -- the so-called Sons of Iraq -- into the ministries and security forces . While the U.S. watched , the Iranians pressured al-Maliki not to sign the 2011 Status of Forces Agreement and backed his sectarian agenda of sidelining and arresting political rivals . Iran 's strategic goals and dominant position , orchestrated by Quds commander Qassem Soleimani , will ensure that any Iraqi prime minister responds to Tehran 's core interests . Tehran 's steadfast support for Syria 's al-Assad shows al-Maliki the reliability and commitment of Iran to its clients . We should view Iranian statements about an inclusive government with Sunni and Kurdish politicians as mere window dressing . The reality is that Tehran will not permit the steps necessary for fundamental constitutional reforms , power-sharing and checks on the Prime Minister 's control over the security forces and intelligence apparatus . Tehran will see any such reforms as limits on Iranian influence , something the Iranians will not let happen .	Writers : Iran , Russia aid to Iraq imperils U.S. call for al-Maliki to make Iraq government inclusive Thus Al-Maliki is less likely to leave or to stop shunning Sunnis , they say They say Iran helps al-Maliki return "  worst of the worst " to key positions to oppress Sunnis Writers : Tehran will see reforms U.S. wants as limits on Iranian influence
Police in Georgia defended their decision Tuesday to handcuff and arrest a 6-year-old elementary student after the school called to report a juvenile had assaulted a principal and was damaging school property . Milledgeville police said they were called to Creekside Elementary School on Friday for an unruly juvenile , who was allegedly throwing a tantrum . According to their report , when the officer arrived , he observed kindergartner Salecia Johnson on the floor of the principal 's office screaming and crying . The officer stated in the report that he noticed damage to school property and tried numerous times to calm the girl , who eventually "  pulled away and began actively resisting and fighting with me . " "  The child was then placed in handcuffs for her safety and the officer proceeded to bring her down to the police station , " said Chief Dray Swicord . Despite the girl 's behavior , her family said police should not have been involved . "  I do n't think she misbehaved to the point where she should have been handcuffed and taken downtown to the police department , " Johnson 's aunt , Candace Ruff , told CNN affiliate WMAZ . The girl was released to Ruff after numerous attempts to reach her parents failed , the police report said . Swicord said his department still has not heard from the girl 's mother or father . But the parents have spoken to reporters . "  Call the police ? Is that the first step ? " Johnson 's mother , Constance Ruff , asked . Johnson 's mother said she wondered if there was "  any other kind of intervention " the school could have used to help her daughter . "  They do n't have no business calling the police and handcuffing my child , " said Salecia 's father , Earnest Johnson . Regardless of age , said Swicord , "  When a person is put in handcuffs it 's for their safety , it 's not a punishment . " According to the police report , Johnson 's combative behavior included throwing furniture , including a small shelf , which struck the principal on the leg . The child was also observed "  biting the doorknob of the office and jumping on the paper shredder . " The report stated Johnson also "  attempted to break a glass frame above the shredder . " "  I noticed the damage to school property and possible assault of other students and staff , " the responding officer said in the report . CNN reached out to Creekside Elementary for comment but was told the principal is assisting with statewide testing and was unable to respond . Johnson 's mother said her daughter was suspended and can not return to school until August . The 6-year-old was initially charged as a juvenile with simple battery of a schoolteacher and criminal damage to property , but the police chief said at a news conference Tuesday the girl would not be charged because of her age . "  The student was never placed in a holding cell , or jail cell , and the student 's safety was the utmost importance , " Swicord said . He added she will be monitored by social agencies . Police notified the Department of Family and Children 's Services about the incident , which is not the first of its kind in recent memory . In 2005 , video of police in St. Petersburg , Florida handcuffing an unruly 5-year-old girl made headlines . In that case , the child could be seen pulling items form a bookcase , tearing papers from a bulletin board , climbing on a table and hitting a school official . The child appeared to have calmed down by the time police officers arrive , but began screaming as two officers , a man and a woman , stood her up , leaned her toward a table and handcuffed her . She was later turned over to her mother , who came to the school .	The episode recalls a 2005 incident in which a 5-year-old girl was handcuffed in Florida A Georgia 6-year-old is arrested after tantrum in principal 's office Salecia Johnson was handcuffed after several attempts to calm her down , police say "  When a person is put in handcuffs it 's for their safety , it 's not a punishment , " say police
CNN  -- When it comes to getting their G-men , Bayern Munich are arguably giving their European rivals a masterclass in acquiring the very best . First it was Pep Guardiola , the manager instrumental in Barcelona 's success in Europe and domestically . And now Mario Goetze , described as a "  once in a century player , " is on his way to southern Germany . Ahead of Bayern 's Champions League semifinal against Barcelona , the news of Goetze 's impending arrival turned the focus , if only temporarily , away from club president Uli Hoeness who is under scrutiny in a tax evasion investigation . Goetze 's agent Volker Struth told Borussia Dortmund that the 20-year-old German international wants to invoke a release clause triggered by Bayern , Dortmund said on its official Facebook page . Although Dortmund did n't reveal the amount of the escape clause , German tabloid Bild reported it was a hefty $ 37 million  $ 48 million  . That would pad Dortmund 's coffers and make Goetze the second most expensive signing in Bundesliga history -- Bayern spent $ 40 million  $ 52 million  on Athletic Bilbao and Spain midfielder Javi Martinez only a year ago . Goetze is set to join Bayern on July 1 , the same day Guardiola , a promoter of young talent at Barcelona , begins his reign . "  We are obviously disappointed beyond measure , but emphasize that both Mario and his advisers have behaved within terms of the contract , " said Dortmund chief executive officer Hans-Joachim Watzke . An early start Goetze made his Bundesliga debut at 17 and has already appeared 22 times for Germany , scoring five goals . He helped Dortmund win the Bundesliga in 2011 and 2012 . Goetze 's ability to dribble at pace , operate in various positions in midfield and great vision earned him the "  once in a century " plaudits from none other than German legend Matthias Sammer . He has formed an exciting partnership with another young German international at Borussia Dortmund , Marco Reus . Landing Goetze marks the third time in three years the Bavarian club -- that Hoeness played an instrumental role in building on and off the pitch -- has lured a top transfer target from a fellow Bundesliga club . Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer left Schalke in 2011 and striker Mario Mandzukic parted with Wolfsburg last year following his impressive performances for Croatia at Euro 2012 . There might be another arrival from Dortmund , too . Goetze 's teammate , Polish striker Robert Lewandowski , is reportedly being chased by Bayern -- as well as Manchester United . Dortmund supporters lost one of their favorites last year , midfielder Shinji Kagawa , to the Red Devils in a deal worth # 14 million  $ 21 million  . Goetze , born in Bavaria , could face his soon-to-be teammates in the Champions League final at Wembley in May since Dortmund and Bayern are both in the semifinals . While Bayern face Barca on Tuesday , Dortmund play Real Madrid -- the record nine-time winner in the competition -- on Wednesday . On its website Dortmund billed the first leg of its semifinal Wednesday as the "  most spectacular home game " in its history and claimed the match would be the "  biggest television event " in Germany since the 2006 World Cup semifinal between Germany and Italy . "  Coach Jurgen Klopp and sporting director Michael Zorc asks all fans of Borussia Dortmund to support Mario Goetze unconditionally as they would any other player in the final games of the season , but especially in the important Champions League semifinal against Real Madrid , " Dortmund said . Powerful Bayern Bayern won this season 's Bundesliga with a record six games to spare and was last week named by Forbes as the fifth most valuable soccer team in the world at $ 1.3 billion . Bayern was the lone German representative in a top 10 dominated by England 's Premier League , which has more lax ownership regulations and a lucrative television rights deal but also more teams in financial distress . In the Bundesliga , all but two of the 18 teams adhere to the 50 +1 rule -- fans own 50 percent plus one of the clubs . According to Swiss Ramble , a blog mostly dedicated to the business of soccer , Bayern 's revenue rose from $ 223 million  $ 290 million  in 2007 to $ 368 million  $ 479 million  in 2012 . Dortmund 's increase over the same period , $ 99 million  $ 129 million  , put it second , with Goetze 's sale sure to improve the numbers further . Dortmund 's pre-tax profits in 2011/2012 rose to 37 million euros , said SwissRamble , eight years after it nearly went bankrupt . Hoeness , who won three of the biggest prizes in soccer as a player -- the World Cup , European Championships and European Cup -- told tax authorities in January about a private bank account he held in Switzerland . "  Through my tax adviser I turned myself in to tax authorities in January 2013 . It was in relation to a Swiss bank account of mine , " the Bayern president told Focus magazine . The amount has n't been disclosed , though Bild reported that Hoeness has already paid back $ 6 million  $ 7.8 million  . "  Tax evasion is without any doubt a serious crime and there can be no justification at all for tax evasion , " Chancellor Angela Merkel spokesman Seibert told a news conference on Monday . "  Uli Hoeness has disappointed many people in Germany , including the Chancellor . " Reporters were barred from asking questions about Hoeness ' tax affairs at Bayern 's press conference ahead of the Barcelona clash . The 61-year-old Hoeness has been a key figure in helping to turn Bayern Munich into a global powerhouse that not only wins titles with established stars but nurtures young talent , similar to Barcelona .	Mario Goetze to leave Borussia Dortmund for Bayern Munich German international will become the second most expensive signing by a German team Goetze could face Bayern in the Champions League final at Wembley next month The move comes as Uli Hoeness is being investigated for alleged tax evasion
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Seventeen people died after drinking a toxic , illegal home-brewed liquor over the New Years weekend in southern India , authorities said Monday . At least 18 people were also poisoned by what authorities have described as contaminated moonshine in Andhra Pradesh 's Krishna district , P.V.S. Ramkrishna , the district police chief , said . Police in India have been cracking down recently on businesses selling the illegally-made alcohol , Ramkrishna said . In December , authorities arrested 10 people for making contaminated moonshine that left at least 168 people dead in the Indian state of West Bengal . Hundreds more were sickened by it , authorities said . Moonshine is not uncommon in poverty-stricken communities in India because it is cheap to make .	Moonshine is not uncommon in poverty-stricken communities in India Police in India have been cracking down on the sales of the illegal brew
CNN  -- The Arab League 's decision to impose sweeping sanctions on Syria , a move followed by Turkey , reflects an unprecedented level of collective action by the historically moribund regional body . The Sunday vote by 19 Arab states to punish Syria further isolates Damascus and undermines President Bashar al-Assad 's self-proclaimed role as the dominant voice of Arab nationalism . Indeed , the activist role adopted by the Arab League as the 2011 Arab uprisings unfold has been a surprising development : Following decades of issuing lowest common denominator communiques , the league is rapidly emerging as a key regional actor . The Arab League 's strong condemnation last spring of Moammar Gadhafi 's brutality easily could have been dismissed as a one-off , given the Libyan strongman 's success at enraging most Arab leaders over the years . Yet by following up its suspension of Syria from the organization with tough sanctions , it 's clear the Arab League is taking on a more muscular role in the unfolding regional drama . There are four main reasons for this new Arab League approach : First and foremost : The Arab uprisings themselves . If nothing else , the protests of 2011 brought the power of Arab public opinion front and center . Gone are the days when Arab leaders could act with total disregard for their people 's opinions . Public opinion throughout the Arab world resoundingly disapproved of Gadhafi 's behavior , and now of Assad 's . This sentiment is motivating Arab leaders to respond to their people 's anger , through the Arab League . The corollary to this is Arab leaders ' fear that if they stand idly by while Assad slaughters Syrians , popular resentment could boomerang against them . Whereas popular discontent was traditionally channeled toward Israel and the West , collective Arab opprobrium is now targeted at brutal Arab regimes . If they fail to act , many Arab leaders could suffer political heartache and more popular unrest at home . Getting ahead of this demonstrates that they respond to public opinion , and it helps deflect popular discontent away from domestic issues . On the geo-strategic level , Arab League activism is motivated by a desire to keep the Arabs in the drivers ' seat . With the United States largely over the horizon , Arab docility only creates windows of opportunity for non-Arabs to muck about in Middle East diplomacy . Turkey has not succeeded in creating a leading diplomatic role for itself in the region , despite efforts to play an active role in Libya , Yemen and other hot spots . The Arabs want to ensure that this remains the case . Hence , Ankara was relegated to supporting the measures adopted by the Arab League , not initiating them . The other geo-strategic explanation for Arab League activism is Iran . The Arabs , particularly the Gulf states , have long decried Iran 's encroachment in Syria , Lebanon , and the Palestinian territories . Isolating Iran 's key strategic ally in the region -- Assad 's Syria -- provides a significant opportunity to roll back some of Tehran 's regional gains . Already , Hamas ' Damascus-based leadership is looking for a new home and behaving with greater restraint . And when Iran was seen to be meddling in Bahrain 's sectarian struggle earlier this year , the Gulf states brutally crushed it -- collectively . With the United States withdrawing from an Iraq they see as now heavily influenced by Iran , the other Arab states have even greater incentive to band together . In taking strong actions , the Arab League claims to want to stave off foreign intervention in Syria . Qatar 's Prime Minister Hamad bin Jassim hinted at this when he said that he "  hoped " the Arab League 's sanctions would obviate the need for foreign intervention . In the short term , a more active Arab role may indeed make non-Arab nations hesitate to get involved -- but as was the case in Libya , the Arab League might actually be providing the necessary regional legitimacy for outside intervention . This Arab League activism may signal a new regional norm analogous to the United Nations ' "  responsibility to protect . " The Arab League has effectively joined the international rejection of the three-century old Westphalian system that enshrined the nonintervention of one state in the domestic affairs of another state . Arab leaders can no longer turn a blind eye to the abhorrent behavior of fellow Arab rulers . This is a welcome development , one that could head off other foreign interventions in the Middle East and encourage further collective action against brutal acts some Arab leaders perpetrate against their own people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Danin .	Robert Danin : Arab League 's tough sanctions on Syria show new activism in region Public opinion now has power , he writes ; leaders ca n't stand by as Syrians are slaughtered Danin says Arab League is taking charge to ensure Arabs are in the regional drivers ' seat Danin : Arab leaders can no longer ignore others ' brutality , a welcome development
LONDON , England  CNN  -- These are tense times for the English Premier League . Going sponsorless : The 2008/2009 football season has seen numerous issues with shirt sponsors . The cause of the tension is n't the battle between the leading title contenders on the pitch ; instead it 's the waiting to see what impact the international financial crisis will have off the field . Outside of television rights packages , one of the major strands of income for football clubs is various sponsorship deals ; and as big companies hit by the financial crisis have either folded or slashed spending budgets -- these agreements have come under serious threat . Tell us whether you think football 's massive salaries will survive the financial crisis in the Sound Off box below . Barclays , the bank which has been the naming sponsor of the Premier League since 2001 , is currently reviewing its sponsorship deals -- a process which includes considering its # 66 million  $ 100m  three-year deal in England . And like many other banks , financial institutions and major businesses , Barclays has been hit hard by the recent economic climate , so a new deal is certainly not a done deal . But it 's not just the English game that faces sponsorship uncertainty . Last month FIFA President Sepp Blatter acknowledged that broadcasting and sponsorship revenues are decreasing across the global game , following a year tarnished by the credit crunch . In December , the third Channel One Cup in Israel was cancelled after Roman Abramovich 's National Academy Fund  NAF  pulled sponsorship for the event . In September , English Premier League side West Ham United lost their shirt-sponsor in a high-profile collapse which left the team wearing temporary covers on the front of their playing kits . Fellow Premiership side West Bromwich Albion does not have a shirt sponsor . Several further sponsorship deals have been affected for various reasons in recent months . The nationalization of Dutch-Belgian bank Fortis resulted in both Feyenoord and Anderlecht having the bank removed from their shirts ; Manchester United needs a new shirt sponsor after its # 14m  $ 21m  per year shirt sponsor -- the troubled U.S. financial institution AIG chose not to renew its contract ; Philips pulled out as PSV Eindhoven 's shirt sponsor ; and David Beckham and Pepsi brought their decade-long # 2m  $ 3m  per year deal to an end . Despite these mounting examples of sponsor uncertainty , sports business experts believe the game of football will survive the international financial crisis . Head of the Sports Business Group at Deloitte , Dan Jones , told CNN there were reasons to be optimistic that sponsorship levels would not decline significantly . "  I think sponsorship is one of the areas people will look at closely in the current environment ... but , that said , sport sponsorship is one of the areas that has grown very significantly . "  Yes it 's a difficult time but sports have done well in increasing their sponsors and I think they have delivered on that , " he said . Jones told CNN shirt sponsorships are not major sources of income for most football clubs , and some , like Spain 's Barcelona , had chosen to use the shirt space to promote a charity  UNICEF  rather than seek sponsorship money . Jones said that big brands like Manchester United and Real Madrid would perform better than their lesser known counterparts in coming years , but he said it was n't all bad for the smaller clubs . "  It 's more a case of the richer getting richer and the poor getting richer , but not as fast . " In Europe , countries such as Germany were more heavily dependant on sponsorship money , so competitions like the Bundesliga could be the hardest hit by a drop in sponsor revenue , he said . Sports columnist at The Guardian , David Conn , said it was likely revenue from advertising and corporate hospitality would also increasingly feel the impact of the financial crisis . Conn said corporate hospitality , which generated a large portion of match-day takings , could be one of the worst hit areas . "  It does n't affect them  football clubs  in a catastrophic way , but all of it put together can have quite an impact . " Conn believed teams at the bottom reaches of England 's Premier League and below would be the worst hit clubs , and agreed with Jones that the larger clubs would survive the crisis . Despite the worries , Jones said there was no need for global alarm . He said the football market is not immune to recession but it is "  reasonably resistant " . "  There are a lot worse places to be trying to run in the current economic climate than a large sports business , " he said .	International financial crisis means big sponsors are reviewing their activities Barclays bank is set to review its sponsorship of the English Premier League West Ham was a high-profile victim of the crisis when it lost short sponsor XL Sports business experts say that football clubs will survive the financial crisis
CNN  -- Three Michigan children reportedly left alone in their family 's apartment died in a fire Monday afternoon , a public safety official said . The fire broke out around 2 p.m. in Kalamazoo , said Brian Uridge , assistant chief of public safety . Two of the children were 3 years old , and the third was 1 , Uridge said . "  You could see smoke from blocks away , " Uridge said . The main floor of the apartment building was engulfed in flames when firefighters arrived , and "  they found three kids who had already perished as a result of the fire , " he said . The cause of the fire is unknown , he said . The children 's parents were at the scene , Uridge said . "  Initially , we have information that the kids were left alone in the apartment , but we ca n't talk about charges because it 's too early in the investigation , " Uridge said . The victims ' identities have not been released .	Three children , ages 1 , 3 and 3 , die in an apartment fire in Michigan The kids were left home alone , an official says
CNN  -- A 15-year-old Massachusetts boy was indicted Friday on an additional count of aggravated rape in connection with the death of his high school math teacher , authorities said . Philip Chism pleaded not guilty last December to murder , aggravated rape and robbery charges stemming from the killing of Colleen Ritzer , 24 , on October 22 in the girls ' bathroom of Danvers High School . Police said a box cutter Chism had taken to school was the murder weapon . The Essex County district attorney 's office said Friday that it presented a grand jury with additional evidence . The new youthful offender indictment alleges that Chism forcibly had sexual intercourse with the victim . "  Aggravated rape is charged when there is serious bodily harm and/or when the rape was committed during the commission of another felonious and assaultive crime , " the district attorney 's office said in a statement . Denise Regan , Chism 's public defender , could not be reached for comment . Chism , who is being held without bail , is set to appear January 30 in Salem Superior Court for a pre-trial conference . According to a police affidavit , a ninth-grade student told investigators that Chism became visibly upset when Ritzer spoke after class on the day of the crime about his home state of Tennessee . When Ritzer noticed that Chism was upset , she changed the subject , said the unidentified student , who described Chism as "  talking to himself . " The affidavit includes testimony from witnesses as well as a school video surveillance timeline showing Chism and Ritzer in the same area of the school during the teacher 's final moments . In the video , Ritzer appears to enter a second-floor girls ' restroom -- apparently a faculty restroom was occupied -- and Chism , wearing gloves and red sweatshirt with the hood pulled over his head , appears to enter the restroom about a minute later , according to the affidavit . Shortly after , a female student enters the bathroom and then quickly walks out , according to the court papers . She told investigators she saw the back of a person who appeared to be changing clothes ; the person 's rear was exposed , with clothes piled on the floor . The video shows Chism leaving the restroom , returning later with a recycling barrel , and again leaving the restroom pulling the barrel -- this time with a black mask on his forehead , the court papers say . He pulls the barrel outside the building and toward the student parking lot . Investigators said the video shows what appear to be blood stains near the bathroom and on Chism 's pants . Court papers detail horrifying final moments of teacher 's life After Chism was reported missing by his mother on the evening of October 22 , police had his cellular phone company "  ping " the location of his phone . The phone was found to be in the vicinity of the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned the teen had purchased a movie ticket and then left . The affidavit said that , when Chism was spotted by a police officer the next day , he was carrying a knife ; a search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded : "  The girl . " He was also allegedly carrying credit cards and driver 's licenses belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of woman 's underwear . Friends , relatives bewildered by arrest of ` storybook kid ' in teacher slaying The armed robbery indictment alleges that Chism robbed Ritzer of credit cards , an iPhone and her underwear . Police discovered Ritzer 's body in a wooded area near the school , covered with leaves and debris in an apparent attempt to conceal it , the court papers said . Her throat was slit . Dressed in pink , hundreds mourn Colleen Ritzer	Philip Chism , 15 , is indicted on additional count of aggravated rape The Massachusetts teenager is charged with murder in the death of a teacher The body of algebra teacher Colleen Ritzer was found in a school bathroom in October A handwritten note saying , "  I hate you all , " was found near the teacher 's body
Four years ago , Patrick McStay lost everything he loved . His son , Joseph , his daughter-in-law , Summer , and their two little boys -- Gianni , 4 , and Joseph Jr. , 3 -- vanished . "  From Day One , I just had this gut feeling that I was never going to see them again , " he said , swallowing tears . "  I just knew . Something told me , I was n't going to see them again . " The McStays disappeared from their home in suburban San Diego in February 2010 . There were no signs of a struggle . No apparent plan to flee . Nearly four years later , the mother , father and two boys were found slain in the Mojave Desert -- their bodies buried in shallow graves . How did they get there ? Who killed them ? From the beginning , the case has baffled investigators , but they are n't giving up . Said John McMahon , sheriff of San Bernardino County , in an exclusive interview with CNN : "  It is certainly my hope that at some point in the future , we 'll be able to solve this , and bring the suspect or suspects to justice . " McStay 's brother to killers : ` You guys are cowards ' The disappearance February 4 , 2010 , began as an ordinary day in the McStay home in Fallbrook , a community of about 30,000 people about 18 miles from the Pacific Coast and 50 miles north of San Diego . Patrick McStay spoke on the phone with his son , who ran a custom water feature business , and was scheduled to have a lunch meeting around noon . Summer McStay spent the day caring for the kids and overseeing the family 's home renovation . They were looking forward to their youngest son 's birthday party that weekend . But that night , the family of four suddenly left the house -- the doors locked , the car gone . Inexplicably , their two beloved dogs were left outside without food or water . "  It 's  as if you took off really fast but were coming back , " said Susan Blake , Joseph McStay 's mother , who is divorced from Patrick McStay . "  Your thoughts are going wild . ` Well , why would they be missing ? ' Something 's not right here , " she said . The investigation Early evidence pointed investigators south . Four days after the McStays disappeared , detectives say the family 's white Isuzu Trooper was parked and subsequently towed from a parking lot just steps from the Mexican border . And the car was n't the only clue . After they found the Isuzu , investigators discovered someone at the McStay home had done a computer search for getting passports to Mexico . They also found surveillance video showing a family of four matching the McStays ' description crossing on foot into Mexico on February 8 . "  I just thought , well , maybe they took off , " said Joseph 's mother . But his father was n't buying it . "  I said right up front , the first time I saw it  the surveillance footage  , it was n't them , " said Patrick McStay , adding that Summer was afraid of Mexico . "  Would Summer take her two children in there ? Heck , no , " he said . Missed opportunities Patrick McStay worried detectives were chasing dead-end clues . "  I could have probably hired some Boy Scouts and done a better job , " he said . He reached out to Tim Miller , founder of the nonprofit search-and-rescue organization Texas Equusearch , which , in turn , contacted freelance investigative journalist Steph Watts for help . One point that raised questions for Watts was the last known call from Joseph McStay 's cell phone . The call was to a friend , Chase Merritt . It came in about 40 minutes after a neighbor 's security camera captured the family 's Isuzu pulling out of the McStay 's cul-de-sac . Merritt did n't answer . Among those questions , Watts said , were , "  Did Joseph actually make that call from his phone , or did somebody else take Joseph 's phone and make that call ? Was he trying to call for help ? " The journalist also noted the impact of the delay in reporting the family missing to law enforcement . Joseph 's brother contacted authorities 11 days after the McStays disappeared . He says he waited because he did n't want to overreact , and thought the family might just be on vacation . "  The first few hours are so critical , the first few minutes ... The beginning of someone trying to commit a crime against you , that 's the only chance you have to get out , " Watts said . 2013 : Who were the McStays ? The bodies The call the family feared finally came in November 2013 , from an off-roading motorcyclist in the Mojave Desert . More than 150 miles from the U.S.-Mexico border , and some 100 miles north of the McStay home , the biker found what looked to be part of a human skull in a remote area of Victorville , California . Authorities investigated and found four skeletons in two shallow graves . With the help of dental records , they determined the bodies belonged to the McStays . Once considered a missing persons case , the investigation moved to homicide . It also switched jurisdictions -- passing from the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department to the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department . Jan Caldwell , with the San Diego department , defended her office 's handling of the case . "  This is an incredibly thorough investigation , " she said , her hand atop a thick stacks of files . "  Thumbing through it , I can see phone records , I see photographs , I see communications . "  And to have done all of this -- to have compiled this kind of a massive file and still not know the answer -- enormously frustrating , " Caldwell said last year , soon after the remains were discovered . The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department is no longer commenting on the case . It refers all questions to San Bernardino , which declines to get into specifics , citing the ongoing investigation . Summer 's mother , brother and sister also declined to comment to CNN . The mystery Detectives still have not named any suspects or persons of interest . "  There was certainly evidence found in and around the grave sites , but at this point we 're not prepared to talk about what evidence we did locate , " said McMahon , the San Bernardino sheriff . Watts said the only way the case will be cracked now is if someone talks . "  There was more than one person involved in this case because not one person dragged four people out to the desert and buried them single-handedly , " he said . "  As the pieces begin to come together , it 's looking to me like it was extremely orchestrated . So we have to ask ourselves , why ? " Like Watts , Patrick McStay believes the killer , or killers , has to be someone who hated his family for a reason -- but that reason is unclear . So many theories . So many questions . So few answers . "  It 's like a play . The first act has just ended . We 've got three more acts to go , " he said .	Joseph and Summer McStay , and their two boys , vanished from home in February 2010 Their bodies were found in the Mojave Desert nearly four years later , buried in shallow graves From the start , the case has baffled investigators , but they are n't giving up "  I could have probably hired some Boy Scouts and done a better job , " says Joseph 's father
CNN  -- Actor Gary Coleman is in critical condition in a Provo , Utah , hospital , a hospital spokeswoman said Thursday . Janet Frank , the spokeswoman for Utah Valley Regional Medical Center , confirmed that Coleman , 42 , was being treated there after being admitted on Wednesday . Frank would not release any other information . Calls to Coleman 's publicist were not immediately returned . Coleman is best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold Drummond on TV 's "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . The former child actor was hospitalized briefly three months ago after suffering a seizure while being interviewed on a TV show in Los Angeles , California . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Gary Coleman 's condition is critical , hospital says Hospital wo n't give details on his illness Child actor is best known for "  Diff ` rent Strokes "
CNN  -- While most eyes were focused on Harry Redknapp 's return to Premier League management with Queens Park Rangers on Saturday , it was two of Manchester United 's unsung heroes who grabbed the spotlight . With former Tottenham boss Redknapp watching from the stands after being confirmed as Mark Hughes ' replacement , it appeared the English top flight 's only winless team might pull off a major upset after taking the lead at Old Trafford . However , second-half substitute Anderson inspired yet another comeback by Alex Ferguson 's side as United returned to the top of the table with a 3-1 victory and bounced back from last weekend 's shock defeat by Norwich . "  Anderson changed the game , " said manager Ferguson said of the Brazilian midfielder , who has started only five matches in all competitions this season . "  We played for about 10 or 15 minutes , that was the sum total of a real performance for Manchester United . "  Queens Park Rangers had a surge of determination and belief , they worked really hard and that 's what you expect when a team loses its manager . We saw that again today . " Redknapp returns to EPL management The match marked Darren Fletcher 's first Premier League start in more than a year following a chronic bowel complaint which threatened to end his career , and the Scotland midfielder capped it by heading United in front following Jonny Evans ' equalizer . "  Everyone is delighted for him . It has been a long road back , " said Ferguson . "  It is the first time he has played twice in one week . He did n't let us down again . He never does . It is lovely to have him back like that . " United went behind for the 13th time in 20 games this season , and the fifth in a row , as forward Jamie Mackie scored for QPR in the 52nd minute from Kieron Dyer 's low cross . Sculptor shows softer side of formidable Ferguson However , center-back Evans leveled with his third goal this season after Danny Welbeck headed on a corner by Wayne Rooney , who provided another set-piece for Fletcher to score his first league goal since the 6-1 hammering by rivals Manchester City 13 months ago . Striker Javier Hernandez , another halftime replacement , wrapped up the victory with his ninth goal this season to put United two points clear of City -- who on Sunday travel to a Chelsea team under the guidance of new manager Rafael Benitez . Chelsea dropped to fourth place following West Brom 's 4-2 victory at Sunderland on Saturday , which gave Steve Clarke 's team a fourth successive win in the top division for the first time since 1980 . "  We have had a lot of plaudits and the players deserve it because so far , we have been a really good team , " said Clarke , in his first managerial role after being assistant at Newcastle , Chelsea , Liverpool and West Ham . "  But you do n't get carried away in the Premier League . We are still this side of Christmas , there are a lot of games to be played , a lot of points to be fought for . Our focus is on Wednesday night , that 's as far ahead as we look . " Everton stayed fifth despite being held 1-1 by Norwich , as Sebastien Bassong 90th-minute header canceled out Steven Naismith 's first-half goal for the Merseyside team . Norwich moved up to 13th in the 20-team division , extending the team 's unbeaten run to six matches . Arsenal announced a $ 240 million sponsorship extension with Emirates on Friday , but the London club remained sixth after being held 0-0 away to an Aston Villa team that moved out of the bottom three . Reading dropped into the relegation zone after losing 3-2 against Wigan , with Jordi Gomez netting all three goals for the 15th-placed home team . Stoke moved up to 11th with a 1-0 win over ninth-placed Fulham , as former Liverpool midfielder Charlie Adam scored the only goal .	Manchester United return to top of EPL with 3-1 win against Queens Park Rangers Bottom team take lead in front of new manager before United come from behind Darren Fletcher scores in his first Premier League start in more than a year United boss Alex Ferguson also credits substitute Anderson for inspiring victory
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Two rival Shiite leaders signed an agreement Saturday to end months of rancor and fighting between the two powerful movements they command , a representative of one of the men said . Muqtada al-Sadr , left , and Abdul Aziz al-Hakim have agreed to promote peace between their rival movements . Muqtada al-Sadr , the populist Shiite cleric , and Abdul Aziz al-Hakim , the head of the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , forged the agreement in the spirit of the current Muslim holy month of Ramadan , said SICI spokesman Haytham al-Husseini . Gestures of forgiveness and mercy are often made during Ramadan . The deal has three main points : stopping the fighting between Iraqis , urging print and electronic media to engender a spirit of friendship and forgiveness , and establishing commissions in each of Iraq 's 18 provinces to oversee the peace initiative . Al-Husseini said al-Sadr , who recently returned to Iraq from Iran , signed the agreement in Najaf , the Shiite holy city in the south , and al-Hakim signed it in Iran . The men head movements that are in the middle of a power struggle in Shiite regions across Iraq , particularly in the south . Al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army and SICI 's Badr Organization militia have squared off in recent months , with Mehdi gunmen many times fighting police who are aligned with the Badr group . Clashes between those groups during a recent pilgrimage in the Shiite holy city of Karbala sparked all-out fighting in that city , Baghdad and Babil province . That fighting , in August , left dozens dead and caused al-Sadr to suspend his militia for six months for restructuring . Meanwhile on Saturday , the U.S. military countered media reports that civilians were among 25 people killed during fighting near Baquba early Friday . The military , underscoring its earlier account of the incident , said it was targeting a Shiite militant believed to be associated with members of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps - Quds Force , the entity accused by the United States of providing arms and training to insurgents in Iraq . Troops came under heavy fire in a village in Diyala province , which extends north and east of Baghdad and borders Iran , and a battle ensued , the military said . The military said air power was called in to support ground troops and the strike killed 25 people . But , the military says , they were n't civilians . "  In this instance , we have confirmed that the 25 criminals who were killed were responsible for the attack on our forces and in fact were members of an extremist group operating in the Baquba region , " the military said . Iraqi authorities told CNN on Friday that the airstrike in the village , a Shiite community , killed and wounded civilians , including women and children . In raids on Saturday , coalition forces killed six insurgents and detained 18 , the U.S. military said . The raids , targeting the Sunni-dominated al Qaeda in Iraq , were conducted in the Baghdad area , in Kirkuk , and near Samarra . "  We 're on the offensive against al Qaeda in Iraq and the foreign terrorists who help them , " said Maj. Winfield Danielson , Multi-National Forces-Iraq spokesman . A roadside bomb in southern Baghdad on Saturday killed a U.S. soldier and wounded three others , the U.S. military said . This brings the number of U.S. military deaths to seven in October and 3,808 since the beginning of the Iraq war . Seven civilian contractors for the Defense Department also have been killed . E-mail to a friend	Chiefs of powerful groups that fight one another forge peace deal Previously vying for power , Muqtada al-Sadr , Abdul Aziz al-Hakim pledge peace U.S. denies killing civilians in airstrike on village near Baquba U.S. soldier killed by bomb ; 6 insurgents killed in raids , U.S. military says
CNN  -- Days of violent unrest in the Thai capital have left dozens dead and hundreds injured , as security forces clashed with anti-government protesters , with the demonstrators finally surrendering on Wednesday evening . Bangkok turned into a war zone Wednesday , as Thai military forces cracked down on anti-government protesters , ending a tense standoff that has troubled the capital for weeks . The chaotic day left at least five people dead , as Bangkok residents endured an edgy and unsettled night . Wednesday 's violent clashes cap a months-long standoff between Thai authorities and protesters opposed to the government of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva . The protesters -- known as the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship  UDD  -- support Thaksin Shinawatra , who was prime minister from 2001 to 2006 , before he was ousted in a bloodless coup . What has happened up till now ? The latest violence follows a government pledge to hold an election in November in an attempt to halt the protests . However , amid ongoing anger over a crackdown by security forces last month and a refusal by the protesters to comply with a deadline to vacate the district of Bangkok -- until Wednesday -- authorities say the election date is now under threat . Prime Minister Abhisit declared a state of emergency April 7 , hours after anti-government demonstrators  known as "  Red Shirts " for the clothes they wear  stormed the country 's parliament . Following protests that have paralyzed parts of Bangkok for months , the army surged on Wednesday into Lumpini Park , with armored personnel carriers crushing bamboo and tire barricades , while protesters hurled M79 grenades at soldiers . Witnesses reported a dozen buildings -- including a bank , a police station , a local television station and Thailand 's biggest shopping mall -- set ablaze . At least five people , including an Italian journalist , were listed as killed by the Police Hospital in Bangkok . Another 64 -- two journalists among them -- were wounded . What happens next ? Thailand 's prime minister sought to calm public fears with a televised address in which he expressed confidence that peace would soon be restored . "  I would like to give moral support to officers who are doing their duties now and would like to reassure you , " Prime Minister Abhisit told citizens . "  And I am confident that we can overcome all the problems and bring the country to a long-lasting peace . " He said that the government had regained full control and that Red Shirt leaders had fled or had been taken into police custody . Seven anti-government protest leaders had been taken into custody , while several others fled , authorities said . The prime minister 's office issued a statement Wednesday blaming the crackdown on failed talks between the two sides . "  Negotiations failed because core  opposition  leaders are not able to make decisions by themselves , " the statement said , alluding to an outside force influencing the protesters . "  We  ask core leaders to stop the rally and surrender . " On Wednesday , it seemed that the time for talking had passed . How long have protests being going on ? Thailand has been embroiled in political chaos for years , and many Thai citizens are growing weary with the instability . Ever since Thaksin Shinawatra came to power in 2001 , there were protesters opposing his allegedly corrupt and autocratic rule . Those protesters donned yellow shirts  the color of the king  and occupied the two main airports in Bangkok , until finally the pro-Thaksin government was brought down by a court ruling . In revenge Thaksin 's supporters copied the yellow-shirt tactics with a variation , and took to the streets in red shirts . But the rift is largely between the Red Shirts and the so-called "  multi-colored shirts "  who support Abhisit , the current prime minister  . The multi-colored shirts , generally middle-class city dwellers , are displeased with the disruption caused by the protests . They are not pro- or anti-government . They simply want the government to shut down the Reds to end the violence and interruptions to daily life . Why do the sides identify themselves by colors ? It 's an easy way for them to create an identity . It all started with the Yellow Shirts wearing a color associated with Monday , the day of the week that Thailand 's revered king was born on . That was designed to show their allegiance to the king and more broadly the traditional elite which has dominated Thai politics for years . Thaksin 's supporters then picked a color to distinguish themselves from the Yellow Shirts . Why are they arguing ? Essentially this is a classic power struggle . It 's easy to portray this as simply rich against poor , but it is much more complicated than that , as illustrated by the fact that the Reds ' leader is in fact a multi-billionaire . Thaksin rode to power by enacting populist policies which gained huge support from the rural poor . His radical approach ruffled a lot of feathers among the elite , who felt he was becoming too big for his boots and feared his policies would erode their position . The "  civil society " also become concerned over allegations of corruption and Thaksin 's brutal war on drugs , which saw summary executions . He was also criticized for his heavy handed response to violence in the Muslim-dominated south . Finally , the army ousted Thaksin in a coup , which had the backing of the aristocratic elite and much of the middle class , who were becoming uneasy with the cult of personality growing around the leader . That set the stage for an embittered power struggle between Thaksin loyalists and those loyal to the army , aristocracy and their traditional Democrat Party . From his self-imposed exile abroad to avoid a trial on corruption charges , Thaksin released a statement Wednesday saying that he was not the leader of the United Front for Democracy , the formal name of the Red Shirt opposition , and that their movement calling for new elections is not on his behalf . "  They did not demand anything for me or on my behalf . I am not UDD , " he said . Thaksin also accused the Thai government of defaming him by saying he was the mastermind behind the violence in the country 's ongoing political crisis . So who is Thaksin ? Visionary leader or venal despot : Opinions vary , like the color of the shirts his supporters and detractors wear . If you sport red , you think Thaksin was the only prime minister to offer the rural poor a voice and real benefits ; if you wear yellow , you view him as opponents of the Philippines ' Ferdinand Marcos saw that leader : greedy and dangerous . What is not in dispute is that Thaksin won two elections , was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full-term in office and is still hugely popular . But critics say he bought his support and was only in politics to help himself . As a businessman , Thaksin made billions of dollars from his communications company , Shin Corporation . In 2008 he was found guilty and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison for a land deal that enabled his wife to buy a valuable city plot for a fraction of its true value . Thaksin also faces other corruption charges . More than $ 2 billion in Thaksin 's family assets are currently frozen in Thailand , but there is speculation he has a great deal more money elsewhere . What are the wider implications of the protests ? If the divisions in Thailand ca n't be healed , it could lead to a deteriorating security situation which would have wider implications for the region . Thailand 's relations with Cambodia are especially frosty , since Thaksin was appointed economic adviser to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen. The worst case scenario would see Cambodia drawn into the dispute , with Thaksin using the country as a political base , adding to the already considerable tensions on the border . Is Thailand safe for visitors ? Many western embassies have shut their doors and are warning their citizens against travel to Bangkok , as violence in the city continues . "  Due to escalating violence in central Bangkok , including gunfire near the U.S. Embassy , demonstrations in Chiang Mai , and other incidents throughout Thailand , U.S. citizens should defer all travel to Bangkok and defer all non-essential travel to the rest of Thailand , " the U.S. State Department has warned . As well as advising against travel to Bangkok , the United Kingdom 's Foreign Office warned of protests and violent incidents in popular tourist destinations such as Pattaya , Chiang Mai , Chiang Rai and Ayutthaya . But Bangkok 's main Suvarnabhumi airport is operating normally , according to its Web site .	November election date -- a government concession -- under threat Bangkok turns into a war zone Wednesday ; five people were listed as killed Anti-government protesters support former PM Thaksin who was ousted in 2006 Protests have paralyzed parts of Bangkok for months
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN -LSB- Breaking news update at 11:45 p.m. ET -RSB- Two African-Americans -- Ella Jones and Wesley Bell -- were elected to the Ferguson City Council on Tuesday , meaning three of the six council members are black . -LSB- Previous story , published at 6:52 p.m. ET -RSB- The skies grew ominous and the radio crackled with warnings of flash floods . Amid the rain , Ferguson opened its polls at 6 a.m. for municipal elections that traditionally have drawn very few out to vote . But today was different . This was the first city election since white police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown last August . Since then , this St. Louis suburb of 21,000 people has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination against African-Americans by law enforcement and the courts . There 's widespread feeling , especially in the African-American community , that if the turnout is low , then all the protests , the investigations , the calls for change will have been in vain . St. Louis elections officials said they had no indication that turnout in Tuesday 's election would be any different than other years . But among the candidates inspired to run by the events that transpired here , there was hope of seeing greater voter participation . "  That is what our democracy is about , " said Wesley Bell , a 40-year-old lawyer and criminal justice professor who also is a part-time municipal judge in nearby Velda City . Bell is running against Lee Smith , a retired electrical plant employee , in Ward 3 . That area includes Canfield Drive , where Brown was killed , and the West Florissant Avenue business corridor that felt the brunt of the protests and the vandalism . Charred , heavily damaged buildings stand as scars of Ferguson 's despair and anger . Both Bell and Smith are black , And no matter the outcome , one of them will double the African-American representation on the council . Even though 70 % of Ferguson 's 21,000 people are black , five of the six current City Council members and the mayor are white . The council was cited along with the Ferguson Police Department , which has three black officers , as a symbol of white power in a majority black city . "  We have to get out of this law enforcement for business , " said candidate Doyle McClellan , coordinator of the computer network security program at Lewis and Clark Community College . McClellan referred to the scathing report by the U.S. Department of Justice that found Ferguson issued fines and traffic tickets to generate revenue for the city . "  That 's not a good thing , " McClellan said as he stood in the drizzle at a polling station , hoping to persuade voters who were still undecided . The polls close here at 7 p.m. Results are not expected until a few hours later . Ted Heidemann , a 67-year-old retired airline pilot , said he voted for Brian Fletcher , a former mayor who launched the "  I Love Ferguson " campaign last fall to raise money for mom and pop businesses that were hurt by the looting and vandalism . Some residents see Fletcher as being a part of the establishment , part of the problem . But Heidemann asked why no one complained when Fletcher was mayor . He said Brown 's shooting brought a lot of bad things to light . "  We did n't realize the effect some of the institutional problems had on poor people , " he said . "  Some things need to be changed and we are aware of that . " By midafternoon , Fletcher said the numbers looked good . At a church where voters from all three wards were casting ballots , he predicted a 40-50 % turnout . When the rain let up for a few minutes , a stream of voters trickled into the First Presbyterian Church in downtown Ferguson to cast their votes . Ellory and Kathy Glenn both voted for Bob Hudgins , a political novice who attracted attention as a white man who routinely stood with protesters on the front lines . He speaks often of having married a black woman and having a biracial teenage son . "  I wanted change , " said Ellory Glenn , 60 , who is black . His wife is white . He said the couple moved to Ferguson after he retired from the Marine Corps in 1995 because they felt it was a racially welcoming place . But now , after all the problems rose to the surface , it 's time for fresh blood on the City Council , Glenn said . That 's why they chose Hudgins over Fletcher . "  Quit using law enforcement as a revenue stream , " he said . "  That 's like using the military to go into places and looting them . The police are supposed to keep order . " Angela Jackson came to the polls with her husband and two little girls in tow . She voted for Ella Jones , a former Mary Kay cosmetics sales director who resigned her job in January to run for office . Jackson echoed the thoughts of other Ferguson residents who experienced something new in this election : candidates coming to their door . Past elections have not seen the kind of canvassing activity that took place in the last few weeks . "  One thing we really liked is  Jones  came to our door and talked to us about her desire to make change in our neighborhood , " Jackson said . "  She 's going to be hands on . She lives in the neighborhood as well , and has for the past 36 years . We were kind of taken by that . " Fletcher , the former mayor turned City Council candidate , campaigned that Ferguson would benefit from his experience more than a newcomer , saying his contacts from almost three decades in politics would be an invaluable asset in getting Ferguson back on its feet . "  I understand that feeling , " Fletcher said of those who feel he 's too entrenched in the city 's old guard , "  but those individuals do n't know me . " The city is required to approve a new budget by the end of June and the new council will have to look for alternative sources of revenue to replace the $ 3 million or so lost from money generated by traffic tickets and fines . "  That amount will drop significantly , " Fletcher said . The rain began to fall again as the Glenns got in their car . It was expected to continue off and on through the day and night . But about 5 , just when many voters were leaving work , the sun shone brilliantly . Overheard at one precinct : Good weather brought out the worst in Ferguson last August . Maybe today , it would bring out the best .	Two more African-Americans have been elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday 's vote is the first in Ferguson since the shooting death of Michael Brown
CNN  -- Official Washington , still stuck in the government shutdown of its own making , seems exceedingly short on wisdom these days . But maybe it is looking in the wrong places for answers . Maybe , for one example , there is an unexpected lesson of sorts to be found in the history of baseball . That sport , which is currently moving through its postseason and toward the World Series , is hardly without it own troubles ; it has endured its share of shutdowns , strikes and lockouts . It was during one of those work stoppages -- the seven-week strike of 1981 -- that an anguished fan pleaded publicly with the leaders of the sport , both the owners and the players , to come to their senses . The fan was Bart Giamatti , who at the time was the president of Yale University and who would go on to become the commissioner of Major League Baseball . Giamatti , frustrated by the posturing and excuses on both sides , wrote that the failure to open up the gates of the ballparks was "  utter foolishness . ... The people of America care about baseball , not about your squalid little squabbles . Reassume your dignity and remember that you are the temporary custodians of an enduring public trust . " Indeed . The squalid little squabbles that have gummed up the daily machinery of the federal government have laid bare a stark truth : the unwillingness of leaders of both parties to get past their desire to portray themselves solely as winners , and those on the other side solely as losers . That the majority of the public -- the employers of these officials -- want the government to open back up seems to have mattered little to those entrusted with the authority to open it . The politicians ' belated nervous scrambling of the last few days , prompted by the citizens ' disdain , has only highlighted how badly they overestimated the limits of the country 's patience . During political campaign seasons , candidates , both Republicans and Democrats , love to proclaim : "  This election is n't about me . It 's about you . " That thought tends to evaporate after the election is won . The Congress and the White House have been acting as if the wishes of the citizens to get the government operating again are an irritating distraction from what the political leaders are most focused on : stubbornly and frantically shifting the blame to the other guy . If Harry Truman proclaimed that "  the buck stops here , " the people in charge in the House of Representatives , the Senate and the White House seem resolved to continually bleat : "  The buck stops there . " It is all someone else 's fault . And the public is supposed to accept that . If it were federal workers , instead of the elected leaders of the federal government , who had made the decision to close down buildings , parks , programs and services , they could expect to be in dire trouble . President Ronald Reagan , when federal air traffic controllers walked off their jobs in 1981 , said : "  Government can not close down the assembly line . It has to provide without interruption the protective services which are government 's reason for being . " But when it is the elected officials themselves who close down the assembly line , they expect the citizens to understand . Every moment the political leaders have spent preening before the cameras has been a moment they were not working to reopen the government . There is a stirring sentence in the creed of the Navy SEALs : "  I do not advertise the nature of my work , nor seek recognition for my actions . " It is as if the men and women in charge in Washington have adopted the mirror opposite of that code . Baseball fan Giamatti wrote , in the midst of that 1981 strike : "  There is no general sympathy for either of your sides . Nor will there be . " The sooner that the leaders of government -- the "  temporary custodians of an enduring public trust " -- fully comprehend that there is , and will be , no general sympathy heading their way , either , the sooner they may realize that it 's time to step away from the television cameras and cease their futile search for that sympathy . And instead do the jobs they are being paid to do . How have you been affected by the shutdown ? Share your story . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : D.C. pols should heed words of then-future MLB chief Giamatti during 1981 strike Giamatti said public not interested in baseball 's "  squalid little squabbles " Greene : Government leaders should be keepers of public trust Greene : If federal workers shut down government , there 'd be an uproar
CNN  -- German medical groups joined the French health ministry Friday in recommending that women seek removal of breast implants made by a French company , saying they need not hurry but the devices could pose eventual health problems . England 's National Health Service also weighed in Friday , stopping short of recommending routine removal of implants made by Poly Implant Prostheses , or PIP , but agreeing to pay to have them taken out in some cases . French authorities announced last month that the government would pay for the removal of the bankrupt company 's implants , which a British medical group says were made from "  non-medical grade silicone believed by the manufacturers to be made for mattresses . " Authorities in France and England have dismissed fears of cancer from the implants , but have said the devices are prone to rupture and could cause inflammation , scarring and fibrosis . More than 500 French women have had the implants removed since last year , according to the French government agency that evaluates the safety of medical products . Since then , more than 1,000 implants have ruptured , the agency said . German medical groups representing plastic surgeons , breast care specialists and gynecologists said Friday that while the implants do not pose any immediate health threat , they raise the risk of ruptures , difficulties with breast imaging and other complications . "  We recommend removal without hurry , just as the French expert commission has recommended , " the groups said in a joint release . In Britain , David Nicholson , chief executive of the National Health Service , said an advisory medical group found there was no evidence to support routine removal of the implants or suggestions that they could increase the risk of cancer . "  However , the group also acknowledges that many of the implants are made up of non-medical grade silicone and should not have been implanted in women in the first place , " Nicholson said in a letter to medical workers released Friday . Nicholson said the government would pay to have the implants removed from women who received them as part of reconstructive care provided by the publicly funded National Health Service . Women who paid for cosmetic implants from private clinics would not be eligible for government funded care in most cases , the NHS said . But Nicholson said he hoped private practitioners would also pay for the removal of implants if patients request it . "  We want the private sector to offer the same service to its patients as the NHS is offering and we are working with them to best ensure an equivalent model of care is provided , " he said . An estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received breast implants from the company . The implants were banned in 2010 and the company went bankrupt later that year . The implants are not approved for use in the United States . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	German medical groups back the removal of breast implants made by a French company England 's National Health Service agrees to pay to remove some implants But the NHS says routine removal is not necessary Implants made by PIP may rupture , causing problems like inflammation , health groups say
For the second time since the U.S.-led effort to counter ISIS began , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , said he would not rule out asking the President to send U.S. ground troops into Iraq . "  I 've never been limited in my ability to make a recommendation of any size or sort to the President of the United States , " Dempsey told the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday , adding that he is always re-evaluating the situation in Iraq . Dempsey told the committee that he could envision scenarios in which a U.S. ground contingent would be necessary in Iraq , particularly if the coalition moves to retake Mosul or the western border with Syria . "  I 'm not predicting at this point that I would recommend that those forces in Mosul and along the border would need to be accompanied by U.S. forces , " cautioned Dempsey , "  but we 're certainly considering it . " Rep. Buck McKeon , R-California , the committee 's chairman , expressed concern about President Obama 's consistent refusal to consider sending U.S. ground troops to the region . "  I will not support sending our military into harm 's way with their arms tied behind their backs , " McKeon said , adding he would block any congressional authorization that specifically barred sending ground forces . And while Dempsey said he would not rule out the need for U.S. ground troops in the future , he added : "  I just do n't foresee a circumstance when it would be in our interest to take this fight on ourselves with a large military contingent . " Throughout the hearing , Dempsey and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel described a mission in Iraq and Syria that will likely be long and fraught with setbacks . "  As a coalition , and as a nation , we must prepare for a long and difficult struggle , " Hagel said . Echoing those sentiments , Dempsey advised Americans to "  take a long view " of the conflict , even as the U.S. and its allies have gained ground . But members from both parties expressed serious concerns over the administration 's strategy in Iraq and Syria . While McKeon and others are calling for more U.S. involvement in Iraq and Syria , other members are expressing frustrations over the fact that the United States is potentially becoming involved in another protracted foreign war . "  It looks like we 're going down the same road that -LSB- former Defense Secretary -RSB- Donald Rumsfeld told us we had to do , " said Rep. Walter Jones , a Republican congressman from North Carolina who was visibly irritated . Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii , a veteran of the last Iraq war , expressed similar concerns . "  I 'm wondering how we can be walking down the same path that we 've walked down over the last decade or more and hope for a different outcome , " she said . Committee members also called on the administration to seek a new Authorization for Use of Military Force , essentially getting Congress ' approval to continue U.S. military actions in the region . President Obama initially said he did not require such authorization , but has since indicated he would work with Congress to secure approval . Asked about it in the hearing , Hagel said he did not yet know what specific authorizations the White House would be requesting , but insisted the President would engage members of Congress on the issue . Throughout the hearing , Hagel and Dempsey reiterated that military action alone will not defeat ISIS , and that a political solution will need to come together in Iraq and Syria . But the secretary of defense stopped short of saying the United States would seek the removal of Syrian President Bashir al-Assad , despite CNN 's reporting on Wednesday that the administration was considering a change in strategy on that front . "  Yes , it is a longer-term part of this to find a stable government and leaders in Syria to be able to bring some stability to that country " even as the U.S. focuses on ISIS in the immediate term , Hagel said . The Obama administration has insisted that the operation to fight ISIS would rely on building partner capacity on the ground , training and equipping moderate Syrian rebels and supporting the Iraqi Security Forces and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters . But for some committee members , this assurance brought further concerns about whether the United States could rely on those partner groups to take on ISIS . The U.S. has not begun to vet members of the moderate Syrian opposition , some of whom are more preoccupied with toppling al-Assad than taking on ISIS . And the Iraqi Security Forces , already U.S.-trained once before at great cost , initially fled in large numbers as ISIS advanced into northern Iraq . "  Men and women will not fight if they do not have confidence in their leaders , " Hagel said of the earlier breakdown . But the secretary tried to assure committee members that the new Iraqi government , under Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi , would make the changes necessary to strengthen those forces , and both officials said the future of the conflict , on the whole , looks bright . Still , Dempsey said the campaign to defeat ISIS will inevitably follow a pattern of "  three steps forward , two steps back . " "  And at every step forward or back , " he added , "  we 'll debate about the size of the step . "	Joint Chiefs chairman speaks to a House committee Gen. Martin Dempsey says he would not rule out asking for U.S. ground troops in Iraq But he adds he does n't "  foresee a circumstance ... in our interest to take this fight on ourselves " Committee chairman expresses concern about Obama 's refusal on ground troops
Hollywood , Florida  CNN  -- He 's known for his big hair and his big personality and at 81 years old , legendary boxing promoter Don King is still hard at work trying to turn his big dreams into reality . His latest endeavor : a boxing and music event in North Korea . "  This came about by me thinking about Korea and feeling that Korea , that it should be one Korea , " said King . When asked about the odds of this event actually coming together , King says , "  It 's very difficult to believe , I understand that . " Understanding King may help explain why he believes he can make this event happen . The hallways of the Don King Productions office in South Florida are lined with photographs of him posing with world leaders , celebrities and athletes . There are old boxing posters and newspaper articles framed and hanging on the walls . It feels more like a museum than an office building . For decades , King has appeared alongside boxing greats including Muhammad Ali , Mike Tyson and Evander Holyfield -- promoting legendary matchups that have catapulted many boxers into lifelong fame . Boxing has always been more than a sport to King , who contemplates the photos . "  Gen. David Petraeus , that was my friend , " said King , pointing to a photo signed by the former Army commander , now CIA director . "  I went to Iraq with him . " On the other side of the room is a picture of King with a young Michael Jackson , who "  told me that music is the ribbon that ties humanity together , " King recalled . "  And I added to that boxing is a catalyst that brings humanity together to be tied . " A framed letter from former President George W. Bush hangs on the wall , as does his picture with Bush and one with Bill Clinton . "  I am not a Democrat and I am not a Republican , " explained King . "  I 'm a ` Republicrat ' and that means that I 'm for the American people first and the party second . " He is a fan of President Barack Obama and believes that Bush paved the way for an Obama presidency : "  George Walker Bush had the most diversified Cabinet in the history of the nation . " Another photo shows King with former Ohio Gov. James Rhodes , who gained fame after sending National Guard troops to Kent State in 1970 . Rhodes pardoned King in 1983 for a prior manslaughter conviction . The boxing promoter spent four years in prison for the fatal beating of a man who King says owed him money . King admits this was n't the only man he killed during his early years , when he was running an illegal gambling operation on the streets of Cleveland . He had no problem describing what happened when an intruder entered his home in 1954 : "  I was shooting him and he 's shooting at me , " recalled King , "  he goes downstairs and into the alley somewhere and falls dead in the alley . " King claimed he fired in self-defense and the case was ruled a justifiable homicide . For both of them , I suffered deep contrition , " said King , adding , "  How do you expiate for that ? You expiate for that by helping others and that 's what my life is dedicated to . " That life is reflected in his hallway of photographs chronicling nearly every moment of King 's rise to fame . Another photo shows King wearing a prison number , not his , but 46664 -- the prison number of former South African President Nelson Mandela . King said Mandela asked him to wear the black T-shirt with the number printed across the front . "  What I take from him , he says you can do more for world peace , " King said , recalling the day they met . Mandela spoke to King about bringing people together through sports . That concept of sports diplomacy is what King hopes to achieve on the Korean peninsula . A phone call from South Korea 's ambassador to the United States interrupts our guided tour of King 's hallway of photos . King heads back into his office , asking the ambassador the progress of the North Korea project . "  You took the statement both to North and South ambassadors ? " King asks on speakerphone . "  I wrote a letter to Kim Jung Un and have we heard anything back from the supreme leader ? " King explains he met with the ambassador and a North Korean representative during a trip to New York and he recently sent his proposal to Kim . He has not heard back from officials in North Korea . Cult of personality surrounds new North Korean leader Before hanging up the phone , King thanks the ambassador and says , "  I will call you back because I have to move on to the rest of the world , God bless you and God bless Korea . " Not one to sit around and wait for things to happen , after talking to the ambassador , King leaves his office for the Hard Rock Casino in Hollywood , Florida , where he was promoting a fight . As King strolls through the casino on a Monday afternoon , guests instantly recognize the figure with the wild hair and American flag tie , jacket , scarf and necklace charm . In case the red , white and blue apparel was not enough to show his patriotism , King carries two American flags , one for each hand . King likes his props , especially the flags . For this outing he made sure he also had the Seminole Tribe of Florida flag to carry with him . He also likes the attention he gets from the public , gladly stopping every few feet to pose for pictures , as he makes his way to the event hall , where his boxers are getting ready for a fight . "  Our customers , our guests , they 're as interested in being exposed to Don as they are the fight card itself , " explained Jim Allen , chief executive officer of Hard Rock International 's casinos and restaurants . King publicly embraces the caricature of himself that he has spent decades cultivating . He is a public figure whose name alone can evoke adoration or abhorrence . When he 's out of the limelight , King is a family man often quiet and deep in his thoughts , according to his son , Karl King . Karl , 55 , is one of three children King had with his wife of over 50 years , Henrietta . She passed away in 2010 at age 87 . During King 's time in prison , it was Henrietta who protected the children and kept the family together . "  We moved out of the city where he was so well known ... to a rural part of Ohio , " recalled Karl . After his father 's prison stint , Karl King said his mother continued to hold the family together while his "  workaholic " father financially provided for the family during his rise to fame as Don King the promoter . "  I think it 's what gives him life , " explained the younger King . "  The art of closing a deal , the art of waving the flags and being something more than just a boxing promoter who puts on boxing shows . " King 's life at 81 seems to continue as it has for decades , with him being at the center of the ring , taking on projects that may seem impossible to others . King knows the odds of the North Korea endeavor are not in his favor . But he says it 's not about the fight . "  I 'm not a boxing guy , " King explained . "  I 'm a guy that uses boxing as a catalyst to bring people together . " CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report	Don King , who turned 81 this week , is still promoting boxing matches He hopes to sponsor a boxing and music event in North Korea His office in South Florida is a virtual museum of his legacy "  I 'm a guy that uses boxing as a catalyst to bring people together , " King told CNN
CNN  -- Josef Fritzl , the Austrian accused of keeping his daughter in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children , will plead guilty to rape and incest when his trial opens Monday , Fritzl 's lawyer told CNN . Josef Fritzl is expected to plead guilty to rape and incest on Monday , his lawyer tells CNN . However , Fritzl will deny other charge he faces : murder , enslavement and assault , attorney Rudolph Mayer said Sunday . The 73-year-old expects to spend the rest of his life in prison , Mayer added . Fritzl faces six charges in a closed-door trial . The trial is scheduled to last five days , but Mayer said it could be shorter . Fritzl was charged in November with incest and the repeated rape of his daughter , Elisabeth , over a 24-year period . But he was also charged with the murder of one of the children he fathered with her , an infant who died soon after birth . State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said Michael Fritzl died from lack of medical care . In all , Fritzl is charged with : murder , involvement in slave trade  slavery  , rape , incest , assault and deprivation of liberty , Sedlacek 's office said . If convicted , he could face life in prison . Austria does not have the death penalty . "  This man obviously led a double life for 24 years . He had a wife and had seven kids with her . And then he had another family with his daughter , fathered another seven children with her , " said Franz Polzer , a police officer in Amstetten , the town where Fritzl lived , at the time of his arrest . The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth 's daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill with convulsions . Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow Kerstin , then 19 , to be taken to a hospital for treatment . Hospital staff became suspicious of the case and alerted police , who discovered the family members in the cellar . Fritzl confessed to police that he raped his daughter , kept her and their children in captivity and burned the body of the dead infant in an oven in the house . Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins who died a few days after birth . When Elisabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 , she told police , her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room . Fritzl explained Elisabeth 's disappearance in 1984 by saying the girl , who was then 18 , had run away from home . He backed up the story with letters he forced Elisabeth to write . Elisabeth Fritzl and all but three of her children lived in the specially designed cellar beneath her father 's home in Amstetten , Austria , west of Vienna . The other three children lived upstairs with Fritzl and his wife ; Fritzl had left them on his own doorstep , pretending the missing Elisabeth had dropped them off . Under Austrian law , if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses , he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime . The charges he faces are : • Murder : The infant who died in 1996 died from a lack of medical care , the state prosecutor said . The charge carries a sentence of life in prison . • Involvement in slave trade : From 1984 until 2008 , prosecutors allege , Fritzl held his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in a dungeon , abused her sexually and treated her as if she were his personal property -- in a situation similar to slavery . If he is convicted , the sentence could range from 10 to 20 years in prison . • Rape : Between August 30 , 1984 , and June 30 , 1989 , Fritzl "  regularly sexually abused Elisabeth , " according to the prosecutor . The sentence could be from five to 15 years in prison . • Incest : Parallel to the rape charge . It carries a sentence of up to one year . • Withdrawal of liberty : Three of the children Fritzl had with Elisabeth were illegally held captive in a dungeon with no daylight or fresh air , according to prosecutors . That charge carries a sentence of one to 10 years . • Assault : Between August 28 , 1984 , and April 26 , 2006 , Fritzl repeatedly threatened Elisabeth and their three children with gas and booby traps as warnings in case they tried to escape , authorities allege . The sentence would range from six months to five years . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Man accused of keeping daughter in a cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children Josef Fritzl , whose trial starts Monday , will plead guilty , his lawyer tells CNN Prosecutors : Fritzl raped his daughter over 24 years , said she had run away Fritzl also accused of killing one of the children he fathered with daughter
Paris  CNN  -- The Old Mostar Bridge , the giant Buddhas of Bamiyan , and now the Mausoleums of Timbuktu . Once again , culture is under attack . Militants from the Ansar Dine group , which controls much of northern Mali , have started to destroy Timbuktu 's ancient tombs . In three days , half of the town 's shrines have been destroyed in a display of fanaticism . In rebel hands since January , Timbuktu has been taken beyond the pale . Mali has gone from one of West Africa 's most stable democracies to a country gripped by chaos , where over 300,000 people have been uprooted . The destruction of Timbuktu 's shrines adds a moral and cultural crisis to a desperate humanitarian situation . These are not accidents , nor the unfortunate side effects of conflict . This destruction is deliberate , undertaken in cold blood to catch the world 's attention and destroy the last defenses of Malian identity and strength . This attack is led by a tiny armed minority , who violently imposes its interpretation of a faith on a distraught local community , spoiling centuries of tolerance and exchange . We must realize what is really going on . There is much more at stake than a handful of structures made of mud and wood -- as valuable as they are . Timbuktu is no ordinary town . The fabled "  City of 333 Saints , " is an ancient desert crossroads and a historic seat of Islamic learning and faith . The attack on Timbuktu 's cultural heritage is an attack against this history and the values it carries -- values of tolerance , exchange and living together , which lie at the heart of Islam . It is an attack against the physical evidence that peace and dialogue is possible . This is condemned uniformly by religious leaders across the world . The International Criminal Court calls this a war crime . We call it an attack against humanity . This is an attempt to isolate and exclude , to sever the ties that bind peoples together . There is no justification for such a wanton destruction . Beyond universal condemnation , we must act to protect our common heritage as one of our most precious assets to build peace and foster mutual understanding in a globalized world . Islamist militants taking advantage of chaos in Mali Protecting culture is not a luxury -- it is a security issue . Attacks against cultural heritage are attacks against the very identity of communities . They lead to devastation that can be irreparable , with an impact that lasts long after the dust has settled . Attacks on the past make reconciliation much harder in the future . We know also the power of World Heritage to bring together divided communities and promote international cooperation in difficult contexts . I saw this personally in south-east Europe , for instance , when UNESCO helped rebuild the Old Mostar Bridge in Bosnia Herzegovina , destroyed during the war in the 1990s . UNESCO is also engaged today in restoration work in the Bamiyan Valley of Afghanistan . As globalization accelerates , people feel ever more the need to protect their identities and sense of belonging . Culture has today a central role in peace building and conflict prevention . This is why it is such an easy target for fanatics . Forty years ago , the world 's nations came together behind the World Heritage Convention , inspired by the idea that we share a heritage that is universal and that draws all cultures together . Fanatics across the planet will always try to counter this idea . These attacks call on us to renew our commitment to protect culture . Just as 40 years ago , we need a new leap of global solidarity today , starting in Timbuktu . I call on all parties to stop these tragic and irreversible acts . I am mobilizing UNESCO fully to provide support to the government and people of Mali . I have spoken to the leaders of the country and across the region and called on them to bring all the influence they have to help the people of Mali resolve the current crisis through dialogue .	Irina Bokova : The destruction of Timbuktu 's shrines adds a moral and cultural crisis to a desperate humanitarian situation She says the attack is an attempt to isolate and exclude , to sever the ties that bind peoples together "  We need a new leap of global solidarity today , starting in Timbuktu , " she says
Budget Travel  -- When you have beach on the brain , who wants to bother with a layover ? Budget Travel has prepared the ultimate insider 's guide to seven resort towns south of the border that are just one quick flight away . The Pacific-coast resort of Puerto Vallarta has attracted artists in recent years with its natural beauty and well-preserved colonial architecture . MAZATLÁN As resort towns go , Mazatlán is one of Mexico 's prettiest , with an assortment of 19th-century neoclassical , republican , and French baroque buildings in pastel colors . The best place for wandering is Old Mazatlán , particularly the tree-lined streets around Plazuela Machado , where guitarists and singers roam from one sidewalk café to the next . Eat Sample traditional Sinaloan dishes at Pedro & Lola , a restaurant with seating on the square that 's known for its Mexican Molcajete , grilled beef served with cactus and onions  011-52/669 -982 -2589 , restaurantpedroylola.com , beef $ 14  . Drink On nearby Belisario Domínguez street , locals gather nightly for tequila and Pacifico beers at La Tertulia , a bullfighting-themed bar that 's owned and staffed by actual bullfighters and has posters , costumes , and pictures of the sport 's greats all over the walls  no phone , tequila from $ 2  . BudgetTravel.com : Find a nonstop route to Mexico Stay Among the hotel options in the area , the 72-room Best Western Posada Freeman Express has the most character -- it 's in a renovated 1940s high-rise and has a rooftop pool with spectacular views of the Pacific Ocean  011-52/669 -985 -6060 , book.bestwestern.com , from $ 80  . Detour To lose the crowds , jump on one of Aqua Sport Center 's boats to tiny , uninhabited Deer Island just off the coast . It has a white-sand beach , trails for hiking , and clear waters that are perfect for snorkeling  011-52/669 -913 -3333 , $ 12  . IXTAPA-ZIHUATANEJO The twin cities of Ixtapa and Zihuatanejo are separated by just three miles , but despite that proximity , they do n't have a lot in common . Zihuatanejo , which dates back to precolonial times , is a relaxed fishing town set on an enclosed bay with not a single high-rise hotel . Stay The 30 rooms at the Hotel Brisas del Mar are accented with Mexican tiles and have hammocks on the balconies  011-52/755 -554 -2142 , hotelbrisasdelmar.com , from $ 102  . Ixtapa , in contrast , was built 36 years ago as part of a government effort to spur tourism development on the coast . Today , it has a gleaming strip of beachfront hotels , manicured lawns , and a wide range of restaurants , from local spots to large Mexican chains . Eat El Arbolito serves fresh seafood dishes , such as camaronillas -- shrimp and cheese in a fried tortilla -- and creative cocktails like the Black Banana , a mixture of Kahlua , coconut liqueur , and orange juice  011-52/755 -553 -3700 , entrées from $ 8  . Drink At Barceló Ixtapa Beach Hotel 's Sanca Bar , bands play salsa and Cuban music on weekend nights  011-52/755 -555 -2000 , barcelo.com , beer from $ 3  . Do Ixtapa has no shortage of beaches , but if you 're in the mood for something more active , rent a bike at Xplora Adventours  011-52/755 -553 -3584 , $ 3 per half hour  and take a ride through Parque Ecológico Aztlán , a forest teeming with native birds , turtles , and iguanas . BudgetTravel.com : Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo photos ACAPULCO Acapulco got its glamorous start in the 1950s and '60s , when celebrities like Frank Sinatra , Elizabeth Taylor , and Judy Garland turned the exclusive hotels on the rugged cliffs over the bay into their playground . Drink One of these spots , the 78-year-old Hotel el Mirador , is the place to go for a quintessential Acapulco experience : Watching cliff divers plunge 130 feet into the bay while having a watermelon daiquiri on the patio at the on-site La Perla bar  011-52/744 -483 -1155 , hotelelmiradoracapulco.com.mx , $ 24 drink minimum  . For another side of the city 's nightlife , find a dance partner and head to Ninas , a salsa and merengue club where bands play nightly  011-52/744 -484 -2400 , cover $ 24 , with open bar  . Stay Close to the city center , One Hotel Acapulco Costera has 126 rooms with simple , Scandinavian-style furniture  800/343 -7821 , onehotels.com , from $ 75  . Eat The open-air restaurant El Zorrito offers a wide range of regional Guerrero dishes , such as posole , hominy stew with chicken  011-52/744 -485 -3735 , posole $ 6  . Detour Eight miles south of downtown Acapulco is one of the most secluded beaches around : Playa Majahua . Swim in the bay and then try the ceviche at one of the tiny shacks set up near the sand . BudgetTravel.com : Acapulco photos PUERTO VALLARTA Puerto Vallarta 's art scene does n't yet rival that of San Miguel de Allende , but it 's well on its way : Painters , sculptors , and other artisans have moved to the Pacific-coast resort town in recent years , drawn by the natural beauty of the mountainous coast and the well-preserved colonial architecture in Old Vallarta . Shop The old town has a number of galleries and boutiques , such as Joyería Yoler , which sells handcrafted silver jewelry  011-52/322 -222 -8713  , and Peyote People , a purveyor of Huichol Indian art  011-52/322 -222 -2302  . See Large bronze sculptures by Mexican artists adorn the city 's Malecón , the oceanfront boardwalk lined with dozens of restaurants and shops . Stay One of the best hotel options in the area is the Buenaventura Grand Hotel & Spa , which has more than 200 newly renovated rooms -- some with beamed ceilings -- and a pool overlooking Playa Camarones  011-52/322 -226 -7000 , hotelbuenaventura.com.mx , from $ 120  . Eat Dine on a patio overlooking the beach at nearby El Barracuda , which specializes in seafood dishes like the Dynamite : shrimp , octopus , and tilapia served over rice  011-52/322 -222 -4034 , entrées from $ 13  . LOS CABOS Wedged between granite peaks and the water on the tip of Baja California , Los Cabos has one of Mexico 's most dramatic settings . But a less-than-thrilling 20-mile-long tourist corridor connects the towns of San José del Cabo and Cabo San Lucas , making it all the more appealing to choose a town and stick with it . See In San José del Cabo 's downtown arts district , galleries like Old Town show works by Mexican artists  011-52/624 -142 -3662 , oldtowngallery.net  . Stay El Encanto Inn & Suites is decorated in Spanish-colonial style , with chandeliers in the entryway and a fountain in the courtyard -- plus , the 28 rooms all have balconies  011-52/624 -142 -0388 , elencantoinn.com , from $ 95  . Eat Set in a hacienda in Cabo San Lucas , La Fonda serves dishes that chef Christopher Chong 's grandmother used to cook , like empanadas with a red chili sauce  011-52/624 -143 -6926 , empanadas $ 11  . Do At Playa Médano in Cabo San Lucas , Andromeda Divers y Mas offers water sports such as sea kayaking and parasailing  011-52/624 -143 -2765 , scubadivecabo.com  . Detour An hour 's drive north of Los Cabos , eclectic shops and galleries have opened in artist-friendly Todos Santos , including the bookstore El Tecolote Libros  011-52/612 -145 -0295  and Galería de Todos Santos  011-52/612 -145 -0500 , galeriadetodossantos.com  . BudgetTravel.com : Los Cabos photos CANCÚN Cancún may never shake its reputation as a rowdy college-party destination , but outside of spring-break season , the city is a surprisingly subdued place . The peninsula is where most of the major resorts are located , so if you 're looking for character , it 's best to head downtown on the mainland . Stay The boutique hotel Sol y Luna has 11 brightly painted rooms , mosaic-trimmed baths , and balconies overlooking Parque de las Palapas  011-52/998 -887 -5579 , solylunahotel.com , from $ 48  . Eat The park is a popular gathering spot for musicians in the evenings ; it 's also where you 'll find one of the city 's best restaurants , Labná , which serves Yucatecan dishes such as pibil , achiote-flavored pork wrapped in a banana leaf  011-52/998 -892 -3056 , labna.com , pibil $ 9  . Drink The aptly named Bling Resto Bar , on the resort peninsula , is just what it sounds like ; lounge on the patio with a grape mojito and watch the sun go down over the lagoon  011-52/998 -840 -6014 , blingcancun.com , drinks from $ 5  . Detour Xcaret , a sprawling ecological and adventure theme park about 45 minutes south of Cancún , is an ideal spot for families . Activities here range from swimming through caves in an underground river to walking through a butterfly pavilion and watching monkeys , manatees , pumas , and jaguars in their natural environments  011-52/998 -883 -0470 , www.xcaret.com , from $ 69  . BudgetTravel.com : Cancun photos COZUMEL Surrounded by vibrantly colored coral reefs , the island of Cozumel , 11 miles off the Yucatán coast , has been attracting divers since Jacques Cousteau popularized it in the 1960s . The most central place to be situated for day trips around the island is the town of San Miguel , which has a number of reasonably priced guesthouses . Stay Las Anclas gets high marks not only for its seven bi-level suites and beautiful garden , but also for owners Pedro and Eyal , who are eager to offer up restaurant recommendations  011-52/987 -872 -5476 , lasanclas.com , from $ 95  . Eat A local favorite is La Candela , which serves hearty dishes like chicken stuffed with ham and cheese , and jamaica , a cold tea made from hibiscus flowers  011-52/987 -878 -4471 , chicken $ 8  . Do The tour operator Deep Blue arranges dive trips to some of the hardest-to-reach reefs around the island  011-52/987 -872 -5653 , deepbluecozumel.com , from $ 68  . Or , you can take a boat ride through the mangroves in the Faro Celarain Eco Park for an adventure of a different sort : crocodile spotting  011-52/987 -872 -1680 , cozumelparks.com , $ 11  . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	The island of Cozumel , 11 miles off the Yucatán coast , is a diving hot spot Puerto Vallarta has attracted painters , sculptors and other artisans in recent years Los Cabos , on the tip of Baja California , has one of Mexico 's most dramatic settings
WASECA , Minnesota  CNN  -- When you think of protection from the H1N1 flu virus , you may not think the hog population is what needs protecting . But that 's precisely the concern among pork producers and those who use swine in research studies . Professor Samuel Baidoo wears specially issued gear as he checks on the hogs at the research facility . Forget any worries you may have had about catching the often-called "  swine flu " from a pig . University of Minnesota Professor Samuel Baidoo , a swine nutrition and management expert at one of the school 's swine research facilities , says it 's actually the other way around . "  If we are sick and we come in here , we can easily transfer -LSB- diseases -RSB- , especially flu , to these pigs , " Baidoo says . Baidoo took CNN on a tour of the university 's research facility to demonstrate the precautions in place year-round to make sure its pig population remains safe . For starters , anyone who wants to visit the facility has to shower and put on specially issued overalls and boots and that rule applies to reporters and even the hog farmers themselves . "  They will shower to go and see their own pigs , " Baidoo says . This university 's swine research barn is typical of most large-production hog facilities , Baidoo says , stressing that it 's so secure "  flies can not even come in here . " "  Flu can be transferred by flies , by birds . There 's no way a bird can get into this building . So these pigs are very , very safe , " he explains . "  We are more a risk to them than they to us . " So let 's say a pig does happen to come down with a disease , specifically with H1N1 . Then what happens ? Baidoo says the first sign that something is wrong is usually lack of appetite . "  They go off feed , so we know there 's something not right . " If it does turn out to be a flu virus , Baidoo says , the treatment is very similar to what humans undergo . "  We put them on medication and within three days it 's over . Just like when we get -LSB- the -RSB- flu -- we go to the doctor and then they prescribe medication and we get well . " Baidoo points out that since H1N1 is a respiratory illness , the actual carcass of the pig -- the pork we eat -- is still harmless . Still , Baidoo says he understands the initial knee-jerk reaction . After all , "  swine flu " was what everyone called it at first -- before health organizations began referring to it as H1N1 . "  I also see the concern of consumers . When there is this situation everybody tends to connect the two . But there is no connection at all between the flu and pork , " he says . "  There 's no fear in eating pork based on the scare of the flu pandemic . " The disease most people in the United States and worldwide have been calling swine flu is actually a combination of human and animal strains . It has not been shown to be transmissible through eating pork . In an already suffering market , the negative news is something the U.S. pork industry says could have been prevented . "  This flu is being called something that it is n't , and it 's hurting our entire industry , " Dave Warner , communications director for the National Pork Producers Council , said last week . "  It is not a ` swine ' flu , and people need to stop calling it that ... they 're ruining people 's lives . "	Researchers say hog population needs protection from human diseases Fear over so-called "  swine flu " has hit pork industry hard -- and unfairly , many say Minnesota facility says humans must wear special suits to keep hogs disease-free "  No connection at all between the flu and pork , " researcher says
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- The Mumbai High Court rejected the appeal Monday of the only surviving gunman from the 2008 three-day terror attack on the Indian financial capital . A trial court handed down a death sentence last year for Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , a Pakistani , on charges of murder , conspiracy and waging war on India . The city 's High Court upheld his conviction and sentence , lawyer Ejaz Naqvi told reporters . The court , however , dismissed the prosecution 's appeal against the acquittal of two Indian nationals that police had accused of conspiracy in connection with the November 2008 strikes on Mumbai , said Naqvi , who represented one of them . The high court upheld the acquittal Fahim Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed for a lack of "  corroborative " evidence , said public prosecutor Ujjwal Nika . He said authorities would petition the Supreme Court next . It was not immediately clear if Kasab too planned to file a fresh appeal to the country 's highest court in New Delhi . Convicts on death-row in India reserve the right to challenge the sentencing in the nation 's Supreme Court . They can also file a mercy petition with the country 's president if the Supreme Court also turns down their plea . Kasab 's lawyer , Farhana Shah , told reporters that her client would be briefed about options available to him . It will then be up to Kasab to make a decision about an appeal , she said . He would have 30 days to file his appeal , Shah said . During the raids , 10 men attacked buildings including the luxury Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels , the city 's Victoria Terminus train station , and the Jewish cultural center , Chabad House . More than 160 people died in the three-day coordinated attack . Kasab was photographed holding an assault weapon during the attacks . Indian forces killed nine suspects in the attack . Their bodies were embalmed and kept in a hospital morgue as some local Muslim groups refused them a burial in their graveyards , saying the attackers were not true followers of Islam . An Indian official in Maharashtra state , where Mumbai is located , said a burial took place in January last year . He did not give the date or the exact location of what he described as a secret funeral . India blamed the attacks on the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda . Authorities said Kasab was trained by the organization , which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after an attack on India 's parliament . The group denied responsibility . The Mumbai attack derailed a fragile peace process between nuclear-armed India and Pakistan for about 15 months . This year , the two nuclear-capable nations announced resumption of their fully-fledged dialogue after a series of high-level meetings over the past one year .	Kasab was sentenced to death last year on murder and other charges He has 30 days to appeal the High Court 's ruling to the Supreme Court He is the only man convicted in the November 2008 attacks More than 160 people were killed during the three-day siege
CNN  -- The heat began to fade Wednesday afternoon across the Northeast after posting near triple-digit marks from Maryland to Vermont , with another brutal day in store on Thursday . The hot , humid air that 's bear-hugged the region drove temperatures up to 96 in New York and Philadelphia , 92 in Boston and 94 as far north as Burlington , Vermont . That mass -- which even the normally staid National Weather Service described as "  oppressive " in one advisory -- is expected to hang over the region through Friday . The combination of heat and humidity is expected to drive the heat index , a measurement of how hot it feels to your body , into the triple digits again Thursday . It 's also bumped ground-level ozone levels into the danger zone for children , the elderly and people with heart and lung ailments across the Northeast Corridor . Air quality warnings were posted as far south as Washington , where the odor of sweating masses of tourists added a certain ambiance to the national monuments at the height of the vacation season . "  It 's pretty hot back home , but I did n't expect it to be this hot out here , " Michael Bell , a visitor from Australia , told CNN . "  I 'm about to die . " Not that Washingtonians need another reason to complain about tourists , one resident joked . Complaints flooded social media about subway cars with broken air-conditioning units . After a long day in the office , commuters were treated to an unexpected sweat lodge session on the way home . "  The sweat is just all over you all the time , " Sam Weigman said . "  I feel like a piece of baked chicken in this heat . " Making things worse , a failing water main in suburban Prince George 's County , Maryland , led authorities to warn that water might be cut off for some residents as a result . But sanitation officials reported Wednesday afternoon that while some restrictions on water use were being imposed , no one would be without service . "  If we continue to conserve , I am confident the system will remain full while we complete repairs , " Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission chief Jerry Johnson said in a written statement . Beating the heat Relief is n't likely before the weekend , when a strong cold front will move through the Great Lakes on Friday and into the Northeast on Saturday . The downside is that also could bring severe thunderstorms capable of producing widespread wind damage . The saunalike conditions are driving people to desperate measures . The most obvious : Cranking up the air conditioning . So many New Yorkers are doing that , they 're close to setting a record for electricity usage , utility officials said . Electricity provider Con Edison 's record is 13,189 megawatts , set on July 22 , 2011 . Current consumption is apparently challenging the grid . Con Edison faced a bump in outages and has sent crews hustling to restore power to more than 7,600 customers since the heat rose Sunday . If parking in front of the air conditioner is n't cutting it , try to fly away . JetBlue is offering "  hot seats " promotions whenever the temperature in New York breaks 90 degrees . They went like hotcakes Tuesday . Sorry , "  Sold out today , " read a banner plastered over JetBlue 's website . But the special runs through Saturday . So there 's hope yet . Dangerous heat The National Weather Service defines a heat wave as two or more days of "  abnormally and uncomfortably hot and unusually humid weather . " And levity aside , it can have deadly consequences . Anyone who lived in New York in 1972 will tell you that . A two-week wave killed 891 people then . On Wednesday , 33 of the more than 4,000 fire calls in New York were for heat-related issues , Fire Department spokeswoman Elisheva Zakheim said . The city has recorded one heat-related death so far this year , on July 8 , the New York medical examiner 's office said . Fortunately , this wave has n't claimed any lives . But the New York Fire Department did respond to 37 heat-related incidents Monday and 25 more as of late Tuesday . The Red Cross and the New York mayor 's office are warning people to stay in cool spaces and drink plenty of water . The city has opened cooling centers for those who do n't have access to air conditioning . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Leslie Bentz , Sunlen Miller and Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Highs hit 96 in New York and Philadelphia , 94 in Burlington , 92 in Boston Air-quality warnings posted as far south as Washington "  I feel like a piece of baked chicken in this heat , " one man says New York is close to setting a new record for electricity usage
New York  CNN  -- A famously macabre painting by Andy Warhol sold for $ 105.4 million Wednesday , a record for the famed pop artist and the second-most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , according to Sotheby 's auction house . "  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " shows a twisted body in the wreckage of a car crash , part of Warhol 's vaunted "  Death and Disaster " series , painted in 1963 . Arts magazine ARTNews published an interview with Warhol in November 1963 , in which the artist said of the series , "  I guess it was the big plane crash picture , the front page of a newspaper : 129 DIE . I was also painting the Marilyns . I realized that everything I was doing must have been Death . " The large painting , which measures 8 feet by 13 feet , is one of only four works of that size in the series and the only one remaining in a private collection , according to Sotheby 's . It had been in a private collection since 1989 and has rarely been viewed in public . Sotheby 's declined to identify the buyer . " ` Silver Car Crash ' is the most important work of contemporary art we have ever had the privilege to offer , and its exceptional result is a testament to that fact , " said Tobias Meyer , worldwide head of contemporary art at Sotheby 's and the evening 's auctioneer . Another well-known painting from the 1960s also sold for over $ 100 million this week . On Tuesday , Francis Bacon 's "  Three Studies of Lucian Freud " sold for $ 142.4 million after six minutes of bidding in the room and on the phone at Christie 's in New York , the most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , according to auction house spokeswoman Elizabeth Van Bergen . Another iconic Warhol image , "  Coca-Cola  3  , " sold for $ 57.2 million Tuesday at Christie 's . "  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " was one of several Warhol pieces in the Sotheby 's auction Wednesday . "  Liz # 1  Early Colored Liz  " drew $ 20.3 million and "  Flowers  Five Foot Flowers  " sold for $ 11.3 million , according to the auction house . Andy Warhol pops up in China ... again CNN 's Sho Wills and Allie Malloy contributed to this report .	"  Silver Car Crash  Double Disaster  " shows twisted body , wreckage of car crash Price is a record for a Warhol work ; Sotheby 's auction house declines to name the buyer It 's the second-most expensive piece of art ever auctioned , Sotheby 's says Auction house calls it "  the most important work of contemporary art " it 's ever sold
CNN  -- A Red Sox star used blue language , but he wo n't be fined any green for his emotional reaction the day after police captured marathon bombing suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev . To the contrary , longtime Boston icon David "  Big Papi " Ortiz 's use of profanity has been Federal Communications Commission-approved . In a ceremony before the Red Sox took on the Kansas City Royals at a packed Fenway Park on Saturday , Ortiz threw out the F-word while delivering an inspirational message over the baseball stadium 's loudspeakers . "  This jersey , that we wear today , it does n't say ` Red Sox . ' It says ` Boston , ' " Ortiz said , standing on the infield as the crowd cheered officers who were on the field . "  We want to thank you Mayor Menino , Governor Patrick , the whole police department , for the great job that they did this past week . This is our f *** ing city . And nobody 's going to dictate our freedom . Stay strong , " he said . While the FCC has pursued others for broadcast profanity -- most notably , FOX Television Stations for expletives dropped during live awards shows in 2002 and 2003 -- FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski gave Ortiz a free pass Saturday . He tweeted : "  David Ortiz spoke from the heart at today 's Red Sox game . I stand with Big Papi and the people of Boston - Julius . " The Red Sox had canceled Friday night 's game with the Royals , as the massive manhunt for Tsarnaev shut down much of the Boston metropolitan area . Legendary sportscaster Al Michaels arrested , charged with DUI	Boston Red Sox star David Ortiz used the F-word in a broadcast pregame speech Saturday He thanked officials and police for their success in the Boston Marathon bombings investigation The Federal Communications Commission chairman says he stands with Ortiz , Bostonians The FCC has , in the past , cracked down on broadcasters of expletives
CNN  -- Agnieszka Radwanska is already the most successful Polish female tennis player , but her achievements will reach a new level when the world rankings are released on Monday . The 22-year-old will climb to a career-high No. 5 after winning the Dubai Tennis Championships on Saturday , when she beat Germany 's rising star Julia Gorges 7-5 6-4 in the final . Radwanska , the first Polish woman to pass $ 1 million in prize money , claimed the eighth title of her career and her first this year . She extended her record to 15-3 this season , with her only defeats coming against world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in the last eight at the Australian Open and the semifinals in Sydney and Doha . Gorges , making her Dubai debut , had reached her fourth career final after knocking out Caroline Wozniacki -- Melbourne champion Azarenka 's predecessor at the top -- in Friday 's semis . Victory on Saturday would have seen the 23-year-old climb to a career-high 15th in the rankings , up from 19 , but -- just like in the fourth round of January 's opening grand slam Down Under -- she had no answer to Radwanska 's game . Meanwhile , former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro reached his second successive final after beating top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the Marseille Open on Saturday . The fourth-seeded Argentine , who has climbed back up the rankings to 10th after long-term wrist problems , won 6-4 6-7  9-11  6-3 against the French world No. 6 -- who won this tournament in 2009 . Both players had reached the career milestone of 200 match wins on Friday . Del Potro , who lost to world No. 3 Roger Federer in the Rotterdam final last weekend , will face 2010 champion Michael Llodra in Sunday 's final . The Frenchman went through after beating Serbian third seed Janko Tipsarevic 6-4 7-6  12-10  in the second semi . Jurgen Melzer reached the final of the Memphis hard-court event on Saturday , beating Czech third seed Radek Stepanek 6-4 3-6 6-3 . The Austrian followed up Friday 's win over American top seed John Isner , while Stepanek ended the hopes of 2010 winner Sam Querrey of the U.S. in their quarterfinal Melzer will face last year 's runner-up Milos Raonic on Sunday after the in-form Canadian defeated Germany 's Benjamin Becker in straight sets . The 21-year-old , seeking a third ATP title of the year , took just 75 minutes to ease through 6-4 6-4 . Fourth seed Raonic fired an impressive 14 aces on his way to a ninth straight victory and remains on course to add to his tournament victories in Chennai and San Jose .	Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska will move up one place in world rankings after Dubai win She will move into the top five for the first time in her career having claimed eighth title Juan Martin del Potro and Michael Llodra to contest the final of the Marseille Open Jurgen Melzer will face in-form Canadian Milos Raonic in the final of the Memphis event
Along The Libya-Tunisia Border  CNN  -- A green flag fluttering in the wind designated Libyan territory . A short distance away , a red flag flew for Tunisia . In between , a mass of humanity waited in no man 's land , desperate to flee escalating rebellion in one nation and cross into another that has already succeeded in toppling a dictator . Periodically , a ripple flowed through the crowd of thousands of refugees as men took turns passing forward dazed and unconscious travelers , overwhelmed by a treacherous journey to the border and exposure to the elements . Tunisian emergency workers rushed with fluorescent orange stretchers to evacuate the sick . Chaos reigned along Libya 's western border Tuesday as Tunisian police attempted to hold back a tide of people , mostly foreign workers caught in the storm of change blowing through the region . There were simply too many people crossing too fast , overwhelming Tunisian authorities , aid agencies and volunteers trying to get a handle on what the United Nations called a humanitarian catastrophe in the making . The U.N. refugee agency reported that nearly 150,000 people have crossed over from Libya into Tunisia and Egypt . A majority are Egyptians -- more than 1 million Egyptian citizens were working in neighboring Libya . But the fleeing foreigners also include citizens of Bangladesh , Thailand , Vietnam , Ghana , Sudan , Mali and other countries who traveled far from home in search of economic salvation . Now , many of them said they had everything stolen from them on the road to the border and are left with nothing but the clothes on their back . "  No money ! Gadhafi 's militia took my money , " said Mohammad Ataye , an Egyptian who spent the last year working as a hairdresser in Libya . He was referring to troops still loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Ataye said he tried to catch a flight out of Tripoli 's airport to Egypt , but was forced back by thousands of people waiting there . When he and a friend decided to make a run for the Tunisian border , Libyan soldiers robbed him of his savings and his two mobile phones on the way . Now what for the Egyptian refugee ? "  I do n't know . I do n't know , " he said . Some of those fleeing Libya do not possess passports and other travel documents , which are often confiscated by the companies that employ them until their contracts are fulfilled , said Mathieu Luciano of the International Organization for Migration . Luciano , deployed to the Egyptian border town of Sallum to help shuttle people out , said his agency was working with the embassies of nations involved as well as the companies that hired the migrant workers to return them home safely . The agency is paying for a charter flight from Bangladesh that is scheduled to arrive later Tuesday . The Egyptian government has reported 69,000 people crossing into that nation . One of them is Mohamed Sohel . Sohel , who had been working for a Korean construction company in the eastern Libyan city of Durna for three years , was anxious to board a plane back home to Bangladesh . He said he has been surviving by sharing one piece of flatbread with two other men since arriving at the Egyptian border town of Sallum six days ago . His passport was locked up at the company 's Libyan headquarters in the western town of Misrata . "  We called the Bangladeshi embassy a thousand times , " Sohel said . "  We never got any advice , or help . " It 's easier for Egyptian workers to make it back home , Luciano said , but nonetheless , they face a difficult situation . They were the breadwinners , supporting families in rural Egypt . They are returning with no livelihood in a time of uncertainty in their own homeland . Some said they were frustrated with their interim military government for not doing more to help them . "  As we know , Egypt is also under a lot of stress now politically , " said Hovig Etyemezian , a field officer with the U.N. refugee agency . "  So any country that is able to provide air lift or sea movement should pick up the ball so that more people leave , more Egyptians are able to go back to their country . " On Libya 's border with Tunisia , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees staff erected 500 tents . All of them are full . The global body appealed to member nations to help evacuate the stranded . "  The biggest priority is to take people out of the country , " Etyemezian said . "  Now the -LSB- border -RSB- crossing is anywhere between 10 to 13,000 people a day . And the outgoing is 3 to 4,000 . So we need to have a bigger capacity of people leaving the country . " Police and soldiers watched , as young Tunisian volunteers used sticks to beat back people trying to jump over a wall next to the border gate into Tunisia . Volunteers threw bread and bottles of water into the no man 's land between the red and green flags . Thousands of people have been waiting there for as many as three days , enduring bitter cold without shelter . Staff members with the U.N. refugee agency described the water and sanitation situation as precarious . Tunisian authorities told the agency that about 75,000 people have streamed into Tunisia . Up to 15,000 more people are expected to arrive Tuesday and the agency said it was "  becoming critically important that onwards transport becomes quickly available to avoid a humanitarian crisis . " The refugee agency said it was particularly concerned about a large number of sub-Saharan Africans who are being denied entry into Tunisia . They may be targets for retribution after reports that embattled Gadhafi recruited mercenaries from those nations to suppress the uprising in his country . CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from the Libya-Tunisia border and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	Many of those fleeing are foreign workers in Libya A majority are Egyptians but there are also citizens of other nations Many do not have the means to return home The U.N. refugee agency fears problems with water , sanitation and shelter
CNN  -- Humanity 's curiosity about Mars has led to an exciting event : the dramatic landing of an SUV-sized rover , set for 1:31 a.m. ET Monday . NASA 's $ 2.6 billion rover , Curiosity , will make its dramatic entrance into Martian territory in a spectacle popularly known as the "  seven minutes of terror . " This jaw-dropping landing process , involving a sky crane and the world 's largest supersonic parachute , allows the spacecraft carrying Curiosity to target the landing area that scientists have meticulously chosen . The spacecraft is "  healthy and right on course , " according to the latest update from NASA . Curiosity has been traveling away from Earth since November 26 . The vehicle , which will be controlled from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , has a full suite of sophisticated tools for exploring Mars . They include 17 cameras , a laser that can survey the composition of rocks from a distance and instruments that can analyze samples from soil or rocks . Meet a rover driver : His car is on Mars If all goes according to plan , Curiosity 's first stop will be Gale Crater , which may have once contained a lake . After at least a year , the rover will arrive at Mount Sharp , in the center of the crater . The rover will drive up the mountain examining layers of sediment . This process is like looking at a historical record because each layer represents an era of the planet 's history , scientists say . The phenomenon of sedimentary layers is remarkably similar to what is seen on Earth , in California 's Death Valley or in Montana 's Glacier National Park , says John Grotzinger , chief scientist of the Mars Science Laboratory mission . Rocks and minerals found on Earth are different than on Mars , but the idea of a mountain made of layers is familiar to scientists . Unlike on Earth , however , Mars has no plate tectonics , so the Martian layers are flat and not disrupted as they would be on Earth . That also means that Mount Sharp was formed in a different way than how mountains are created on Earth -- no one knows how . Images : Exploring Mars In these layers , scientists are looking for organic molecules , which are necessary to create life . But even if Curiosity finds them , that 's not proof that life existed -- after all , these molecules are found in bus exhaust and meteorites , too , says Steve Squyres , part of the Mars Science Laboratory science team . If there are n't any organics , that may suggest there 's something on the planet destroying these molecules , says James Wray , assistant professor of Earth and atmospheric sciences at the Georgia Institute of Technology and collaborator on the Curiosity science team . But if Curiosity detects them , Wray said , that might help scientists move from asking , "  Was Mars ever habitable ? " to "  Did Mars actually host life ? " "  A successful landing will grant a huge breath of relief to the entire Mars science community tonight , " Wray said in an e-mail . "  And it will certainly keep NASA at the forefront of Mars exploration for at least the next few years . " Liquid water is not something scientists expect to be apparent on Mars because the planet is so cold and dry , Squyres said . If the planet does harbor liquid water today , it would have to be deep below the surface , perhaps peeking out in a few special places , but not likely to be seen by Curiosity , Squyres said . Rover to search for clues to life on Mars It 's hard to know how long ago liquid water would have been there because there 's no mechanism to date the rocks that rovers find on Mars , Squyres said . Evidence from the spacecraft NASA has sent to Mars so far suggests that the "  warm and wet " period on Mars lasted for the first billion years of the planet 's history . "  In order to create life , you need both the right environmental conditions -- which includes liquid water -- and you need the building blocks from which life is built , which includes organics , " Squyres said . The Mars Science Laboratory is a precursor mission to sharper technology that could do life detection , Grotzinger said . There are n't specific molecules that scientists are looking for with Curiosity . The attitude is : "  Let 's go to an interesting place with good tools and find out what 's there , " Squyres said . NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory was swarming with media this past week as scientists and journalists prepared for signs of the rover 's landing . Squyres and a colleague told each other Thursday they were both feeling "  full of hope and optimism . " The Jet Propulsion Laboratory 's confirmed list of "  VIP " guests included celebrities Alex Trebek , Chuck Lorre , Wil Wheaton , Nichelle Nichols , Bill Prady and June Lockhart . But the excitement spread far beyond NASA locations : Parties in honor of the Mars rover landing were scheduled around the world . About 300 people passed through the Atlanta Science Tavern landing party at Georgia Institute of Technology , organizer Marc Merlin said . The event included several presentations about planetary science , during which several attendees had to sit on the floor or stand in order to fit in the lecture room . The event switched to "  party " mode around midnight , giving way to loud chatter about space exploration among science enthusiasts and researchers . Wray delivered a presentation about the history of Mars exploration . Before Curiosity , humans have landed spacecraft on the equivalent of parking lots -- relatively safe , flat places on Mars , he said . By comparison , "  tonight we 're landing in the Grand Canyon , " he said . Interest was so great in the event that Merlin stopped promoting it a few days before . The possibility of life elsewhere reaches beyond people interested in science , he said , and Curiosity points towards a potential revolution . "  That 's why people are here tonight : They want to be part of history , " Merlin said . What do you think about the Mars mission ? Go to iReport Although a lot of science went into this landing process , superstition on landing night ca n't hurt . It 's traditional to open up cans of peanuts and pass them around to the team at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory responsible for overseeing the landing of the rover , said David Oh , lead flight director for the mission , earlier this week . "  It 's always been a lucky charm for us , and missions have always seemed to work out better when we had the peanuts there , " Oh said . "  For landing this , I 'll take all the great engineering we have , and all the luck you can give us , too . " Sunday also happens to be the 82nd birthday of former NASA astronaut Neil Armstrong . It 's hoped the birthday will be auspicious for the landing , NASA 's John Grunsfeld said in a news conference . Curiosity is supposed to last for two years on Mars , but it may operate longer -- after all , Spirit and Opportunity , which arrived on Mars in 2004 , were each only supposed to last 90 Martian days . Spirit stopped communicating with NASA in 2010 after getting stuck in sand , and Opportunity is still going . "  You take what Mars gives you , " said Squyres , also the lead scientist on the Mars Exploration Rover Mission , which includes Spirit and Opportunity . "  If we knew what we were going to find , it would n't be this much fun . "	The dramatic landing of the SUV-sized rover is set for 1:31 a.m. ET Monday This landing process involves a sky crane and the world 's largest supersonic parachute Curiosity 's first stop slated to be Gale Crater , which may have once contained a lake The vehicle will be controlled from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory
CNN  -- It may not be an "  Age of Extinction , " but Hollywood is far from happy with the summer box office . Where are all the blockbusters ? Summer is supposed to be Tinseltown 's version of the Christmas shopping season , but "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " was the first movie of the year to record a $ 100 million three-day opening weekend , and overall , the box office is down nearly 20 % compared with last year . CNN 's complete summer entertainment guide That comparison is one reason studio executives are reaching for the antacids . Paul Dergarabedian , senior media analyst at Rentrak , cautions that 2013 is a hard act to follow . "  When you have a film kicking off the summer of 2013 like ` Iron Man 3 ' with $ 174.1 million , and this year we kick off the summer with ` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 ' with $ 91.6 million , that 's a pretty big discrepancy , " Dergarabedian noted . "  Iron Man 3 " wound up grossing $ 409 million at the domestic box office last year , with "  Despicable Me 2 " adding $ 368 million . In all , seven films topped the $ 200 million mark last summer . This summer has seen just three : "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " "  Maleficent " and "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . " Of course , some things are beyond Hollywood 's control , like the calendar . "  Having the Fourth of July actually land on a Friday did n't help things : When you have people outside watching fireworks on the second-biggest moviegoing day of the week , that 's not good for business , " Dergarabedian said . The holiday weekend also featured the latest example of a disturbing trend : the second-weekend slump . Historically , most films do n't drop much more than 50 % in their sophomore frames , but "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " fell more than 60 % . So did "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " and "  Godzilla . " That 's led to a revolving door of No. 1 movies : "  Transformers " is the first film of the year to spend more than one weekend as box office champ since "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " in April . 2013 did have a few high-profile , big-budget flops , observes Dergarabedian . Hollywood has n't suffered through an "  After Earth " or a "  Lone Ranger " this year . But plenty of 2014 films have failed to meet expectations , such as the well-reviewed Tom Cruise action flick "  Edge of Tomorrow . " "  It 's over $ 300 million worldwide , so Tom Cruise is still a movie star worldwide , but in North America , even Tom Cruise could n't get a number one debut , " as "  Edge " fell to the teen weeper "  The Fault in Our Stars , " Dergarabedian recalled . "  How To Train Your Dragon 2 " has also failed to soar as high as expected , despite not much competition for family audiences . Indeed , Dergarabedian says that lack of competition may have reduced the demand for "  Dragon . " "  Moviegoing begets more moviegoing , right ? So if you have more product out there , it gets people enthused , it gets families enthused about going out to the movie theater , and when you do n't have a lot of family films there , it kind of slows that momentum down , " he explained . And there 's not much relief on the horizon : "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " figures to take over the top spot from "  Transformers " this weekend , and Dergarabedian sees "  The Purge : Anarchy " and "  Guardians of the Galaxy " as other summer bright spots , but none of them figures to help Hollywood dig out of this hole . In fact , the summer movies that have everyone talking are next summer 's expected hits : The "  Fantastic Four " reboot , "  Batman v. Superman , " "  Fast & Furious 7 " and "  Jurassic World , " with "  Star Wars : Episode VII " following in December , have studio execs wishing the calendar read 2015 already . But Dergarabedian has n't given up on this summer just yet . "  If you put a big movie into the marketplace , market it well , get that buzz going , you can have big box office , " he said . "  This could all turn around almost overnight . All we need is two or three movies to perform well beyond expectations , and it could turn this around . " Your move , Hollywood . Madison Conklin , special to CNN , contributed to this report .	Summer is usually a time of blockbuster successes , but summer 2014 has seen a shift Box office figures are down nearly 20 % from 2013 "  Transformers " is first movie to have repeat No. 1 weekends since "  Captain America " in April Only three movies have broken $ 200 million , compared with seven last year
CNN  A nervy Real Madrid returned to winning ways Saturday with a 2-0 victory over mid-table Deportivo la Coruna at the Santiago Bernabeu . Goals from Spanish international midfielder Isco and French striker Karim Benzema either side of half-time were enough to secure the three points , although Depor will feel aggrieved not to have taken anything from the game . The Gallicians put their more illustrious hosts under pressure for long spells and were unfortunate not to level matters at the beginning of the second period when midfielder Celso Borges cracked a post . Real goalkeeper Ilker Casillas then made a flying save from Oriol Riera moments later . After a 4-0 derby thrashing at the hands of city rivals Atletico Madrid last weekend , Real manager Carlo Ancelotti will be content to return to winning ways . However , the Italian will also be concerned at the often scrappy nature of his side 's play and the relatively timid performance of star-man Cristiano Ronaldo who failed to score for his third La Liga game running -- the first time he has done so since 2013 . Ronaldo came in for criticism from some Real supporters earlier in the week after holding his 30th birthday party in the wake of last Saturday 's derby humiliation . The World player of the year did set up Benzema for Real 's second and struck the bar in the first half , but he was quiet for long periods and missed from two-yards out when presented with a golden opportunity shortly before Isco opened the scoring . Speaking after the game , Ancelotti said "  It was a difficult week and we have come out of it with a victory which is good , " in quotes carried by the AFP news agency "  The team was a bit worried at the start , but in the end it went well . The fans have helped us and they understood the moment the team is going through to help us come out of this quickly . " Real and Ronaldo will be hoping for a more convincing performance when they face Schalke in the last 16 of the Champions League on Wednesday . Saturday 's result moves Los Blancos four points clear atop the La Liga table although this will be cut back to one point if second placed Barcelona beats Levante at the Nou Camp Sunday . Round five of the FA Cup meant there was no Premier League action this weekend . There was , however , two all top-flight cup ties Saturday . West Brom comfortably overcame West Ham 4-0 , thanks to a brace from the in-form Brown Ideye and further strikes from James Morrison and Saido Berahino , while Liverpool came from behind to defeat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park . In Saturday 's other cup fixtures , Premier League Stoke City was thrashed 4-1 by second-tier Blackburn . Meanwhile , Nigeria striker Yakubu scored the winning goal as Reading defeated Derby County in an all Championship affair . An injury hit Paris Saint Germain missed the chance to go top of Ligue 1 after drawing 2-2 at home to Caen . The reigning French champions had forged ahead thanks to goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Ezequiel Lavezzi but came undone when injuries forced Serge Aurier and Lucas off the park . Manager Laurent Blanc had used all three substitutions meaning PSG were forced to play the last 10 minutes with nine men . Although they held on for the majority of that time the Parisians conceded goals in the 89th and then 92nd minute to Emiliano Sala and Hervé Bazile respectively to ensure the spoils were shared . The result leaves PSG in third place behind Marseille , which drew with Stade Reims on Friday , and table-topping Lyon which heads to FC Lorient Sunday .	Real Madrid return to winning ways against Deportivo la Coruna Isco and Benzema score in 2-0 victory Ronaldo fails to score for third La Liga game in a row
Indiana and Montana have joined the growing list of states with confirmed cases of Enterovirus D68 , health officials say . Four children in Lake County were sickened by Enterovirus D68 and were treated at University of Chicago Hospital , according to a press release from the Indiana Department of Health ; all four have since been discharged from the hospital . Lake County is in the northwest corner of the state . Montana has one confirmed case of Enterovirus D68 , says Jon Ebelt , a spokesman for the state 's public health department . "  A specimen sent to the CDC from a child under the age of 10 has tested positive for the particular strain of enterovirus , " he told CNN . Enteroviruses are very common , especially in the fall and winter months . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates 10 to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year . But this type of enterovirus -- Enterovirus D68 -- appears to be exacerbating breathing problems in children with asthma . These viruses usually present like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But if your child appears to be having trouble breathing , take him or her to a doctor right away . As of September 11 , the CDC had confirmed more than 80 cases of Enterovirus D68 in six states : Colorado , Iowa , Illinois , Kansas , Kentucky and Missouri . New York also announced on Friday that it had more than a dozen confirmed cases of the virus . The Indiana State Department of Health is keeping an eye out for additional cases of enterovirus . Hospitals are sending samples from patients with severe respiratory illnesses to a state laboratory for testing . Last week , media reports of kids flooding emergency rooms in Alabama and Washington state spoke to the spread of the virus . Other states , including Michigan , Georgia , Ohio , Oklahoma , and Utah , are also investigating clusters of respiratory illnesses . Several have sent samples to the CDC for testing . The virus is hard to track , as many enteroviruses cause similar symptoms , and hospitals generally do not test for specific types . But the CDC has asked hospitals around the country to send in samples if they suspect Enterovirus D68 has caused a patient 's severe respiratory illness . What parents should know	Montana has one confirmed case of Enterovirus D68 Four children in Lake County , Indiana , were sickened by Enterovirus D68 Enterovirus D68 worsens breathing problems for children with asthma
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The term of service for the president should be extended from its current four years -- renewable once -- to a single term of "  a little more than four years , " Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan said Tuesday in a statement . He said he will send a bill to National Assembly to pass the changes to the constitution that would set the parameters he is seeking . It will be his first bill since he took the reins of power in April . Jonathan insisted he would not benefit from the change , since it would not go into effect until the next election , in 2015 . But it was not clear that he was being sincere . Several presidential sources told CNN that Jonathan is pushing for a six - or seven-year term . And , though he implied this year during a speech in East Africa that he would not run again in 2015 , Jonathan has never made such a statement publicly in Nigeria . The last elections , in April , were among the most violent in the country 's history and influential elements  particularly from the predominantly Muslim north of the country who feel it is their turn to have the presidency  staunchly oppose his extending his hold on power . April 's elections pitted residents of the country 's north against those of the  predominantly Christian  south , where Jonathan is from . Since then , violence in the north has escalated -- much of it attributed to the Islamic militant group Boko Haram and almost daily attacks in the northeastern city of Maiduguri . Such violence could escalate still further , as could attacks in the capital city of Abuja , where many residents resent what they consider to have been Jonathan 's hijacking of the election from the north . Though Jonathan took power in May , his hold on it remains tenuous : He has yet to form a complete cabinet ; has failed to push through passage of a major petroleum bill ; and has failed to quell violence in the north . Public expectation is for him to encourage economic growth and investment , as well as private reforms in the power sector -- the two main issues of his campaign platform . It would be difficult to focus on these two major areas if the start of his presidency is focused on such a controversial bill . The length of the presidential term has been a hot-button issue for years . Jonathan 's predecessor , Olusegun Obasanjo , attempted to run for a third term before his constitutionally approved two-term limit expired in 2007 . That bid failed in the face of opposition from the north . Jonathan 's bill could be seen as a "  rebranding " of Obasanjo 's attempt to push third-term bill . In his envisaged bill , the tenure of members of the National and State assemblies would also be extended to a little more than four years , though lawmakers would be eligible for re-election . Jonathan said his commitment to a single term for the president and governors was a reflection of his belief that a longer term would help stabilize society and strengthen democracy . It would minimize the acrimony and unrest that quadrennial elections generate at the federal and state levels , he said , adding that it would also save the government the expense of conducting party primaries and general elections every four years . "  The proposed amendment bill is necessary to consolidate our democracy and allow elected executives to concentrate on governance and service delivery for their full term , instead of running governments with re-election as their primary focus , " he said . Jonathan noted that "  certain reports in a section of the media " had interpreted his move as an attempt to lengthen his hold on power . But , he added , "  Nothing can be more untrue . The energy that has been devoted to speculations on the content of the likely bill is akin to an attempt to force the abortion of a nonexistent pregnancy . The details of the bill will be clear in terms of its provisions when it is forwarded to the National Assembly for consideration . "	Jonathan wants to extend slightly the current 4-year presidential term Several presidential sources say he is pushing for a 6-year to 7-year term He has said he would not benefit from such a change
CNN  -- South Korean singer Psy has conquered the world with his "  Gangnam Style " hit -- and his country continued its dominance of Asian club football on Saturday . Ulsan Hyundai 's players celebrated by performing a victory dance in homage to the pop phenomenon after winning the region 's Champions League title for the first time . Ulsan defeated Saudi Arabia 's Al Ahli 3-0 to become the third K-League team in four years to lift the trophy . "  Ulsan have had to wait for a long time to come to final so I told the players we must win the game and to do that we must play a normal game , " coach Kim Ho-gon said after goals from captain Kwak Tae-hwi , Brazilian striker Rafinha and midfielder Kim Seung-yong completed a run of nine successive wins in the competition . "  After the first group game every game felt like a final , but the final did not feel like a final as we had done so well in the semifinal . " The victory at Ulsan 's Munsu Stadium earned the club a place at December 's Club World Cup in Japan , with a quarterfinal tie against Mexico 's Monterrey . "  I am so happy for the players , " Kim said on the Asian Football Confederation website . "  They wanted to play in the FIFA Club World Cup and it is the same for me . This is the happiest day in my coaching career . " Al Ahli had reached the final for the first time in the tournament 's present format , though the club lost in the title match of the 1986 competition when it was known as the Asian Club Championship . "  The team learned a lot this year by playing against different strong teams , " said Ahli 's Czech coach Karel Jarolim . "  Al Ahli is a very young team and these players have gained experience this season and they will work hard for next year and will try to do our best . " His team booked a place in next year 's tournament by finishing second in the Saudi league , but Ulsan may miss out after dropping outside the K-League 's qualification places .	Ulsan Hyundai earn place at FIFA Club World Cup by winning Asian title K-League team beats Saudi Arabia 's Al Ahli 3-0 in Champions League final Third time in four years that a Korean club has won the final Ulsan won all nine games but battling to qualify for next season 's tournament
CNN  -- Nearly 72 years after surviving the attacks from the menacing skies over Pearl Harbor , Ewalt Shatz found himself fighting another battle : this time , just to make it to the islands . The 90-year-old former sailor told CNN affiliate KHNL that he had intended to fly Wednesday from Los Angeles International Airport to Honolulu , Hawaii , to take part in a memorial on Saturday at Pearl Harbor in honor of more than 2,400 who died in the Japanese air attacks in 1941 . But he was bumped from his United Airlines flight . "  I thought that they just overbooked the deal and they were trying to get rid of a couple of customers , because somebody had my seat , and that 's what made me mad , because I paid for that seat , and somebody else was sitting in it . " United said it was n't at fault . "  Severe weather in the path of United flight 1226 required the flight to carry additional fuel and reduce the number of passengers on board by 41 , " said Charles Hobart , a spokesman for the airline , in an e-mailed statement . "  United agents in Los Angeles noticed Mr. Shatz in the lobby attempting to check in for the flight and , after approaching him and offering assistance , proactively rebooked him on the best available alternate flight . We look forward to following up with Mr. Shatz and having an opportunity to welcome him back . " But Shatz , who was flying alone , said an agent told him that only two customers were taken off the flight , and the only other person he saw was a man in a wheelchair , according to KHNL . He was rebooked on an American Airlines flight eight hours later for Maui , where Hawaiian Airlines representatives greeted him and escorted him to a first-class seat aboard a flight to Honolulu . He arrived there shortly before midnight . Shatz 's story had preceded him on social media , and he was met at the airport by dozens of people , most of them in uniform . "  We 're here to show our respect for him , " said Rex Parmelee , chief Navy counselor . "  It 's a tremendous honor ; that 's why we take it so serious , because heritage is huge . " Shatz enjoyed the support . "  Everybody wanted a picture with me , and they were making out like I was a hero , but I 'm not , really , " Shatz said . "  It was embarrassing in a way , but I liked it . " The airline ran into blowback on social media , where one person wrote , "  United should be ASHAMED ! " "  United has just lost another loyal customer , " said another . And this : "  Will never fly United again . " On December 7 , 1941 , Shatz was an 18-year-old seaman aboard the USS Patterson . Last year , he was honored for having shot down a Japanese plane with a .50 - caliber machine gun -- the first time he had used one -- during the attack . He said he had not heard from United since the incident and planned never to fly on the airline again . Shatz is one of 50 Pearl Harbor survivors and 10 World War II veterans expected to attend Saturday 's ceremony , which is slated to begin at 7:45 a.m.  12:45 p.m. ET  and last 90 minutes , said Eileen Martinez , a spokeswoman for the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument and the USS Arizona Memorial . At the end of the ceremony , current enlisted military personnel will form an honor cordon through which the WWII veterans , Pearl Harbor survivors and civilian witnesses in attendance will walk or , in some cases , ride in wheelchairs , Martinez said . "  As they make their way out , the military salutes them , " she said . "  It 's an act of honoring those that have sacrificed , that have served and that are so precious to us . "  Of course , they are in their twilight years , so now is the time to honor them . " Some 2,000 to 2,500 of the more than 70,000 military forces who survived the attacks on Oahu are still alive , she said .	90-year-old Pearl Harbor survivor gets bumped en route to Honolulu "  I thought that they just overbooked the deal , " he says United says it is not at fault
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- What if we offered illegal immigrants a path to citizenship that included a stint in the U.S. military ? Ruben Navarrette : Be wary of offering military service as a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants . The idea has been trumpeted by thoughtful people such as Max Boot , a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , who thinks this is the time for a "  freedom legion . " He 's talking about a unit of the military made up entirely of the foreign-born -- including illegal immigrants -- where the compensation would include U.S. citizenship . About 70,000 foreign-born men and women serve in the U.S. armed forces , or about 5 percent of the total active-duty force , according to the Pentagon . Of those , nearly 30,000 -- or about 43 percent -- are not U.S. citizens . Roping illegal immigrants into military service could accomplish two goals at once : helping alleviate the military 's recruitment worries while giving the undocumented a chance to prove that their commitment to this country extends beyond a paycheck . We 're already talking about requiring illegal immigrants to learn English , pay fines , and return to their home countries to earn legal status . Why not , some say , raise the stakes and require men and women between 18 and 42 to serve a couple of years in the military to earn something even more precious : U.S. citizenship for themselves and their children ? The idea appealed to a reader in upstate New York who called me to gauge my reaction . I told him that I had n't made up my mind , but that the concept did fit with my view that any conferring of legal status be laden with onerous conditions so that it really is earned . To earn it , illegal immigrants should have to do everything but walk across broken glass . Still , I told him , I 'm not sure how those who oppose comprehensive reform but support turning illegal immigrants into cannon fodder go about squaring that circle . Restrictionists and racists have argued that illegal immigrants are invading this country , and that they 're a dangerous menace to society that is prone to all sorts of violent and criminal behavior . Of course , many native-born U.S. citizens are just as menacing . But for those who believe that illegal immigrants are inherently violent , do they really want to give these folks military training and a M-16 , to help them graduate from menacing to lethal ? After all , assuming they survive their stint in the military , they eventually have to return stateside . Then they 're our problem . Consider the ghastly events in Newark , New Jersey , where three African-American students were killed execution-style and a fourth was shot in the head but survived . The accused ringleader is Jose Carranza , an illegal immigrant from Peru , who was previously charged with raping a 5-year-old girl and threatening her parents . Twice indicted by grand juries , Carranza slipped through the cracks and was released on bail . Authorities say that the 28-year-old construction worker led at least four other individuals in attacking the youths with a gun and a machete . If convicted , Carranza could get the death penalty . Glad to hear it . If half the things they say about this creep are true , Carranza belongs on death row . But guess what ? He sure does n't belong on an Army recruitment poster , or handling heavy artillery . Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of The San Diego Union-Tribune and a nationally syndicated columnist with the Washington Post Writers Group . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . E-mail to a friend	Is it time for a military "  freedom legion , " made up of all foreign-born troops ? Is military service as a way to citizenship for illegal immigrants a good idea ? Jose Carranza , accused in the Newark killings , makes the proposal problematic Illegal immigrants are considered dangerous menaces by some
Mitt Romney hit his party 's "  magic number " on Tuesday , unofficially clinching the Republican presidential nomination in a race he entered as the front-runner and has had to himself for weeks . Romney led the pack when he announced his second run for the White House last June , and he has watched his rivals for the nomination slowly trickle out as their own wins looked increasingly unlikely . The delegates to put him over the 1,144 necessary for the GOP nomination came in Texas , the lone state to vote this week . Romney entered the day 78 delegates away from the magic number , and on Tuesday CNN projected he would win the state 's GOP presidential primary , where 152 of the state 's 155 delegates were at stake . On Tuesday , Romney said he was humbled to have secured the requisite delegates to become the GOP nominee . "  I am honored that Americans across the country have given their support to my candidacy and I am humbled to have won enough delegates to become the Republican Party 's 2012 presidential nominee , " Romney wrote . "  Our party has come together with the goal of putting the failures of the last 3 1/2 years behind us . I have no illusions about the difficulties of the task before us . But whatever challenges lie ahead , we will settle for nothing less than getting America back on the path to full employment and prosperity . On November 6 , I am confident that we will unite as a country and begin the hard work of fulfilling the American promise and restoring our country to greatness . " The chairman of the Republican National Committee , Reince Priebus , congratulated Romney on the milestone , saying Romney would "  offer America the new direction we so desperately need . " Priebus ' Democratic counterpart , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , was less enthusiastic . "  Tonight , after six years of trying and millions of dollars spent , and after a year of tepid support against one of the weakest fields in history , Mitt Romney has finally secured enough delegates to become the Republican Party 's presidential nominee , " wrote Wasserman Schultz , the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee . "  Romney may have finally gained enough delegates to become the nominee , but what 's been truly remarkable about his path to the nomination is how much damage he 's left in his wake as he enters the general election . " Romney has been the presumptive nominee for weeks , but will not be the official party nominee until the Republican National Convention , set to be held the week of August 27 in Tampa , Florida . Romney launched his campaign on a warm day last June , telling his supporters gathered at a New Hampshire farm that "  Barack Obama has failed America . " Opinion : How political ads can elect a president "  From my first day in office my No. 1 job will be to see that America once again is No. 1 in job creation , " he said . The early primary battleground state would play an important role in his campaign . He initially invested more in New Hampshire than the first-in-the-nation caucus state of Iowa , which he eventually lost by a small margin to former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania . New England voters have long been familiar with Romney , even before his 2008 presidential bid . He served as governor of Massachusetts between 2003 and 2007 . Texas figured into this presidential race long before the first votes cast on Tuesday . One of the three factors in Santorum 's April decision to end his presidential bid was a decision by Texas Republicans not to change their proportional delegate model to a winner-take-all system , which -- if he had stayed in the race and won the state -- could have given him a boost and held back Romney 's delegate accumulation . Opinion : GOP 's problem with Latinos - as big as Texas Two of Romney 's rivals in the once-crowded field are from Texas . Texas Gov. Rick Perry exited the race two days before the mid-January primary in South Carolina after a disappointing fifth-place finish in Iowa and his decision to stop campaigning in the second state to vote , New Hampshire . Earlier this month , Rep. Ron Paul of Texas said he would no longer actively campaign for the Republican nomination , effectively ending his third run for the Oval Office with 122 delegates . When Santorum , Paul and others were still in the race , talk of a contested convention swirled and it seemed to some a realistic possibility that Romney might not reach the magic number before the last state voted in June . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich vowed to push his bid onward to the convention unless Romney were to clinch the nomination earlier . He told reporters in late March that if Romney "  does not have a majority -LSB- of delegates -RSB- , I think you 'll then have one of the most interesting , open conventions in American history . " He suspended his bid in early May , and on Tuesday was to appear with Romney at a fundraiser in Las Vegas . The earliest contests weeded out Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , who won the Iowa straw poll last summer but finished sixth in its January caucuses , and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , who ended his bid before the South Carolina vote after falling short in New Hampshire . Others dropped out before the voting began . Businessman Herman Cain 's once-unlikely rise ended in December amid allegations of sexual misbehavior . Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty dropped out months earlier , in August , after the high stakes Ames , Iowa , straw poll . Romney , who becomes the first Mormon presidential nominee of a major party , previously sought the GOP presidential nomination in 2008 . He dropped out after Super Tuesday , which allocated 1,020 delegates from 21 states . The Texas primary in early March of that year gave Sen. John McCain of Arizona the necessary delegates to seal up the GOP nomination . ` Other-ness ' : What Obama and Romney have in common on religion , race In his 2008 convention speech , Romney spoke about many of the same themes that are prominent in his campaign this cycle , including a call "  to rein in government spending , lower taxes , take a weed wacker to excessive regulation and mandates ... pursue every source of energy security , from new efficiencies to renewables , from coal to non-CO2 producing nuclear and for the immediate drilling for more oil off our shores . " President Barack Obama faced no national competition for the Democratic presidential nomination , and CNN projected he accumulated the 2,778 necessary delegates on April 3 .	With projected Texas win , Romney has necessary 1,144 delegates "  I am humbled to have won enough delegates , " Romney says He will not be the official party nominee until the Republican National Convention
CNN  -- It 's a grass-roots protest movement composed of the newly politicized and people distrustful of hierarchy . So how is it possible to be an illegitimate Tea Party member ? Ask Republicans in Nevada . Some are accusing Jon Scott Ashjian , a new Tea Party candidate running for U.S. Senate , of being a fake . The allegation ? He was put in the race by agents of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to siphon votes from the GOP . "  No doubt about it , " says Danny Tarkanian , one of the many Republican Senate candidates hoping to challenge Reid in November . "  Nobody in the Tea Party knows who he is . He did n't know any of the principles of the Tea Party , " Tarkanian tells CNN . Tarkanian even accuses "  Harry Reid 's staff , campaign , whatever " of picking Ashjian because he 's Armenian , as is Tarkanian . He explains , "  They know the Armenians are very close , they 'll vote for each other . " As for Reid , an aide dismisses the accusations . As does Reid , who says he 's never met Ashjian or "  anyone in his family . " Reid tells CNN , "  I think there are too many conspiratorialists in the world today . This is a free country . " Sue Lowden , the Republican front-runner in the Senate primary , according to recent polls , is the former Nevada Republican Party chair and seems to be the Republicans ' best hope of unseating Reid in November . Or at least she did , until Ashjian got into the race . Lowden says she 's been very active with Tea Party groups in Nevada . "  I am a Tea Party voter , absolutely . " Which is why she says she finds it "  a little strange " that Ashjian is emerging now . "  I do n't know who this person is . He 's never been involved with anything that I 'm aware of in this state . " She does n't know if he 's a spoiler . "  We 'll find out for sure , " she promises , adding , "  I 've never seen him at one of our Tea Parties , by the way . " It 's clear why Lowden and Tarkanian would be concerned . A recent poll conducted for the Las Vegas Review-Journal indicates Lowden and Tarkanian each beating Reid in one-on-one hypothetical general election matchups . But add a Tea Party candidate to the ballot , and that siphons off enough conservative votes to give Reid a narrow victory . According to the survey , Reid would grab 36 percent of the vote , the Republican candidate 32 percent and the Tea Party candidate 18 percent in a possible three-way showdown . So the conspiracy theories abound from Tea Party activists and worried Republicans : Ashjian 's never attended Tea Party rallies ; he has n't coordinated with local organizers ; the secretary of his Tea Party of Nevada , Barry Levinson , is a registered Democrat . Levinson said , "  I vote the person , not the party " and calls the accusations "  political garbage . " But to critics , it 's all proof that Ashjian is , in the words of Nevada Tea Party activist and blogger Ned Barrett , running a "  false flag operation . " Jon Scott Ashjian seems to find the fuss amusing . New to the political scene , he personally gave CNN directions to his house for an interview that his wife , daughter and bulldog attended . He said it was the first time he 'd spoken with the national media . Ashjian , who helped form the Tea Party of Nevada just to run for this seat , said that he 'd never take marching orders from the Democrats or Reid . "  I have never met Harry Reid , do not agree at all with any of his political values , " Ashjian said , adding that he 's not the kind of guy "  who would follow or be told what to do . " He says he 's fielded endless calls from Republicans trying to strong-arm him to leave the race , and he resents it : "  I do n't think Republicans own the Tea Party , " Ashjian said . "  In fact , I know they do n't in Nevada , because I do . That 's what 's really got them in an uproar . " He said he 's been told that he 's not welcome on the bus when the Tea Party rolls into Nevada . Ashjian says he got into the race because "  we are patriots that want change . We 're normal people that want to make a difference . " First , he plans to make a campaign Web site . A spokesman for Tea Party Express , a national Tea Party group that is encouraging efforts to defeat Reid at the ballot box in November , says it does not view Ashjian as a serious candidate . They say he 's not speaking at either of their two rallies in Nevada on March 27 , when they kick off their third Tea Party cross-country caravan with events in Searchlight  Reid 's hometown  and Las Vegas , but they say he 's welcome to attend . Tea Party Express also says it is not endorsing any candidate in the Nevada GOP Senate primary .	Some say Jon Scott Ashjian , a new Tea Party candidate running for Senate , is a fake GOP front-runner Sue Lowden says she 's never seen Ashjian at Tea Party events Another GOP candidate alleges Harry Reid 's campaign planted Ashjian to siphon GOP votes Ashjian seems to find the fuss amusing ; Reid dismisses the allegations
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- Three more suspects have been arrested in connection with the April 28 bombing in Marrakech which killed 17 people and injured 20 others . CNN learned Wednesday from security sources that Moroccan police have apprehended three Moroccan males in the coastal town of Safi , the hometown of the alleged chief perpetrator of the bombing , Adil El Atmani . This brings the total number of arrests in Morocco to six . The sources confirmed that El Atmani is the chief suspect held by the police , following press speculation this week that he was being held , which was unconfirmed by the Moroccan government . The security sources also confirmed that Moroccan authorities are working closely with the FBI and German police . They pointed to the recent arrests in Germany of three men , two of them with connections to Morocco , who are accused of plotting terror attacks in Germany . They said those arrests came the day after the Marrakech attack , and that the leader of the German cell is a Moroccan who was in contact with El Atmani before the Marrakech bombing and is known by German security services to be both an operative of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and an expert in explosives . AQIM has denied any link to the Marrakech bombing , but the denial is being met with increasing skepticism by some Moroccan news media . An editorial in the French-language daily Aujourd ` hui said the statement by the North African al Qaeda cell -- put out a week after the bombing -- was unprecedented and "  contradicts itself . " On Wednesday , Moroccan authorities held a staged reconstruction of the bombing in Marrakech , which tore through a café . Authorities have said the bomber remotely triggered two explosives , which he had placed there while disguised as a Western hippie .	Sources say Moroccan authorities are working with FBI , German police Three additional suspects arrested in April 28 bombing that killed 17 Sources suggest connection between Marrakech bombing and German arrests
CNN  -- Lost amidst the predictable clutter of the "  will-he-or wo n't - she " questions about whether Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton will actually run for the presidency is an unexpected development : a hint of authenticity . Turns out that political purgatory -- even if temporary -- can actually spark a genuine conversation with the public about what it takes to be president , and what goes into deciding whether you want to run . Here 's Hillary on herself : "  The job is unforgiving in many ways , so I think you need people around you who will kid you , make fun of you . ... You can lose touch with what 's real , what 's authentic . " Here 's Jeb on his decision : "  Can I do it where the sacrifice to my family is tolerable ? ... It 's a pretty ugly business right now . There 's a level under which I would never subjugate my family because that 's my organizing principle . That 's my life . " So while Chris Christie wo n't answer questions about immigration and Ted Cruz is threatening to block presidential nominations and Rand Paul is blaming the tragic Eric Garner death on cigarette taxes , there 's another more personal and revealing conversation going on about the presidency and how to get there , and we ought to pay some attention . Not just because it 's coming from Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton , although that is a part of it . After all , Hillary 's outside support network is up and running , even if she is n't officially yet . And while Jeb has no campaign infrastructure or organization , his closest advisers are having enough meetings with enough operatives to send enough signals that it 's a very live , real , even likely , possibility . Though Jeb 's advisers tell me he has n't made a decision , the process over the last six months sure looks like it leads to a presidential campaign . So all the cheerleaders need is the final hand signal . Which brings us back to the Jeb and Hillary conversations . They 're thinking out loud , in a way , which hardly ever happens in politics anymore because it usually gets you into trouble .  See : Joe Biden . But they 're both doing it because their decisions about running for the presidency come from places of deep family experience . Hillary lived in the White House . Jeb visited his brother and his father there . They get it -- at all levels . They understand the power and nature of the job . They also understand the "  what-it-takes " component to run for it . And , in a way , they 've both got similar problems : They 're each practiced politicians , but they 're not the best transactional pols in their families . They each have problems with their party 's activist base . And they both can seem like old news . It 's that dynasty thing . But wait . Maybe all that stuff actually prepares a candidate for the campaign , and maybe even for the job itself . Clinton 's ruminations about decision-making , for instance , are refreshing . "  Technology connects you around the world instantaneously , so you 're constantly being asked for opinions , to make decisions that maybe you need some time to think about , " she told a Boston audience on Thursday . "  Maybe you need some time to sleep on it . Maybe you need to bring in some people to talk about it . But the pace of demands is so intense that you feel like you 've got to respond . " It 's the stress , she said . "  Here 's what I worry about . The stress on anybody in a leadership position , multiplied many times over to be president . The incoming never ends . " It 's a much more honest assessment than talking about the tug of being a grandmother . As for Jeb Bush , in addition to the personal issues , he 's given a big hint he gets that he 's not aligned with the base of his party in some states -- and that 's fine . In a recent appearance before a Wall Street Journal CEO conference , he said the GOP nominee needs to be willing to "  lose the primary to win the general  election  without violating your principles . " Could he possibly be talking about Mitt Romney circa 2012 ? Or his own problems with the party base on immigration and school reform ? My guess : Both . I 'm also guessing this : What we are hearing from both of these politicians are part of the larger conversation they 're having with themselves . As in : Do I need this ? Can I do this ? Is it worth it to me -- and important enough to the country -- for me to spend two years on this ? These are not wannabes . They 've been there , in the heat , in one way or another . So while the subordinates plan , organize and recruit , the actual deciders continue to decide . It 's getting down to the wire , and they know it . You can hear it . And it may be the most genuine stuff we hear for the next two years .	Gloria Borger : Jeb Bush , Hillary Clinton talking authentically about demands of presidency She says their comments show a keen awareness of the difficulty of the job Borger : They must be asking themselves : Is it worth it ?
CNN  -- A massive iceberg -- more than twice the size of New York 's Manhattan island -- is drifting slowly toward Australia , scientists said Wednesday . The iceberg , measuring 140 square km  54 square miles  , cleaved off an ice shelf nearly 10 years ago and had been floating near Antarctica before commencing on its unusual journey north . Named B17B , it was about 1,700 km  1,056 miles  off the coast of West Australia , according to the country 's Antarctic Division . "  B17B is a very significant one in that it has drifted so far north while still largely intact , " said Australian Antarctic Division glaciologist Neal Young , who spotted the slab using satellite images taken by NASA and the European Space Agency . "  It 's one of the biggest sighted at those latitudes . " It is unlikely to drift too close to the coast in its current form , Young said . The warmer waters will cause it to melt . "  As the water warms up , the iceberg is slowly breaking up , resulting in hundreds more smaller icebergs in the area , " Young said on the Australian Antarctic Division Web site . In November , an iceberg estimated to be 500 meters wide and 50 meters high was spotted close to Macquarie Island in the southern Pacific drifting towards New Zealand . Scientists working on the island were astounded by its size . "  We pulled out the binoculars that we use for work on the seals and , sure enough , it was a huge floating island of ice basically and , yeah , it was an incredible sight , " Australian researcher Dean Miller told CNN affiliate TVNZ . The Australian Antarctic Division said the iceberg was part of a flotilla that would have broken off from a larger ice flow that possibly came from the Ross Ice Shelf , Antarctica 's largest . Although shipping lanes in this region are not particularly busy in November , the icebergs prompted Maritime New Zealand to issue navigation warnings . Three years earlier , another family of icebergs led to a small tourist boom when they drifted along the east coast of New Zealand 's South Island . Oceanographer Mike Williams told Radio New Zealand the icebergs had "  pretty much the same origin " but that some had probably been trapped in the icy seas of Antarctica for longer , before being carried north by the currents . However he was reluctant to cite global warming as the reason for the large-scale movement of ice . "  We do have to a change our position a little because in 2006 we thought this was a ` once in a lifetime ' event . "  But large ice shelf carvings , where the ice comes from , are still only carving on a 30 to 50-year period . "	The iceberg , measuring 140 square km cleaved off an ice shelf nearly 10 years ago Named B17B , it was about 1,056 miles  1,700 km  off the coast of West AustraIia In November this year a flotilla of icebergs was spotted drifting towards New Zealand 's coast
CNN  Phylicia Rashad says she was misquoted . She says she was n't being dismissive of the women who 've accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault when she came to the comedian 's defense in an online interview . "  I am a woman . I would never do that , " she said on ABC 's "  World News Tonight With David Muir " on Wednesday . ` Forget these women ' Rashad played Clair Huxtable , Bill Cosby 's TV wife , on the groundbreaking NBC sitcom "  The Cosby Show . " Cosby 's now been accused of harassing , drugging and sexually assaulting multiple women . And in an interview with Showbiz 411 , Rashad said she never saw any indication of the behavior that the women have attributed to Cosby . "  Forget these women , " Rashad is quoted as telling the outlet . "  What you 're seeing is the destruction of a legacy . And I think it 's orchestrated . I do n't know why or who 's doing it , but it 's the legacy . And it 's a legacy that is so important to the culture . " Fast forward to Wednesday night . Rashad says the Showbiz 411 piece did n't accurately reflect what she said -- especially the "  forget these women " part . "  That was a misquote . That is not what I said , " Rashad said . "  What I said is , ` this is not about the women . This is about something else . This is about the obliteration of legacy . ' " In a Wednesday post , Roger Friedman , the columnist who wrote the Showbiz 411 article , denied that he misquoted Rashad , but wrote that he understands how her words were taken out of context . "  She did n't mean for it to be taken the way it was , and I should have punctuated . There was NEVER the meaning in ` Forget those women ' that she was saying to actually forget or dismiss then . " He continued , "  She meant , ` those women aside ' -- as in , she 's not talking about that , she 's talking about Cosby 's legacy being destroyed . It was conversational . Somehow this got twisted . I am really sorry if the way I presented it made it seem like either one of us was forgetting anyone . " Allred calls Rashad out In coming to the defense of her TV husband , Rashad has now waded into a controversy that continues to dog Cosby . More than 20 women have come forward with claims , and a defamation lawsuit has been filed against Cosby . On Wednesday , attorney Gloria Allred brought out three more women -- Linda Kirkpatrick , Lynn Neal and a woman who chose to be identified only as Kacey -- who say they were sexually assaulted by the comedian after being drugged by him . While introducing the women , Allred addressed Rashad 's statements to Showbiz 411 . "  Phylicia , you should be supporting these women rather than joining Cosby 's paid ` attack dogs ' who are trying to undermine them in any way that they can , " Allred said . Cosby stays mum And Cosby ? He 's maintaining his silence -- as he 's done while his reputation suffers . He was in Kitchener , Ontario , on Wednesday night for a standup appearance . A few dozen protestors rallied outside , but the show went on without a hitch . Larger protests are planned for Thursday night 's shows . After his set , Cosby released a statement thanking attendees . "  I would like to personally thank you for giving me the opportunity to bring laughter back into your lives tonight , " he said . Also , I would like to applaud all of you and give you a standing ovation for respecting yourselves , the theatre  Centre In The Square  and the event organizers that produced a spectacular show for the Kitchener Community . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Lisa Respers France and Todd Leopold contributed to this report from Atlanta , and Paula Newton from Ontario .	Writer says he did not misquote Phylicia Rashad but that her comment is misunderstood She says she was n't being dismissive of the women who 've accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault Cosby does n't address the allegations during standup act
CNN  -- Since Kim Jong Il 's death was announced on Monday , many people have marveled at the mourning scenes featured on North Korean state television , made viral on the Internet : North Koreans prostrate , weeping , hitting the ground . Many have asked whether the anguish is genuine . How could citizens mourn the passing of a totalitarian , such a gross abuser of human rights ? The answer may be found in the human rights abuses themselves . It is a lamentable characteristic of totalitarian regimes that they often demand acts of deceit from those they oppress . Often it is a matter of simple survival . Those who hate the regime are obliged to demonstrate patriotism . To fail is to risk persecution . The only alternative is to flee , a choice made by tens of thousands of North Koreans in the past two decades . North Korea is unambiguously a totalitarian state . An estimated 200,000 North Koreans are held under brutal conditions in remote forced labor camps called kwan-li-so . Citizens are deprived of the freedom to speak , to dissent , to assemble , to seek remedies for grievances . Perhaps worst of all , there is no freedom from fear -- knowing that one can be imprisoned and tortured for minor trifles , sent to a kwan-li-so for being related to someone who displeased the state , or face a kangaroo court trial and possible public execution for a long list of political or economic "  crimes . " Even those who manage to keep out of trouble suffer from the government 's deadly economic mismanagement and a "  military first " policy : death from famines , widespread stunting in children from persistent malnutrition and untreated illness . It is difficult for many North Koreans to obtain adequate money or food without committing acts that are criminal or , given the crackdown on economic crimes , potentially suicidal . For many , to live in North Korea is to live in fear for one 's very existence . In a context like this , there is no way to know what is genuine and what is theatrical . Totalitarianism and fear impair the idea of truth and the concept of objectivity . Rather than focusing on the televised tears of mourners for Kim Jong Il , we should be asking what needs to be done to ensure that someday North Korean television will show the tears of the fathers , mothers and children who have seen their relatives suffer or die because of the acts and omissions of Kim Jong Il and his father , Kim Il Sung , before him , during their unbroken 63-year rule . The "  Great Successor , " Kim Jong Un , is still largely untested and doubts persist about whether he is really in charge in Pyongyang , but many hope that change is more likely now than a week ago . The international community should use this transition period to press the new leader to break from the criminal tyranny of the past and steer the country in a new direction . Kim Jong Un could start by taking note of calls made in the latest U.N. General Assembly resolution on North Korea , and allowing a visit by U.N. special rapporteurs . Change needs to come to North Korea , in one form or another . Those who will lead North Korea now , Kim Jong Un and the generals and ministers who control the state apparatus , need to remember that history has not been kind to tyrants . Totalitarian regimes can linger , and often do , but ultimately gross injustices are unsustainable and those who commit them can  and now often do  face the punishments of international justice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Sifton .	Many wonder if North Koreans ' grief over the death of Kim Jong Il is genuine , says John Sifton Sifton : How could citizens mourn the passing of such a gross abuser of human rights ? In a totalitarian society , those who hate the regime are obliged to show patriotism , he says For many , to live in North Korea is to live in fear for one 's very existence , Sifton says
CNN  -- Authorities in Michigan believe that they have found the body of a 5-year-old girl who disappeared while bicycling last week . Nevaeh Buchanan , 5 , was last seen May 24 outside her apartment in Monroe , Michigan . Sheriff Tilman Crutchfield of Monroe County said the body appears to be that of Nevaeh Buchanan , who was last seen May 24 outside her apartment complex in Monroe , southwest of Detroit . The perpetrator remains at large , Crutchfield said . "  That person , to our knowledge , is still out there in the community , " he said . "  In my opinion , it is a very sick or disturbed person we are looking for , a person that is able to abduct and murder an innocent 5-year-old child . " Crutchfield said the body was found buried on the bank of river in a rural area . "  There was a material present on the grave site ... that appeared to be some type of cement or concrete , " he said at a news conference . A father , son and grandson were fishing at the river when they spotted a block of cement and noticed a bad smell , the father told HLN 's Nancy Grace . Watch authorities swarm the scene " Guy Bickley , the fisherman who found the body , said he was using a block of concrete to rest his feet when he noticed a foul odor . The concrete broke apart from the activity around it , he added . He was swarmed by flies , and he as he broke away pieces of the concrete , he noticed what clearly was human flesh , he said . He had been following the missing child 's case in the news , and he immediately thought of her , but "  then denial come in , " he said . "  I did n't want it to be the child . I did n't want to be the one that found the child , " he said . "  I did n't want it to be the child but I did know in my heart of hearts that it was n't an animal , that it was somebody . And as it turns out , it was the little girl . " Crutchfield said he had no comment "  on the cement issue other than there was some type of material present . " Authorities also found a shirt that matches the description of what Nevaeh is believed to have been wearing , he said . Crutchfield vowed to use "  whatever resources necessary " to find the perpetrator . The FBI is involved in the investigation . The girl 's family said they were having trouble accepting the news . "  I am not giving up hope yet , because I still feel that she is near me , " Nevaeh 's grandmother , Sherry Buchanan , told CNN affiliate WDIV . "  My son is a total tragic mess because of this , " she added . He has missed her every single day she has been gone , and now he is going to miss her for the rest of his life . " Nancy Grace producer Phillip Rosenbaum contributed to this report .	Nevaeh Buchanan was last seen while bicycling May 24 Fishermen found concrete block by River Raisin The person responsible for the girl 's death remains at large , police said
CNN  -- Resolving domestic disputes between elephants and humans is an age old problem , but one not-for-profit organization based in Zambia thinks it may have a solution . The Elephant Pepper Development Trust  EPDT  is encouraging local farmers to burn briquettes of chili to ward off the stomping giants . It 's a technique that Loki Osborn , director of the EPDT , said is very effective given the elephant 's delicate sense of smell . In an interview with CNN , he said : "  The hot chili peppers are very distasteful to elephants because of their advanced olfactory systems . They pick up things in the environment that we have no idea about . " "  Chilies really irritate them and cause a very short term , very painful experience for them that goes away , " he added . But although the red hot chili peppers may cause some discomfort to the elephants in the short term , it is the lesser of two evils , notes Osborn . The longstanding conflict between farmers and elephants is devastating both sets of communities . Farmers sometimes kill elephants in an effort to protect their crops while the latter decimate food and grain stores , occasionally injuring or killing humans and livestock . What 's more -- farmers are bearing the costs of living with elephants and receive little of the benefits , says the EPDT . Even where community-based conservation initiatives exist , and elephants generate large revenues , the money does n't filter down to local population . Osborn said that creating an environment where people and elephants can live in harmony is key , but that does n't necessarily mean taking a conventional approach to conservation . And that 's where the chilies come in . "  The problem with conservation in general , it does n't produce anything . There 's not really much you can sell from conservation of birds in a forest , " says Osborn . "  So we thought , if we could get people to grow these chilies to deter the elephants from coming into the fields , buy it back , grind it up and sell it internationally to tell the story about what we 're doing but also give a high end market for African products -- maybe we could be a model for other programs . " The EPDT 's work is more important than ever as elephant and human populations have significantly increased in southern Africa in recent years , explains Osborn . According to the World Wildlife Fund , elephant numbers have reached 300,000 in sub-Saharan Africa , however , less than 20 % of the elephant range is under formal protection . And while tolerant of human disturbance to some degree , elephants are unable to survive when the landscape becomes dominated by farmland . Osborn said : "  The world wants to know more about where -LSB- our -RSB- food is coming from , so having a great story to it really was a powerful thing ... I think our kids are going to be very much more interested in that kind of stuff than our generation is now . " The EPDT currently sells the farmed chilies through a website called ` Elephant Pepper ' with a slogan : "  Elephants Hate Chili ... We Love Elephants . " Osborn is hopeful that programs such as the one run by the EPDT will help to spur investment on a continent-wide scale and attract entrepreneurs , who want to set up businesses in the country rather than just provide revenue through aid . "  Africa needs the business minds of the people ... to come and spend money here , " he said , "  you can create 50 jobs without even blinking because labor is relatively cheap ; you can have a labor intensive project . " Osborn , a Louisiana native , believes that entrepreneurs must move to Africa to make money and not purely for philanthropic reasons . "  We should n't come here with that attitude , " he says . "  People need jobs here and they need jobs of reasonable pay ... If your long term goal is to save these animals , there 's got to be something far more creative than what we 're currently doing . "	Farmers in Zambia using chili as relatively harmless way of stopping elephants from destroying crops According to the World Wildlife Fund , elephant numbers have reached 300,000 in sub-Saharan Africa Less than 20 % of elephant populations in Africa are under formal protection , WWF statistics show
CNN  -- Authorities are investigating six possible cases of bacterial meningitis -- including two deaths -- in rural Oklahoma elementary school students . The Rogers County Health Department and Oklahoma State Department of Health said two children from Oologah-Talala public school district have died from the disease . One of them was an 8-year-old , said Superintendent Rick Thomas . Thomas said school was canceled Friday for the district . "  We just feel like we would rather err on the side of caution , " he said , although he has urged parents to remain calm . The state health board said it was providing antibiotics to the schools to help prevent the spread of meningococcal disease -- caused by the bacteria Neisseria meningitidis -- which can appear as pneumonia , septicemia or meningitis . Meningitis is a disease caused by the inflammation of the meninges , the thin lining that surrounds the brain and the spinal cord , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A medical team at Oologah Lower Elementary School screened more than 100 people including faculty , CNN affiliate KOTV reported . Authorities said the team is offering antibiotics to other students and faculty in the district , and there is enough medication for about 1,000 people , the affiliate reported . Last year , 16 cases of meningococcal disease were reported in Oklahoma and one person died , the board said . Symptoms of meningococcal disease may appear two to 10 days after infection , but typically within three to four days , the state board said . People ill with meningococcal septicemia may have fever , nausea , vomiting and a rash , it said . Those with meningitis will have fever , intense headache , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck . "  It is important to seek care from a physician as soon as possible if these symptoms appear , " the board said . Oologah is about 30 miles northeast of Tulsa .	Students from Oologah-Talala public school district in rural Oklahoma Authorities are investigating four other possible cases of bacterial meningitis Medical team may screen students , begin vaccinations , school superintendent says
CNN  -- You 've probably heard of Glorious Goodwood -- well , this is more like glorious driftwood . Galloping along beaches or drinking quietly from a pool , these majestic horses are n't what they first seem . That 's because , not that long ago , they were just piles of what seemed like scrap wood -- until , that is , artist James Doran-Webb began working his magic . Born in Birmingham , the 46-year-old has lived in the Philippines since traveling there for what was supposed to have been an extended holiday in 1989 . "  I was entranced by the countryside , the beaches , the wildlife and the people , with their flair for color and artistry , " he explained . He 's long been using driftwood collected from the seas , beaches and rivers near his Cebu City home to create his breathtaking wildlife art , and Doran-Webb 's work is a continuation of a childhood fascination with crafting wooden models and miniature sculptures . Much time in his formative years was spent in the workshops of his parent 's antiques restoration firm , giving him a thorough informal education in the arts of craftsmanship . That accumulated knowledge of flair and polish is on display in his three thoroughbreds , all equine power and elegance and his biggest public art project to date . Inspired by the fact that this is the Chinese Year of the Horse , they were commissioned for New Year celebrations at the Gardens by the Bay nature park in Singapore , where they were even "  ridden " by model jousters for a while . The logistics of creating each horse were daunting . A metal frame provides the equivalent of the animal 's skeleton , with hundreds of pieces of driftwood going into each sculpture . The larger pieces are then bolted together and the bolts welded to the frame , with each smaller piece then painstakingly screwed into place . "  This wood has been dead for more than 50 years , " Doran-Webb told CNN . "  It has weathered over those decades , and that 's what makes it look so fantastic . "  I was always an outdoor type of person , and would come across these wonderful pieces of wood while out kayaking -- I have been collecting driftwood since I was 18 , and have enough stockpiled to be able to find , in the end , all the right pieces . "  I 'll go on a hunt for a piece for a nostril or eyebrow , but I 'll come across a potential hoof instead . It 's like a jigsaw puzzle : you keep on looking until you 've found the right piece . "  Also , people know the sort of wood I use now and they 'll bring it to me , " added Doran-Webb , who pays them , putting money into villages where incomes can often be precarious at best . "  But sometimes I 'll think I 've finished a piece and then find myself starting again with a certain amount of the wood because it does n't look right . I focus hard on the details of faces and muscles . " His first use of driftwood , though , had nothing to do with animals or sculpture -- he had initially crafted and sold furniture from it until the possibilities of creating large-scale art suddenly struck him . And what ambitious scale it is : each horse sculpture can weigh anything up to a ton  1,000 kilograms  , is 16-17 hands  around 5ft 11ins  tall and can easily take the weight of a "  jockey " or two . Each takes three to four months to create , with Doran-Webb and his team of six craftsmen working together on the process , with each sculpture springing to life from a series of initial sketches and scale models . "  I 'll have an idea -- an image of a horse race or a polo match -- and sketch it until I get something that has motion and movement , " he said . "  The metal skeleton is crucial . If you stripped away the wood , what you would see would look sort of like the skeleton of the actual animal . It provides all the strength , but cladding it takes a long time . " It may take a long time , but Doran-Webb says he 's never fully satisfied with the results , and only the world of deadlines prevents him from perpetual tinkering . "  If it was n't for them , I 'd never leave the studio , " he admitted . "  If something is even an inch out , you have to redo it . There 's never been one I 've been happy with first time . "	James Doran-Webb uses driftwood to create stunning sculptures Philippines-based artist builds three thoroughbreds for Singapore celebrations Hundreds of pieces of wood are applied to metal skeleton to create art Doran-Webb honed skills in parents ' antiques restoration business
CNN  -- A study commissioned by digital music service Spotify examined the relationship between music , romance and seduction . These soundtracks were top picks for both men and women , although the study 's author , music psychologist Daniel Mullensiefen , also pointed out that men are more willing to adjust their tastes in music in order to ensure "  greater success in the bedroom . " Top 20 songs considered ` better than sex ' . Top 20 tracks to play during sex . Top 20 tracks for a romantic dinner . Top 20 tracks to flirt on the dance floor . Top 20 tracks to get ` in the mood ' .	Spotify study : 40 % say music is more arousing than touch Digital music service created playlists to accompany report
Spartanburg , South Carolina  CNN  -- The Republican candidates for president outlined their foreign policy and national security visions in a debate Saturday tackling issues that have largely taken a backseat in a presidential race shaped by the troubled economy . Moderators pressed the candidates on a range of topics during the 90-minute debate in South Carolina , including terrorism , Iran 's nuclear capabilities , China , the war in Afghanistan , the so-called "  Arab Spring " and foreign aid . The debate returned several times to the question of whether United States military and intelligence personnel should be allowed to waterboard suspected terrorists , a tactic banned by President Barack Obama shortly after he took office in 2009 . The candidates were split on the matter . Texas Gov. Rick Perry , seeking to regain his footing after an embarrassing mental lapse during a debate earlier this week in Michigan , forcefully defended the practice . "  This is war , " Perry said . "  That 's what happens in war . " Former pizza executive Herman Cain said of waterboarding : "  I do n't see that as torture . I see it as an enhanced interrogation technique . " And Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann called the tactic "  very effective " and said Obama "  is allowing the ACLU to run the CIA . " But former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , a former diplomat who has positioned himself as the only candidate in the race with serious foreign policy experience , disagreed . So did libertarian-leaning Texas Rep. Ron Paul . CNN Truth Squad : Fact checking the GOP debate "  We diminish our standing in the world and the values that we project which include liberty , democracy , human rights and open markets when we torture , " Huntsman said . "  We should not torture . Waterboarding is torture . We dilute ourselves down like a whole lot of other countries and we lose that ability to project values that a lot of people in corners of this world are still relying on the United States to stand up for . " Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney did not address the matter during the debate held at Wofford College in Spartanburg and sponsored by the South Carolina Republican Party , CBS News and The National Journal . But Romney aides said after the forum that he does not believe waterboarding is torture . His adviser Eric Fehrnstrom would not say whether the practice would be used in a Romney administration , saying decisions about "  enhanced interrogation " will be up to the president . "  He is not going to spell out what he would employ , " Fehrnstrom told CNN . Romney embraced several hawkish positions and said military forces should be able to target and kill American citizens fighting alongside enemies overseas , even without a trial . Pakistan was also in the sights of several candidates . Five things we learned from Saturday 's GOP debate Perry harshly accused the Pakistani government and intelligence services of knowingly harboring terrorists and said the United States should stop sending billions of dollars in aid money to the country . He went further , saying financial aid to every country should be zeroed out and re-evaluated . That would go for Israel , too , Perry said -- though he clarified that Israel remains a staunch American ally and would continue to receive funding "  at some substantial level . " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich criticized Pakistan in harsh terms and agreed with Perry 's proposal to vastly reduce the amount of federal money allocated for foreign governments . "  You ought to start off at zero and say , explain to me why I should give you a penny , " Gingrich said . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , though , said the administration needs to engage Pakistan because it has nuclear weapons that could fall into the wrong hands under a different regime . "  So we ca n't be indecisive about whether Pakistan is our friend , " Santorum said . "  They must be our friend , and we must engage them as friends . "	Cain and Bachmann support waterboarding suspected terrorists Candidates face questions over Iran , "  Arab Spring " Perry seeks to regain his footing after an embarrassing mental lapse this week
Following the mass shootings in a Colorado movie theater and an elementary school in Connecticut , the debate over gun control has been reignited : How should the country balance its constitutional right to bear arms with access to deadly firepower ? Here 's a look by the numbers on guns in the United States and Americans ' attitudes toward them . 25 - Percent of Americans who favor a handgun ban , a record low , according to a 2013 Gallup poll . 60 - Percent who supported a ban in 1960 , the first year Gallup asked this question . 34 - Percent of Americans who own a gun , rifle , or pistol , according to a Pew Research survey . Analysis : Fewer U.S. gun owners own more guns 27 - Percentage of households in the Northeast with a firearm , the lowest of any region . 56 - Number of votes the Assault Weapons Ban received in the U.S. in 1994 . 19 - Types of military-style weapons affected by the ban . 10 - Years the Assault Weapons Ban was in effect until it expired . Do guns make us safer ? 20,947,258 - FBI firearm background checks in 2013 . 5,539,538 - Firearms imported into the United States in 2013 . 18 - Minimum legal age to possess a handgun or handgun ammunition , with exceptions that relate to employment , farming , hunting , etc. . CNN iReport : 5 things gun owners want you to know 16,238 - Homicides in the U.S. in 2011 . 11,068 - Homicides with a firearm in the U.S. in 2011 . 153,000 - Brady Act background checks in 2010 that led to the rejection of a potential gun buyer 's application . 47.4 - Percent of applications denied by the FBI for 2010 because of a felony conviction or indictment .	60 % -- Americans who supported a handgun ban in 1959 25 % -- Americans who supported a handgun ban in 2013 20,947,258 - FBI firearm background checks in 2013
Beijing  CNN  -- Many of China 's Catholics are awaiting the election of Pope Benedict XVI 's successor with high expectations . "  We pray for the new pope , " said Father Francis Zhang , a Beijing priest . "  We hope he will be spiritual , dynamic and open minded . We hope he will be more open to China , more pragmatic , and someone who understands very well the Chinese Catholic church . " In recent days , Father Zhang , the parish priest of the Yongning Catholic church in the northern suburbs of the capital , has been travelling to several Chinese cities , giving lectures to jam-packed audiences of priests , seminarians and laymen . "  Sometimes the audience is as big as 4,000 people , " he enthused . "  I talk about religion and church management . " Chinese Catholics like Zhang have long been caught in the middle of a decades-long conflict between China 's Communist Party and the Vatican . They are walking a fine line between loyalty to the Holy See and to their country . "  Of course we believe in one holy , Catholic and apostolic church , " Zhang said . "  We are in total union with the Holy See in terms of liturgy , theology , holy communion and rites . "  As a Chinese priest , we love our country , the motherland . We are law-abiding . " China today remains largely atheist under the rule of the Communist Party . Even so , churches like Zhang 's have been attracting old believers and new converts . China 's State Administration for Religious Affairs says some six million Chinese Catholics attend services in government-sanctioned churches , but others practice their faith in secret -- in Catholic churches outside government control . "  Many of them are still going to the underground churches , " said Father Zhang . Experts say millions worship in underground churches -- so-called "  house-churches " that are fiercely loyal to the Vatican and disagree with government restrictions and periodic crackdowns . After the 1949 revolution , the ruling Communist Party denounced religion as the "  opiate " of the masses . China cut off ties with the Vatican in 1951 and the two sides have been estranged ever since . Religious persecution reached a crescendo during the chaotic Cultural Revolution  1966-76  , when clergy and laymen alike were persecuted , jailed and even killed . In the early 1970s , I remember walking by what looked like churches in central Beijing . They were padlocked or used as workshops or warehouses . Religion remained taboo . A few years after Chairman Mao 's death in 1976 , China reopened "  patriotic churches " where people can practice religion under government control . More than thirty years of reform has turned China into the second biggest economy in the world . It also has one of the fastest growing Christian communities in the world . With less strict adherence to communist ideology , many Chinese appeared spirtually adrift , looking for a value system on which to anchor their lives as they cope with rampant materialism , money-worship and widespread corruption . Many turn to religion for solace . "  They are looking for peace and stability , for spiritual purification , " said Father Zhang . Last autumn , I watched Zhang preside over an elaborate wedding of 62 couples from across China . Most were newly married ; others were older couples renewing their vows . I asked one groom , a white-collar worker in Beijing , "  Why turn Catholic ? " "  Religion helps people , young and old , draw a red line between what is moral and proper , and what is not , " he answered . Zhang says local officials approve of religion too because it helps improve social stability . "  It promotes social harmony , " echoing the Chinese leadership 's political slogan . China says citizens now enjoy religious freedom , as enshrined in the constitution -- but it comes with caveats . The regulations , Human Rights Watch notes , require that religious organizations and believers must "  safeguard the nation 's unity , ethnic solidarity , and social stability " and eschew "  foreign domination . " Religious activities should observe the constitution , laws and regulations , and safeguard the nation 's unity , ethnic solidarity , and social stability . No organizations or individuals should interfere with the state 's administration , the judiciary , or education . International rights groups complain that Chinese officials continue to detain religious believers , close religious sites , and impose arbitrary restrictions . Over the past eight years during Pope Benedict 's papacy , the two sides have made attempts to break the impasse but only with modest success . In 2005 , Pope Benedict met with members of the China Disabled People 's Arts Troupe who were touring Rome at the time . In a pastoral letter issued on May 20 , 2007 , the pope expressed understanding about the complicated situation of the church in China and offered guidelines for pastoral life . He expressed a "  willingness to engage in respectful and constructive dialogue " with China , while calling for defense of the doctrines and tradition of the Catholic Church . The pope , in the letter , also dedicated May 24 as a day of prayer for the church in China - and in the same year set up a special commission on affairs related to the church in the country . In 2008 , the Chinese Philharmonic Orchestra and the Shanghai Opera House Chorus visited the Vatican and performed in front of the pope . It was hailed as an ice-breaking event . Still , major sticking points remain . While China may allow Chinese Catholics to practice their faith and accept the pope 's spiritual leadership , it also tells the Vatican not to "  interfere in China 's internal affairs , " including the matter of ordaining Chinese bishops . China in recent years has ordained new bishops without the pope 's approval , stalling efforts of restoring diplomatic relations between China and the Vatican . Many local Catholics , caught in the middle , say they hope the government will respect the universal traditions of the Vatican . At the same time , they hope the Vatican can better understand the church in China and reach reconciliation with Beijing . "  We follow China and we also follow the Roman Catholic way , " said Father Zhang , who for years attended an underground church before joining the mainstream "  patriotic church . " But no breakthroughs are expected any time soon . The incoming pope will have little room to tweak the "  ambiguous but still conservative line " pursued by Pope Benedict because the hardliners in the Vatican are simply too strong , said one analyst who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity surrounding religious issues in China . If the new pope takes a more conciliatory line on China , he added , his credibility could be questioned by the hardliners . Chinese communist leaders , on the other hand , are still struggling with how to deal with this unpredictable religious boom .	Catholic Church and government authorities uneasily coexist in China More than six million Catholics attend government-sanctioned churches Experts say millions more practice Catholicism in underground "  house-churches " Chinese Catholics hope the next pope can reconcile church 's differences with Beijing
Nothing says "  sore loser " like threatening to leave the country after an election defeat . And that 's what hundreds of thousands of Americans have done by petitioning for their states ' secession on the White House website . It 's reminiscent of the great British tradition of right-wing celebrities threatening to leave the UK if the Labour Party wins power . Alas , they never do . From the demography and geography of the vast majority of signers , it 's tempting to conclude that this is just a Republican cry of rage against four more years of President Barack Obama . But it 's more significant than that . Strip away the right-wing fantasies about whether or not secession is really possible  it is n't  , and you have a movement that testifies to the extraordinary divisions within American politics . The far right feels angry and dispossessed . Rather than getting even , it 's threatening to run away . If it were n't for the sheer number of signatures , the media would n't be paying attention . Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana describes the secession movement as "  silly " and Gov. Rick Perry of Texas has dismissed it , too . Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank points out that many of the petitioners live in states that are net beneficiaries of federal largesse : Louisiana gets $ 1.45 for every $ 1 it pays in taxes and Alabama gets $ 1.71 for every $ 1 . Given how much they take from the less mutinous states , he cheekily suggests that the secession petitions "  give the opportunity to create what would be , in a fiscal sense , a far more perfect union . " Meanwhile , The Southern Poverty Law Center notes that the secession effort has attracted a predictable rogues ' gallery of racists and neo-Nazis . Given that there was no similar large-scale effort to secede when Ronald Reagan , Bill Clinton or George W. Bush won re-election , liberals ca n't be blamed for detecting a particular white fury at Obama 's success . Legally , secession is impossible , and all attempts to do it have failed . But it 's not a philosophically unattractive idea . A democratic society works best when it 's rooted in the principle of free association : We all get along with one another because we choose to . Good will is maintained because the individual 's membership in the community is voluntary -- were it compulsory , that would breed resentment . But free association only works so long as the individual is free to disassociate when he or she wants . As with individuals , so with nations . In the case of the United States , the states are historically there by choice . Although there is no mechanism for secession , the generous distribution of powers to the states reflects a spirit of voluntary federation . Since the end of the Cold War we 've witnessed the surprising fluidity of supposedly fixed national identities . The Soviet Union broke up , adding 15 new countries to the map . Yugoslavia witnessed terrible wars for national self-determination . Belgium is on the permanent brink of fracture . And my native Great Britain is getting ready for a historic vote on the independence of Scotland . The complexities of Scottish independence illustrate that secession does n't have to mean a violent rupture sparked by right-wing nationalism . The domestic program of the Scottish nationalist movement is broadly liberal ; it will seek to join the European Union and its leaders often insist that the Scottish people will remain culturally British . In Europe 's case , the motor for secession is ethnicity . In America , however , it 's a politics turned toxic . The 2012 election encouraged the idea that the U.S. is split into two camps that are politically and culturally alien and with opposing economic needs . Mitt Romney 's infamous formula of the 47 %  reiterated in his equally ugly post-election remarks about "  gifts "  played upon an old idea that one half of the country feeds off the taxes paid by the other half . Secessionists are likely to be those who see themselves as disadvantaged by the redistributive federal state : as taxpayers bled dry by freeloaders , and businesspeople penalized by liberal regulation . WKRG-TV found an eccentric example of that when it interviewed the founder of the Alabama petition and discovered that he was furious at the government for shutting down his topless car wash : "  He said he was arrested and charged with obscenity by city officials in 2001 . ` The government ripped my business away , and now they 're choking America to death with rules and regulations , ' he said . " But the 2012 election introduced the idea that the welfare-recipient minority is now the majority . A common theme in conservative post-election analysis is that the Democrats now have an unbeatable coalition of ethnic minorities , single women and socially liberal youth that is turning the U.S. into a European social democracy .  Mark Steyn : "  Tuesday 's results demonstrate that , as a whole , the American electorate is trending very Euro-Canadian . "  If that is the consensus among the conservative talking heads , then it 's rational for conservative grass-roots activists to conclude that the only viable future for the conservative minority is to form its own country . The call for secession will be mocked and dismissed . But while it is built on a legal fallacy , it does articulate honestly the feelings of a growing number of conservatives who feel emasculated in 21st century America . It 's now the duty of the Republican Party to try to integrate them back into mainstream , legitimate politics .	Tim Stanley : Secession movement reveals real feelings of some conservatives He says it 's not realistic , but still shows far right 's feeling of dispossession in U.S. politics He says election stoked idea of two Americas ; conservatives fear they are the new minority Stanley : GOP must integrate secession group into mainstream , legitimate politics
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- Members of indigenous groups who say they are fed up with violence in southwestern Colombia clashed Tuesday with soldiers in what they said was an attempt to reclaim their territory . CNN affiliate Caracol TV showed swarms of locals surrounding soldiers , charging at them with makeshift clubs . Colombian officials condemned the violence . "  As president of all Colombians , I categorically reject this attitude and make an impassioned plea for the end of hostilities , " said President Juan Manuel Santos . "  What we are seeing are unacceptable acts that constitute criminal conduct and should be investigated by the authorities , " Santos said Tuesday . Santos visited the region last week , meeting with indigenous groups in the village of Toribio as members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia flexed their muscle by setting up a checkpoint just outside the town . Santos was there to meet with villagers over their demands that both government soldiers and members of the FARC leave the area . Santos was booed as he walked through the town . He has seen his ratings among Colombians drop in recent weeks because of the widespread perception that the security situation has gotten out of control during his leadership . A FARC commander of the Special Forces of the 6th Front told CNN last week that "  Santos ' war has n't helped anyone here in this zone . He wants to increase the army and the police , which will not bring any benefit to the people or Toribio . " The commander said that if the government were to remove its soldiers from the zone , "  FARC would have no reason to remain there , " but promised the group would remain as long as the military is there . "  We 've had enough deaths , " said Feliciano Valencia , of the Cauca Indigenous Committee , in an interview with CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . "  The humanitarian situation in the north of the department of Cauca is grave . " Given that neither the armed forces nor the FARC guerrillas have been able to solve the problem , "  We have decided to play our cards in this matter , " he said . "  We want the armed actors to leave so that we can live in peace . " Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report	Indigenous groups say they are fed up with violence Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos pleads for an end to the violence "  We 've had enough deaths , " an indigenous leader says
"  Donetsk is a Russian city . " The chant rang out in the eastern Ukrainian city on Saturday , as thousands of pro-Russia demonstrators rallied beneath a towering statue of Soviet revolutionary Vladimir Lenin in the city 's main square . They waved Russian flags and red flags emblazoned with the iconic image of Argentinian Marxist Che Guevara . There was not a single Ukrainian flag to be seen . "  They are frightened , " said local journalist Denis Kazansky of pro-Ukraine protestors . "  They will not come out and demonstrate . " That 's because just three days earlier , Lenin Square was the scene of violent clashes that left a 22-year-old , pro-Ukrainian activist dead . A floral tribute is the only evidence that remains of the bloodshed that unfolded Thursday night when a police cordon that stood between rival groups was breached . The tribute appeared a lonely site on Saturday as thousands of pro-Russia protesters stood with their backs to it . Their focus turned to a platform beneath the Lenin statue , where men and women took turns making their case for a referendum on the right to self-determination . Among the demonstrators was Vladimir Kosolapov , a local leader for the Communist Party in Ukraine . He told us that people in this eastern pocket of Ukraine supported the idea of federalism . "  We need more independence from Kiev for our region . Most people here do n't think that power in Kiev is legitimate . " In the region , 48 % are ethnic Russians and 46 % are ethnic Ukrainian . Most speak Russian as their first language and feel closer historic ties to Moscow than Kiev . "  I am a citizen of Ukraine , " said Kosolapov . "  I have the opportunity to leave Ukraine and go to Russia to my friends and relations but I do n't want to go . I will not leave here because this is my home . My family is here . This is my parents ' native land . " While those who support the new government in Kiev have only been holding sporadic rallies in Donetsk , pro-Russian demonstrators have a more permanent presence in Lenin Square . They have set up red tents from where they call for volunteers to join self-defense units and invite people to sign a petition and answer three questions . People queue to have their say beneath the Russian flags . Do you support a Customs Union ? Yes . This is a trade agreement between Russia and some of the former Soviet republics . Do you want Russian to be an official language ? Yes . Should Ukraine be a member of NATO ? No . The local council had tried to ban any further demonstrations this weekend following the bloodshed on Thursday , but the Donetsk District Court rejected the request , saying there was no evidence of any danger to the public . Indeed , the rally in Lenin Square was peaceful on Saturday , though the demonstrators did bring traffic to a standstill when they decided to march through the streets and take their protest to the offices of the SBU , the Ukraine Security Services , which is loyal to Kiev . As riot police stood guard at the building entrance , the demonstrators called for the release of Pavel Gubarev , one of the leaders of the pro-Moscow protest movement who was arrested by the SBU on March 6 , for leading a blockade at the regional administration building . There were reports of some property damage , but the demonstration did not escalate further . But it wo n't be an end to the pro-Russian fervor in Donetsk . Police were poised for more of the same with another major rally planned on Sunday in a show of support for the referendum in Crimea . Many in Donetsk want the same .	Protesters mainly pro-Russian in Donetsk , city in eastern Ukraine At Lenin Square , one pro-Ukrainian protester was killed Thursday Tension remain between pro-Russian and pro-Ukraine demonstrators
CNN  -- This week , Giyen Kim , 34 , reached a personal milestone : She has lost 10 pounds since the beginning of the year . Giyen Kim , 34 , has lost 10 pounds since January 1 . She said she feels like it will be easier to lose more weight . This progress feels slow , she said , in comparison with her previous weight loss attempts , which consisted of crash dieting . But she found that those diets were n't sustainable . This time , she 's looking to find a lifestyle she can keep . CNN asked viewers to talk about their New Year 's resolutions on iReport.com and upload photos and videos during their journeys of change . Kim , who lives in Seattle , Washington , is one participant who frequently updates the iReport community with video updates on her progress . iReport.com : Watch Giyen talk about losing weight Reaching this 10-pound milestone , from 190 to 180 pounds , makes her feel as if it will be easier to lose more weight , she said . "  You feel definitely more motivated when you actually quantify it in a number that feels good , " she said . Visit CNNhealth , your connection for better living She does n't feel physically different , but she does notice a change from previous pictures of herself , she said . Her original goal for the year was to get closer to her pre-pregnancy weight of 120 pounds . Kim has had a hard time exercising recently because her uncle , 90 , passed away , and the grieving process has been difficult . But she plans to resume working out soon and wants to take classes at her gym . She also eats one vegan meal every day . Kim felt frustrated earlier this month because her progress felt slow , losing a pound a week . Read about her weight loss journey Often , the initial weight loss will seem the easiest , and then the loss slows somewhat over time , said Tara Gidus , dietician for the Orlando Magic NBA team and owner of Tara Gidus Nutrition Consulting in Orlando , Florida . Exercise is key in speeding things up when you 've reached a plateau , she said . It 's important to find a physical activity that you enjoy doing and to vary the exercise routine -- for example , raising the incline on a treadmill to step up the intensity , she said . Gidus usually recommends losing about 2 pounds a week , or about 5 to 8 pounds a month . At that rate , someone like Kim could lose 50 pounds in six months , she said . A pace faster than that -- such as 10 pounds per month -- would be hard to keep up , Gidus said . People with on weight-loss journeys should have encouragement from friends , family or people in support groups or online communities , she said . Kim certainly has people supporting her in the virtual world : A video she posted a few weeks ago after she 'd lost 4 pounds had more than a dozen motivational comments from others on iReport.com . Watch her video Her next goal is to lose 15 more pounds -- for a total of 25 -- by her birthday , March 24 , and reward herself with a digital single-lens reflex camera , which professional photographers use . "  That 's basically 2 pounds a week , plus 3 more , " she said . "  It 's ambitious , but I really want that camera . "	Giyen Kim , 34 , has lost 10 pounds since January 1 Reaching this milestone makes losing more weight look easier , she said Dietitian : Often , speed of weight loss slows down over time Share your journey to change with iReport.com
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A foundation created by Ray Charles is suing seven of the late singer 's children , accusing them of violating a deal with their father not to claim any rights to his estate . The brewing battle in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles centers on 51 songs written or co-written by Charles . These include "  I Got a Woman , " the hit that brought him to national prominence in 1954 , and "  A Fool For You , " "  Mary Ann " and "  What 'd I Say , " songs that topped the charts early in his career . The Ray Charles Foundation accuses the adult children of sending copyright termination notices to music publishers claiming they owned the songs , which the foundation contends it owns . Their "  improper " claims "  created an enormous cloud " over the songs ' ownership , causing the "  extreme likelihood that the value of these copyrighted assets will be permanently damaged , " the foundation 's suit alleges . Charles created a $ 500,000 trust for each of his 12 children two years before his 2004 death in exchange for agreements from them that they "  relinquished and waived any further claims to their father 's estate , " the lawsuit said . The foundation supports research and education programs for the hearing impaired , as well as youth education programs , the suit said . "  The foundation depends upon the income received from the said intellectual property and contract rights to continue the wishes of Ray Charles , " the suit said . Without the royalties from the music , it could not fund the programs , it said . "  The self-serving attempts on the part of the defendants to deprive the foundation of its said intellectual property and contract rights not only is contrary to the express wishes of their father and in breach of the agreement they signed and promises that they made , but is contrary to the best interests of those innocent parties who would be benefited by the grants made by the foundation , " the suit said . The four daughters and three sons listed in the lawsuit allegedly are trying to exploit a provision in the 1976 federal copyright act that allows copyright holders a one-time opportunity to renegotiate older copyrights , the suit said . Charles renegotiated the copyrights in 1980 , it said . "  Consequently , all of the termination of transfer notices served by the defendants pertaining to those musical compositions for which the 1980 agreement serves as a renegotiation are invalid , " the suit said . Some of the songs were also written as "  work for hire , " which are not subject to copyright renegotiations , it said . The foundation is asking for $ 500,000 in damages from each of the seven children and an order preventing them from claiming any rights to the music . The suit lists Marc Toberoff as the defendants ' lawyer . Notably , he is also the attorney representing the estate of Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel in its copyright battle with Warner Bros. over control of the superhero 's future . Toberoff 's law firm did not immediately respond to a phone call and e-mail from CNN for comment .	The foundation accuses 7 of his children of wrongfully claiming rights to his songs Their "  improper " claims "  created an enormous cloud " over the songs ' value , lawsuit says Foundation : Charles ' children gave rights to his estate in a 2002 deal with their father Controversy involves 51 songs , including "  I Got a Woman , " and "  What 'd I Say "
CNN  -- "  Will & Grace " star Sean Hayes is leading the way again . The openly gay Hayes , who played Jack on the NBC series "  Will & Grace , " is one of the actors credited with helping change perceptions about gay people via that hit show . This fall he is coming back to his former network as the star of "  Sean Saves The World " in which he will play a gay single dad of a teen daughter . But Hayes will not be among as big a crowd of gay leading characters on broadcast television as he would have been had his show premiered last year . Photos : Coming out in Hollywood Last fall TV season a plethora of shows burst onto the small screen with leading gay characters in everything from comedies to musical dramas . Many of those series have since been canceled . Gone are shows like "  The New Normal , " "  Happy Endings , " "  Partners " "  Do n't Trust the B -- in Apt . 23 , " "  Smash , " "  Go On , " and "  Southland . " And it seems to be a bit of irony that while same-sex marriage support has been gaining ground , this year 's fall TV season feels -- at least on the surface -- much less inclusive . "  For a lot of people , even still today , the only LGBT people they actually know are on their screens -- on television or in film , " said Wilson Cruz , an actor and spokesperson for GLAAD . "  So it 's a real opportunity for people to meet LGBT people in the comfort of their homes or the darkness of a theater to have an emotional experience and really understand the lives of LGBT people . " That means that a possible wedding between the characters of Mitchell and Cameron on ABC 's "  Modern Family " in the wake of the Supreme Court striking down the Defense of Marriage Act this summer could have an affect on those who may be still on the fence about same-sex marriage . Photos : Gay celebs who are married or engaged "  Hearing our stories makes it harder for people not to support us when it comes to the ballot box or the politicians that they choose to support , " said Matt Kane , GLAAD 's associate director of Entertainment Media . "  It is important that our stories get out there and TV is one of the best ways to do that . " When NBC 's comedy "  The New Normal " premiered last fall , it was heralded by the LGBT community for its plot about a gay male couple trying to have a baby . David Wiegand , the San Francisco Chronicle 's TV critic , noted that while that show did n't catch on with fans , NBC Entertainment Chairman Bob Greenblatt said at the Television Critics Association summer press tour that he did n't believe the gay characters on the show turned away viewers . Rather , as NBC Entertainment President Jennifer Salke pointed out , audiences are less patient these days in terms of giving a struggling series time to catch on . "  The takeaway for all of this is that in 2013 , there can be a "  New Normal " and it can fail , despite brilliant writing and performances , and there can be a ` Sean Saves the World , ' which may fail or catch hold , " Wiegand wrote . Kane said there are some bright spots in the upcoming broadcast TV season , including returning LGBT characters on shows like "  Glee , " the aforementioned "  Modern Family " and "  Grey 's Anatomy . " He said there is greater racial diversity among LGBT characters this year , including Aisha Hinds as half of an interracial lesbian couple on CBS ' "  Under The Dome " and Andre Braugher portraying a gay police captain on Fox 's new cop comedy "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " starring "  Saturday Night Live " alum Andy Samberg . "  There will also be an increase in the role for Alex Newell on ` Glee ' where he plays the transgendered student ` Unique ' which we 're very excited about as ` Unique ' will become the only trans regular on television , if you do n't count Netflix , " Kane said . GLADD recently put out the Studio Responsibility Index , which found that , with the exception of a handful of movies like "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower " and "  Pitch Perfect , " most big films lack any significant LGBT presence . GLAAD also produces a report , "  Where We Are On TV , " which Cruz said acts as a resource for networks . He said the trend this season will be diversity and GLADD would like to see even more of that as well as a greater variety of gay roles in various genres such as sci-fi . Kane said that is why his organization eagerly awaits ABC 's new series "  Once Upon A Time in Wonderland , " which will feature a gay character . He said diversity of characters goes beyond race and gender and means having gay characters of various ages and socioeconomic backgrounds . "  Our community is as diverse as any other , " Kane said . "  Telling all of those stories is really important . It 's important that we be seen as not just a group of gay , white men . "	Several of the broadcast series featuring gay lead characters have been canceled GLADD spokesman said that for some , the only LGBT people they know are on screen This season there will be diversity among gay TV characters
CNN  -- South Africa has named Caster Semenya , the women 's world 800 meter champion , in their squad for the 2010 Commonwealth Games which will take place in New Delhi , India . The selection -- which was confirmed on the official website of the South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee  SASCOC  -- follows Semenya taking three wins from all three of her recent comeback races following her return to the track in July . Prior to this , the 19-year-old had been forced into an 11-month hiatus from competition after the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  banned her following a urine sample test which revealed high levels of testosterone . The event will mark Semenya 's first participation in international competition since her ban was lifted following gender tests . "  I 'm very happy to see the return of Caster Semenya to duty for South Africa . We have observed her progress closely since the IAAF cleared her to run and it 's good to hear her say that she 's focusing all her efforts on the Commonwealth . "  The fact that she 's unbeaten in her three races thus far and has improved her time on each occasion is good news for our medal effort in New Delhi , " SASCOC president Gideon Sam told the website . Semenya clocked a time of 1:59.90 at the ISTAF meeting in Berlin at the weekend which , though four seconds short of her 1:55.45 personal best , was enough to draw criticism from fellow runners . Diane Cummins of Canada , Great Britain 's Jemma Simpson and Elisa Cusma Piccione of Italy all questioned whether should be allowed to continue to compete in the sport . Cummins -- who finished eighth in race Semenya won on Sunday 's race -- told British newspaper The Daily Telegraph the sport 's governing body needed to think again . "  Unfortunately for Caster , she 's grown up in an environment that is complicated not just for her but for human science . Basically , is she man , is she lady ? What constitutes male , what constitutes female ? " Cummins added : "  Even if she is a female , she 's on the very fringe of the normal athlete female biological composition from what I understand of hormone testing . So , from that perspective , most of us just feel that we are literally running against a man . " Michael Seme , Semenya 's coach , told reporters that the negative comments would not affect his runner . "  It 's up to them to say and do what they want to . For us we do n't say anything . As long as the organizers of these meetings invite us , there is no problem , " he said . The Commonwealth Games take place in the Indian capital from 3-14 October . Elsewhere , German sportswear manufacturer Puma annouced on their website they had completed a record sponsorship deal with 100 and 200 meter world record holder Usain Bolt . The Jamaican sprinter -- who has his own clothing line with the company -- renewed his contract which Puma described as "  by far the largest ever given to a track and field athlete " and which puts "  Bolt among the top-earners across all sports . "	South Africa has named Caster Semenya in their squad for the 2010 Commonwealth Games The women 's world 800 meter champion returned from a IAAF ban in July Fellow athletes have criticized the 19-year-old 's return despite gender tests
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The bitter child support and custody battle between Mel Gibson and Oksana Grigorieva apparently reached a conclusion , with Gibson agreeing in court Wednesday to pay his ex-girlfriend $ 750,000 and share time with their young daughter . The settlement , which was revealed in a Los Angeles courtroom Wednesday , also allows Grigorieva to remain in the home that Gibson has provided her until Lucia , who was born in October 2009 , turns 18 . It then would be sold , with the money going into a trust for their child . "  Lucia was born out of love and she was a planned child , " Grigorieva lawyer Daniel Horowitz said after the hearing . "  They both wanted another child . Oksana wanted a settlement for Lucia 's sake . " The leaks to tabloids and negative statements traded between Gibson and Grigorieva since their separation last year will apparently come to an end . The agreement requires both to stay publicly silent about the other . The former couple with share joint custody of Lucia , splitting the time with her evenly under the agreement . At the height of its bitterness , the battle for Lucia included domestic violence accusations made by each parent against the other . Those were later dropped as negotiations , monitored by a judge , proceeded . Gibson entered a "  no contest " plea in March to a misdemeanor battery charge relating to an incident last year involving Grigorieva . A plea deal put the actor on unsupervised probation for three years and it requires Gibson to complete 52 weeks of anger management counseling . It also allowed him to enter a no contest plea without admitting guilt . HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report .	Gibson and Oksana Grigorieva share a young daughter , Lucia He must pay her $ 750,000 She can live in a home he bought until the child turns 18 Both of them are barred from publicly attacking the other
