At least ten patients have been left permanently blind following botched cataract surgeries at an illegal medical camp in Punjab state , India , health officials say . The operations were carried out at a free , unofficial "  eye camp " at Guru Nanak Charitable Hospital , Ghuman , organized by a non-government organization , Amritsar 's deputy commissioner Ravi Bhagat told CNN . Sixty-two people , mostly of them aged over 60 , had undergone cataract surgery at the camp , held on November 4-5 , Anil Joshi , Punjab 's Minister for Local Bodies , Medical Education and Research told CNN . Seventeen later complained of severe pain in their eyes , he said , and had subsequently been treated at an eye clinic at Amritsar 's Government Medical College . Dr Karamjit Singh , an ENT specialist at Government Medical College who is now working to help the affected patients , said that of the 17 who approached the deputy commissioner with complaints on December 3 , 10 were now permanently blind . Three patients were receiving treatment -- one of whom regained their sight -- while four had left the hospital for personal reasons , despite their eyes being in very poor condition . Singh said the infections could have been caused unsterilized instruments or eyedrops , and it would be very hard to restore sight to those affected . Officials have launched an inquiry into the camp , and were trying to trace everyone who was operated on so they could be assessed by Singh , said Joshi . Medical camps , often run by non-government organizations , are commonplace in India , helping to bring healthcare to many poor people in rural areas who would otherwise be deprived of their services . They are usually approved by the Department of Health and Welfare . But Bhagat said that no such permissions had been granted to the eye camp , and its operations were illegal . He said a police report had been filed against the NGO and the doctors involved on the grounds of negligence , and other medical camps in the city had been told to halt operations while their permissions were reviewed . India 's health sector has come in for harsh scrutiny in the wake of a rash of recent incidents in surgery camps . Earlier this week , officials in Odisha state announced an investigation after bicycle pumps were used to inflate the abdomens of 56 women undergoing sterilization surgery at a government-run community health center . And last month , a surgeon was arrested on charges of negligence and attempted culpable homicide in the deaths of a dozen women who had undergone sterilization operations at a mobile clinic in Chhattisgarh . READ MORE : Indian sterilization clinics under scrutiny after bike pump used on patients READ MORE : Sterilization program under fire after patient deaths	At least 10 patients have been blinded by botched cataract surgery at a free "  eye camp " in India Officials say the camp was illegal and a police report has been filed against organizers Free health camps are commonplace in India , bringing healthcare to poor rural people But a rash of recent incidents has brought the camps under increased scrutiny
CNN  -- It 's a crisp November morning and Slava Polunin is paddling his way down an idyllic river -- in a floating bed . The 63-year-old Russian is n't escaping some sort of natural disaster . Instead , the white-haired man with bulging red nose and yellow raincoat is doing what clowns do best -- making us laugh . "  The art of clowning is filled with fantasy and absurdity -- a collision of the incompatible , " he says , speaking from his surreal fairytale home outside of Paris . "  It 's a way to create a new world , rather than repeat the existing one . For example , rather than making your way out through the door , you would make your way out through the window , as it 's closer to the tram stop . " Polunin is one of the most famous clowns working in the world today , winning an Olivier Award for his ethereal Snow Show , and performing in 50 countries across the globe in a remarkable career that began in Soviet Russia four decades ago . Fantasy land Stepping inside Polunin 's rambling home is like walking into a dream -- staircases melt into the walls , a psychedelic caravan parked out front beckons the visitor inside , and childlike murals swirl on every surface . Indeed , there 's barely a right angle in sight in the dizzying house of rainbow , folk-inspired knick-knacks . Windows of every shape and size give a glimpse to the lush gardens outside -- not to mention the emerald river with an iron bed boat moored to its banks . It 's a place to feed Polunin 's imagination , which in recent years has helped revolutionize the world of clowning -- transporting it from the big top to the theater stage . Rather than the buffoonery of the circus , Polunin 's clown is a more thoughtful , poetic character , with a minimalist style . "  At the beginning of my career , my clowning was filled with movement , like a child , when you are filled with so much energy that you think you could jump to the sky , " he said . "  Today my perception of clowning is that you should be able to move just one centimeter and get a reaction from the audience as if you moved an entire mountain . " Childlike Chaplin It was watching Charlie Chaplin film "  The Kid " on TV as a seven-year-old growing up in Soviet Russia , that Polunin first decided to make a career out of clowning . "  My mom turned the TV off because it was time for me to go to bed , and I cried all night as I wanted to know what would happen next in the movie , " he said . "  The next day , when I was about to leave for school , I thought : ' I have to wear something similar to Charlie Chaplin . ' So I took my father 's boots , hat and a cane and went to school . I made my friends laugh for the entire evening . " Read this : ` Perfectionist ' Chaplin demanded 342 takes for one movie scene Polunin was fascinated by the way movement could convey emotion , and studied dances from across the world -- everything from Japan 's surreal Butoh performances , to rock 'n roll , and tango . He even analyzed the way Disney cartoon characters held certain poses . "  In order to learn how to move as a clown , I imitate the way kids , insane people , drunkards and animals move , " he said . "  These movements are not limited by intellect . "  The perfect example is to see a child playing on a playground , or running around a forest -- this is how humankind used to be originally -- genuine and excited . These movements evoke a desire to follow . " Provocative performer Polunin performed on state television throughout the 1970s and 1980s , using his wordless routines to mock the authorities without falling foul of draconian censorship . "  During Soviet times , when Brezhnev was still in power and there was no freedom of speech and expression , I came up with idea of movements without any words to express your personality , " he said . "  This idea became massively popular , because I was saying important things without actually saying them . " Polunin became one of the country 's best known clowns , later creating the "  Academy of Fools , " an international organization uniting clowns , and the "  Caravan of the World , " a traveling theater that meandered from Red Square in Moscow to Paris 's Tuileries Gardens . Universal language Of course , not every country has the same sense of humor , and Polunin must alter his shows depending on where in the world he 's performing . Americans prefer a faster pace . The Spanish more passion . The French more poetry . And the British seem quite happy for him to stand still for 10 seconds or more . "  I feel very happy when I discover something new on stage , " said Polunin . "  For example , you perform in China and realize that everything you have done in Europe does not work with a Chinese audience . "  So you start searching , improvising and suddenly you hear a laughter . You wonder why this laughter happened , so you start to dig into those movements . Every culture has its own aspects of movement . " Polunin seems determined to explore them all . Watch : The magic of mime Watch : Equine star comes to life on stage Matthew Ponsford contributed to this report .	Meet Russian Slava Polunin , one of the world 's most famous clowns Performer 's home is a fantasy land of psychedelic architecture and furniture Winner of Olivier Award revolutionized clowning for a modern age Inspired by dancing from across the globe , including Butoh , rock 'n roll , tango
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A suicide bomber killed at least 40 people and injured 70 -- many of them women -- during a Shia pilgrimage in northwestern Baghdad Sunday , Iraqi officials told CNN . Pilgrims , pictured above , have gathered to celebrate the Shia holy period of Ashura . The dead included at least 16 Iranians who had come to mark the Shia holy period of Ashura , which commemorates a central event in the history of the movement . At least 32 Iranians were among the wounded . The other casualties were Iraqi , an Interior Ministry official said . The bomber was a woman wearing an abaya , a robe-like dress , said Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , military spokesman for Fardh al-Qanoon , an interagency domestic security body . She seems to have been targeting women , Atta and an interior ministry source said . The Interior Ministry official declined to be identified . The attack appears to be the single deadliest suicide bombing in Iraq since a bomber killed 47 people in Kirkuk in December 11 . It took place in Baghdad 's Kadhimiya neighborhood , not far from the Imam Moussa al-Kadhim holy shrine . Hundreds of thousands of Shiite pilgrims are expected in Baghdad and the southern Iraqi city of Karbala for Ashura , which falls on January 7 this year . Ashura commemorates the martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Muhammad . He was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 , one of the events that helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad contributed to this report .	Suicide bomber kills at least 40 people and injures 70 in Baghdad Dead included many Iranians who were marking Shia holy period of Ashura The bomber was a woman wearing an abaya , a robe-like dress , official says
CNN  -- If every end results in a new beginning , then the start of the next race for the White House begins now . With the midterm elections barely behind them , the dozen or more possible contenders for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination no longer have to keep up the charade that all of their activity on the campaign trail over the past couple of months was solely about helping fellow Republicans this year and had nothing to do with the next race for the White House . Among those considering presidential bids who were criss-crossing the country were Mississippi governor and Republican Governors Association chairman Haley Barbour , who made a five-day , 13-state swing in support of GOP gubernatorial candidates ; former Massachusetts governor and 2008 GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , who campaigned for Republicans in 25 states since August ; Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , who made a seven-day eight-state tour ; and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who finished up a 12-state , two-week tour . Other potential White House hopefuls on the campaign trail this fall for fellow Republicans : Sen. John Thune of South Dakota ; former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania ; former Arkansas governor and 2008 GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee , now a talk-show host ; Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana ; Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , who also ran for his party 's last presidential nomination ; and former Alaska governor and 2008 vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin . For those thinking about bidding for the White House , the midterms served partially as a pregame show . "  Potential 2012 candidates can point to their 2010 travel and fundraising efforts when they 're asked ` Where were you when we needed you ? ' by elected Republicans and activists whose support they 're courting in caucuses and primaries just over a year from now , " says Kevin Madden , a Republican strategist who was national press secretary for Romney 's 2008 presidential campaign . So does the end of the 2010 election cycle mean that those interested in running for the White House will immediately launch bids ? Yes and no . Many of the bigger names who may announce a bid for the presidency have said they wo n't decide on a White House run until early next year . But some of the lesser-known candidates may launch exploratory committees soon after the midterms , as some did in the last cycle . And get ready for a pickup in the frequency of 2012 presidential polling . "  We all probably agree it will be too soon to start speculating about 2012 starting on November 3 , but that wo n't stop folks from doing it anyway , " Madden said . While many Republican hopefuls may not immediately declare themselves as candidates , what will be felt immediately in the battle for the GOP presidential nomination is the effect of the Tea Party movement . "  Hard-charging Tea Party candidates came out of nowhere , beat out establishment GOP candidates in the primaries , and won general election contests . That 's a wake-up call for Republican establishment candidates for president , " says CNN contributor and Republican strategist Alex Castellanos . While the Tea Party added energy and enthusiasm to the GOP , it may have also changed the way the Republicans choose their presidential nominee . "  We always pick the guy who ran last time and nearly won . The election may have turned that dynamic on its head , " Castellanos said . Follow Paul Steinhauser on Twitter : @Psteinhausercnn	Contenders for 2012 GOP presidential nomination no longer have to keep up a charade For those thinking about running , the midterms served as a pregame show Bigger names say they wo n't decide whether to run until early next year
CNN  -- For nearly 20 days , Louise Troh has had to endure tremendous fear , grief and isolation . When told of the death of her fiancee , Thomas Eric Duncan -- the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States -- she fell to the ground . The man giving her the news could n't even console her with a hug . But day 21 is Monday : The day the quarantine period is expected to come to an end for Troh , her son and two nephews . If the four do not develop symptoms by Monday , they will have managed to not contract Ebola despite being in close proximity to Duncan . "  We are so happy this is coming to an end , and we are so grateful that none of us has shown any sign of illness , " Troh said in a statement on Sunday . "  We have lost so much , but we have our lives and we have our faith in God , which always gives us hope . " Mark Wingfield , an associate pastor at Wilshire Baptist Church , told CNN that Troh will not be doing interviews at this time , but plans to write a book about her experience . "  They feel like this is a tremendous miracle that 's happened , " Wingfield said . "  This is a long-awaited day of celebration . " Tears shed for Duncan On Saturday , loved ones honored Duncan 's memory in North Carolina , where his mother lives . In a memorial service at Rowan International Church in Salisbury , his nephew Josephus Weeks and others eulogized Duncan as a kind , compassionate man . Weeks said he wished Duncan would be remembered for his acts of kindness "  as opposed to the person who brought this disease to America , because he did n't know he was sick . " Duncan 's willingness to help others may have led to his death at age 42 . Former neighbors in Monrovia , Liberia , have said he may have contracted Ebola while rushing to the aid of a woman who collapsed under duress from the disease . She was pregnant , and Duncan did not know she was sick , they said . "  We continue to mourn his loss and grieve the circumstances that led to his death , just at the time we thought we were facing a happy future together , " Troh said . "  Even though the quarantine is over , our time of mourning is not over . " A quick-strike team The U.S. military is forming a 30-person "  quick-strike team " equipped to provide direct treatment to Ebola patients inside the United States , a Defense Department official told CNN 's Barbara Starr on Sunday . A Pentagon spokesman later confirmed portions of the official 's information . The team will be under orders to deploy within 72 hours at any time over the next month , the official said . The Department of Health and Human Services requested the military team , and the Pentagon has given verbal approval , the official said . The team will include five doctors , 20 nurses and five trainers , Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said in a statement . The Pentagon has been working to determine what assistance it could offer the civilian health care sector following a White House meeting last week during which President Barack Obama said he wanted a more aggressive response , according to two Defense officials . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered chief of the Northern Command , Gen. Chuck Jacoby , "  to prepare and train a 30-person expeditionary medical support team that could , if required , provide short-notice assistance to civilian medical professionals in the United States , " Kirby said . Jacoby is already working with the military on the joint team , Kirby said , and once formed , it will head to Fort Sam Houston in Texas for up to seven days of training in infection control and personal protective equipment . The training , provided by the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases , will begin "  within the next week or so , " Kirby said . The team will remain in "  prepare-to-deploy " status for 30 days , he said . It will be able to respond anywhere in the U.S. if "  deemed prudent by our public health professionals , " he said . Cruise passenger cleared Sunday 's news out of the Pentagon came as a cruise ship plowed through the waters of a Texas port with precious cargo on board -- the end of a small Ebola scare . A passenger had been loosely linked to the only patient to die from the disease in the United States , but health authorities cleared her after an odyssey at sea . After voluntarily isolating herself in her cabin , she remained symptom-free , and her lab tests looked good , the Galveston County Health Authority said . She and a travel partner were allowed to disembark . The drama goes back to the woman 's work as a lab supervisor at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas , the center of a maelstrom of Ebola fears in the United States . It 's where Liberian patient Duncan was misdiagnosed and later died , and where two nurses became the first people to contract Ebola in America . Seventy-five health workers and 48 people in the community are under monitoring after coming into contact with Duncan . There are hopeful signs that some of the Ebola contagion scare in the United States could be winding down . Of the four patients being treated , at least two appear to be making a recovery . And the monitoring period for the 48 community members ends at midnight Sunday night , according to Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins , who is overseeing response efforts in Dallas . "  Thankfully they are all asymptomatic , and it looks like none of them will get Ebola , " Jenkins said , expressing hope that they would be welcomed home with no issues . "  The community needs to reach out and envelop them in compassion and acceptance because we can not have the community stigmatizing people . ... They have been through a terrible ordeal . " As for the other 75 people , they are in Day 11 of 21 since Duncan 's death and Jenkins said , "  Today is a crucial day for them because is one of the last high-likelihood days that we will see more cases . " The cruise ship incident and a second travel scare came about in a bureaucratic loophole . In an abundance of caution to avoid any possible spread of the Ebola virus , about 50 people associated with Texas Health Presbyterian have signed a document legally restricting where they can go until they are cleared of Ebola . But before the voluntary travel ban existed , the lab supervisor and a nurse , who later came down with Ebola , went on trips and triggered hefty responses . The lab worker had had no direct contact with Duncan but may have handled one of his lab specimens . A doctor on board the ship observed her to make sure she was symptom-free as the incubation period within which the disease would manifest itself approached its end . The other travel scare was set off by one of the nurses who contracted Ebola after treating Duncan . Before her illness was apparent , Amber Vinson took a Frontier Airlines flight to Cleveland , then a flight back to Dallas . There were 132 people on Vinson 's flight . After her contagion became known , the air carrier reached out to some 800 passengers out of an abundance of caution , advising them to contact the CDC . Frontier Airlines also took the plane out of service temporarily . Anthony Fauci , head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , told CNN on Sunday that he did n't know much about Vinson 's condition , but he said Nina Pham , the other Dallas nurse who contracted the illness , was in fair condition and doing "  fine . " Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? Hospital apologizes On Sunday , Texas Health Presbyterian took out a full-page newspaper ad , once again offering an apology . The open letter from Texas Health Resources CEO Barclay Berdan appeared in the Sunday editions of the Dallas Morning News and Fort Worth Star-Telegram . "  As an institution , we made mistakes in handling this very difficult challenge , " Berdan wrote . The hospital is analyzing the errors and will make changes , he said . The turmoil started in September , when Duncan went to the hospital with Ebola symptoms , and health care workers initially sent him home with antibiotics . They recorded his travel history to West Africa , where a raging Ebola outbreak has killed more than 4,500 people . But they did n't give that detail the necessary attention , the hospital said . WHO to review Ebola response amid criticism CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Tom Dunlavey and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Louise Troh releases statement as her quarantine is set to end General already working to form Ebola "  quick-strike team , " Pentagon says Texas Health Resources CEO admits to mistakes , says hospital is sorry Cruise ship involved in contagion scare arrives back in Texas on Sunday
CNN  -- A day after an explosion rocked its offices in Mexico City , Mexico 's state-run oil giant Pemex says it 's too early to speculate on the cause of the deadly blast . At least 33 people -- mostly women -- were killed in the explosion , Pemex chief Emilio Lozoya said at a news conference Friday . More than 100 were injured , including 52 who remain hospitalized . Watch : Blast rocks Mexico City Lozoya was asked if he believed Pemex , the powerful but often criticized state oil monopoly , was the target of a bombing , but he declined to speculate . Experts from Mexico and abroad are investigating the scene to determine the cause , he said . Mexican Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam similarly refused to rule out possibilities . "  We have experts in everything , absolutely everything , " he told reporters , adding that investigations are under way to determine whether the blast was the result of an accident or an attack . Some witnesses have reported smelling a strong odor of gas after the blast . It is a complicated investigation that "  can not be explained in a few hours , " Lozoya said . The priority , Lozoya said , is providing support to the victims ' families and rescuing anyone who may remain trapped . Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto visited victims in the hospital Friday , offering condolences and promising help . The explosion happened Thursday afternoon at an administrative building in the Pemex office complex . "  People were screaming . ... You could see pieces of the wall falling to the ground , " said Joaquin Borrell Valenzuela , an attorney for the Pemex comptroller 's office , who was in a courtyard outside the building at the time of the blast . Paramedics quickly arrived and started pulling people from the rubble . Thousands of people work at the Pemex headquarters , which includes a 54-story building that is nearly 700 feet tall . The annex where the explosion happened is adjacent to the tower . The oil company 's production capabilities have not been harmed , and operations and oil production will continue Friday as normal , Lozoya said . Employees at the Pemex annex said that the basement of the building , where he explosion is believed to have originated , housed a water treatment facility , storage areas and archives . The first floor , which also was heavily damaged , is where the company 's human resources team worked . One employee , Silvia Hernandez , recounted how she was finishing up her workday at another building and standing in line to clock out when she heard a blast . "  I saw the explosion of glass , people bleeding ; it was something very shocking , " she said . "  I ca n't say more because the memory makes me nervous . I was terrified , anxious . " A bridge that connected her building with the annex collapsed , likely trapping employees , she said . Another employee , who declined to give his name for fear of retribution , spoke about his failed attempt to locate his brother within the rubble . The man smoked cigarette after cigarette in the predawn hours of Friday as he waited at the medical examiner 's office to claim his brother 's body . More than 100 relatives waited outside the offices with him . The man said he was among the employees who began rescue efforts in the immediate aftermath of the explosion . He knew his brother worked in the human resources area , which had been damaged , so the man covered his face with a rag and ran there to search for him . The man said he removed debris and helped rescue others , but never reached his brother . By then , professional rescuers arrived and took over the job of looking for survivors . CNNMexico 's Juan Pablo Mayorga and Arturo AscenciÃ ³ n contributed to this report .	NEW : The country 's attorney general similarly refuses to rule out possibilities NEW : President Enrique Pena Nieto visits victims in the hospital The death toll rises to 33 Employee : "  I saw the explosion of glass , people bleeding ; ... I was terrified "
Health.com  -- Miranda Lambert may have forgotten to thank her fiancé , fellow country music star Blake Shelton , when she won her first Grammy this February . But when we caught up with the 27-year-old star on her tour , Blake was top of mind . In fact , the Texas native was thrilled to chat about everything , from her energy secrets to how she 's getting into peak shape to swap "  I do 's " with Blake this month . Q : You 're in Evansville , Indiana , now . Do you ever get confused about which city you 're in ? A : Yes ! They usually write where we are on the set list , because I 've made the mistake of saying the wrong state before . I was like , "  Hello , Ohio ! " And they just kind of looked at me like my head was on fire . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- Q : And how do you keep your energy up on stage ? A : I eat a lot of protein and eat pretty clean . Junk food drags you down . I try not to have anything less than two hours before I go on stage , because I do n't want to be up there all bloated . I basically have a grilled-chicken salad after the show , and that fills me up . Health.com : 9 low-cal chicken salad recipes Q : You have a trainer with you on the road , right ? A : Yeah , I wanted to get in better shape and wanted to keep it going for the wedding . We do a lot of circuit training , lunges , and crunches . And every morning we walk for 30 minutes . Q : Your parents were private eyes who ran an agency from home . It sounds like a TV show ! A : It does . But to us -LSB- back then -RSB- , it was just my parents ' job . I did surveillance a lot , which sounds exciting , but it never was . If there was no babysitter , I 'd have to go , and my brother and I would just lie in the backseat and color for 15 hours while my mom watched the house . Q : Did you know what your parents were doing , exactly ? A : In a way , I had such a normal life . But in another way , I saw things most kids do n't see . Our dinner conversations were n't about school and homework ; they were about child custody cases or divorce . When I was a teenager , my parents took in victims of domestic abuse , which was definitely eye-opening . I had to share my room with a woman and her kids who had been abused . Health.com : 8 reasons to make time for family dinner Q : What was the healthiest thing about your childhood ? A : We had a farm and a garden , and for about two years we literally lived off the land . We raised rabbits and chickens , and also had our own hogs that we slaughtered . We did n't really go to the store for anything besides milk . My mom would say , "  Go pick out what you want for dinner , " and we 'd go in the garden and get whatever vegetables we wanted . It was really old-school and really awesome . Q : Was it hard slaughtering animals that were your pets ? A : Dad would give us two rabbits as our pets , or we 'd have one pig we could name . They explained that not every animal was a pet -- some were providing for our family . It sounds weird to other people , but I look at it like , there are some animals you feed and some animals that feed you . Q : Are you a good cook ? A : -LSB- Blake and I are -RSB- both pretty good . We have a lot of catfish , and everybody knows the best way to eat catfish is fried . I tried to be healthy and bake it once , which was horrible . We ordered a pizza ! Health.com : 13 easy pizza recipes Q : How did you know that Blake was the one ? A : The first day I met him , I knew he was really special . We balance each other out . He 's constantly joking , and I 'm more serious . He can make me laugh at any point . Especially when I 'm trying to be mad , he 'll go , "  Are we in a fight ? " And then I 'll start laughing and go , "  I guess not now . " Q : He must understand the pressure of being in the public eye . It 's not enough anymore to just be a singer -- you have to look great , too . Is that tough ? A : Absolutely . The bigger you get , the more pressure you have to deal with . The hard part is I 'm a normal-size girl , and I 'm fine with that . All these stars are so tiny , and they spend their lives trying to be skinny . I want to look my best , but I 'm not a model . I 'm not an actress . I 'm representing normal girls . It 's OK to have a little bit of curve . I 'm happy with my body . So many girls come up to me and say , "  Thank you for being normal , " and I 'm proud of that . Health.com : Find your feel great weight Q : Do you guys want kids ? A : We have seven dogs , so we 're just taking care of them . They 're all rescues , and all crazy-looking . Every animal is named after a song or an artist -- Delta , Delilah , Cher , Jessi , Waylon , Virginia Bluebell , and Black Betty . We have so much going on right now , we 're gon na wait awhile . The dogs are really good birth control ! Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Lambert eats a lot of protein to stay energized on the road Lambert and fiance Blake Shelton have seven dogs , no time for kids "  The hard part is I 'm a normal-size girl , and I 'm fine with that , " Lambert says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A nurse who administered propofol to Michael Jackson more than a dozen times said the pop star did not appear to be a drug-seeker . David Fournier was called as a witness Thursday by AEG Live in an effort to convince jurors that Jackson was so deceptive and secretive about his drug use that its executives had no way of knowing his health was in danger as he prepared for his comeback concerts . An economist hired by the concert promoter 's lawyers will testify Friday in an effort to downplay how much money Jackson might have earned had he not died at age 50 -- an important issue if the jury decides AEG Live is liable in his death . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children contend the company negligently hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in his death -- which the coroner ruled was caused by an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . AEG Live argues that Jackson chose and controlled Dr. Conrad Murray , who told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his insomnia . Fournier , a certified nurse anesthetist , testified about an incident on June 3 , 2003 in which Jackson stopped breathing while under sedation for a procedure with Beverly Hills dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein . After Jackson suffered a "  somewhat bizarre reaction " during the sedation , Klein told Fournier it might be because the singer had an "  opioid antagonist " implant . It was intended to help treat a dependence on Demerol , he said . "  You expect your clients and doctors be honest with you and I felt ambushed and was upset , " Fournier testified . The nurse said it made him angry at both Klein and Jackson . AEG Live lawyers hope jurors see the incident as evidence that Jackson was dishonest about his drug use , which would support their contention that their executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was getting from Murray . Fournier also testified that Jackson failed to follow his instructions in two instances after being sedated for procedures . Jackson went to a Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurant for a bucket of chicken instead of going home and eating crackers , he testified . Another time he went to a rehearsal for a Grammy show performance and sprained his ankle , he said . Every instance where Jackson was given propofol was medically justified , Fournier said . The 14 times he administered it between 2000 and 2003 involved plastic surgeries , dermatological procedures and oral surgeries , he said . He first sedated Jackson in 1993 when he was being treated for serious scalp burns suffered while filming a Pepsi commercial several years earlier , he said . Some of the 25 times he was hired to assist with Jackson 's procedures no drugs were given , he said . He would just hold his hand and assure him it would be all right . Jackson never asked for specific drugs and never quarreled with him , he said . All of the doctors who treated him were respected physicians , he said . Fournier 's friendly relationship with Jackson ended in November 2003 when he canceled a procedure because Jackson was "  a little goofy , a little slow to respond . " Fournier said he refused to sedate Jackson because he suspected he was lying to him about his use of drugs . "  Despite 10 years of good quality care and taking good care of him for a long period of time , he never called me , " he said . AEG Live 's lead lawyer has said he would call as witnesses "  many , many , doctors " who have treated Jackson to make their case that he was a secretive drug addict . The trial in a Los Angeles court concludes its 13th week Friday and is expected to last into September .	Nurse David Fournier gave Jackson propofol 14 times in 3 years The sedations were for plastic surgeries , dermatological procedures and oral surgeries , he said Jackson never asked for specific drugs and never quarreled with him , Fournier says AEG Live 's lead lawyer has said he would call "  many , many , doctors " as witnesses
London , England  CNN  -- A law banning the use , production , and stockpiling of cluster munitions came into effect Thursday in Britain . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown urged other countries to enact similar legislation , saying a global ban is needed to fight such "  cruel and indiscriminate weaponry . " The Cluster Munitions  Prohibitions  Act received royal assent Thursday after it passed through both houses of Parliament . "  Cluster munitions cause immense suffering to civilians caught in conflict zones , and leave a deadly post-conflict legacy for future generations , " Brown said in a statement . "  I am hugely proud that with this bill receiving royal assent , Britain is leading the world in banning the use of these munitions and moving to end the harm they cause . " The act also bans direct financing of cluster munitions production . The British government has already said it plans to work with the financial sector , non-governmental organizations and others on a voluntary code of conduct to prevent indirect financing of the weapons . Cluster munitions , which break apart in flight to scatter hundreds of smaller bomblets , are described by the International Committee of the Red Cross as a "  persistent humanitarian problem . " Most of a device 's bomblets are meant to explode on impact , but many do not . Credible estimates show the weapons fail between 10 percent and 40 percent of the time , leaving civilians at risk of harm from unexploded ordnance , the ICRC says . During the 34-day war in Lebanon in 2006 , the United Nations estimated that Israel dropped 4 million bomblets , 1 million of which may not have exploded , according to the ICRC . More than 250 civilians and bomb-disposal operators have been killed or injured by them in southern Lebanon since the war ended . Cluster bombs were also used in the 1999 war in Kosovo . In more than 20 countries , according to the ICRC , cluster bombs have created lasting "  no-go " areas , rendering them as dangerous as minefields . Laos is the most affected country , where millions of bomblets dropped during the Vietnam War continue to kill civilians more than three decades later . Britain is among 104 nations that have agreed to a treaty banning all cluster bombs . Thirty of those nations have ratified it , and Brown said he hoped passage of the new law would pave the way to U.K. ratification of the ban . Four of the world 's biggest cluster bomb makers -- Russia , China , Israel and the United States -- have not signed the ban , claiming the devices are a vital part of their defense strategy . "  We want all other users and producers of these munitions around the world to follow in our footsteps , " said Brown . "  We want nothing less than a full global ban on cluster munitions , with all countries signing up to the international convention . There can be no place in the international community for cruel and indiscriminate weaponry such as cluster bombs . " In addition to calling for a total , immediate ban of the weapons , the treaty calls for strong standards to protect those injured . It urges that contaminated areas be cleaned up quickly and weapons immediately destroyed , the Cluster Munition Coalition has said . The agreement , due to come into force in August , also requires the destruction of stockpiles of the weapons within eight years , the coalition has said	New UK law bans use , production , and stockpiling of cluster munitions Cluster bombs break apart in flight scattering hundreds of smaller bomblets ICRC describes bombs as a "  persistent humanitarian problem " 104 countries have agreed to a treaty banning all cluster bombs
CNN  -- If it were not for the powerful stench and desperate shouts emanating from the wire cages , the men sitting in rows , each wearing a white skull cap , look like they could be at a prayer meeting . But for the 276 Rohingya men sitting on the floor of two cells designed to hold just 15 people each , their situation is about as far away from a mosque as it gets -- that was the scene , vividly described and shown in an a report by British news network and CNN affiliate , Channel 4 . Appearing to have barely enough room to sit , some of the men reportedly had swollen feet and withered leg muscles from a lack of exercise and had not moved from the cage in five months . According to a new report from Human Rights Watch  HRW  , the men are among 1,700 ethnic Rohingya from Myanmar -- formerly known as Burma -- who are being held in appalling conditions in Thai immigration detention centers in Thailand 's Phang Nga province and filmed secretly by the news team from Channel 4 . Tens of thousands of ethnic Rohingya from Myanmar 's Arakan State have already fled persecution amid ongoing sectarian violence between the majority Buddhist Arakanese and the Muslim Rohingya . Many flee in small , unseaworthy boats arriving in Malaysia , Indonesia and Thailand . Some never make it to their destinations . Last month , a boat carrying about 100 Rohingya capsized off western Myanmar and at least 50 were feared drowned . HRW says the overcrowded conditions are part of an unsanctioned policy of deterring Rohingya from seeking asylum in Thailand . Q&A : What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ? "  I think that the Thai policy is all about saying to the Rohingya , ` Hey , if you land in Thailand you 're not going to have an easy time of it ' , " Phil Robertson , deputy director of the Asia division of HRW , told CNN . "  By putting people in detention centers in these appalling conditions the Thai government is effectively saying come here at your own peril . " OPINION : Two-child policy in Myanmar will increase bloodshed HRW says Thai immigration officials have not permitted UNHCR , the United Nations ' refugee agency , to conduct refugee status determination screenings and have split up the Rohingya families with women and children sent to government-run shelters . According to the Channel 4 report , while the women and children are held in better conditions than the men , they often have no information about the status or even whereabouts of their partners . "  The government should immediately allow them to pursue their asylum claims with the UN refugee agency , " said HRW Asia director Brad Adams , adding that under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , everyone has the right to seek asylum from persecution . HRW also claimed that under Thailand 's "  help on " policy -- whereby Thai Navy vessels that intercept Rohingya boats supply them with fuel and provisions on condition the boats sail onward to Malaysia and Indonesia -- Rohingya were being put at further risk . "  Thai authorities should provide temporary protection to Rohingya and scrap the ` help on ' policy that places these asylum seekers in harm 's way , " Adams said . "  The government should help Rohingya who escape from oppression and hardship in Burma -- not worsen their plight . " But Manasvi Srisodapol , spokesman for the Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs , told CNN that Thai authorities were fully aware of and concerned about overcrowding at its existing immigration facilities . "  Since January , various groups of Rohingyas have been placed under the care of various immigration and detention centers and government shelters across Thailand , that notwithstanding , alternative arrangements are being identified as a matter of priority to address the issue of overcrowding , as well as in reuniting those Rohingyas with their family members . " He denied the government was not cooperating with international bodies over the issue , saying the government was working in close partnership with humanitarian agencies such as the UNHCR , UNICEF and the ICRC to provide temporary assistance to the refugees . He added that their asylum rights would be fully respected . "  Thailand has not been denying anyone , their basic human rights , he said . "  In fact Thailand is providing temporary assistance and shelters in spite the fact that these Rohingyas are illegal migrants . Furthermore , international organizations such as UNHCR , ICRC , IOM and UNICEF have access to these people on the regular basis . " Thailand 's Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra agreed in January to permit Rohingya arriving by boat in Thailand to stay temporarily , initially for six months , until they could be safely repatriated or resettled in a third country . "  The Thai government is in close cooperation with various countries and international organizations to find a durable solution for the Rohingyas , " said Srisodapol . "  The six-month period announced in January is a tentative time frame and we are examining various possibilities . " Critics fear that if the Thai government is unable to find a third country that would accept the asylum seekers , then Thailand may deport the Rohingya back to Myanmar where they would undoubtedly face persecution . CNN 's Kocha Olarn in Bangkok contributed to this report .	News team secretly film desperate condition of Rohingya asylum seekers in Thailand 276 Rohingya men sit cross legged on the floor of two cells designed to hold just 15 people eac Men are among 1,700 ethnic Rohingya from Myanmar who are being held in appalling conditions Each year , tens of thousands ethnic Rohingya from Myanmar 's Arakan State flee persecution
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Nestle , one of the world 's largest food companies , has reopened its factory in Zimbabwe after receiving assurances from the government that its business will not be interfered with again , an official with the Swiss-based company said Tuesday . The company shut its Harare factory last month , complaining of harassment by authorities after it refused to take milk supplies from a farm that had been taken over by President Robert Mugabe 's family as part of his controversial land reform program . "  On the basis of the written assurances given by the Minister of Industry and Commerce of Zimbabwe to guarantee the security of Nestle management and staff and not to interfere in the company 's operating processes , Nestle decided to restart the activities at its Harare factory , " said Brinda Chiniah with Nestle Equatorial African Region 's corporate communications department . "  The company reiterates its commitment to source milk exclusively from its contracted farmers , " Chiniah 's statement added . Minister of industry and commerce of Zimbabwe , Welshman Ncube , confirmed that he held meetings with Nestle management . "  I was assigned by my superiors to have meetings with them , and I assured them that their concerns will be addressed . We can not afford to lose investors at this stage when we are rebuilding the economy , " Ncube said . The Nestle shutdown was seen by many as a setback to the country 's efforts to attract foreign investors to help shore up its battered economy . Operations were under way as normal at the Nestle plant in Harare on Tuesday . Nestle said last month its decision to shut the facility was prompted by an unannounced visit from government officials and police December 19 , after which the firm was forced to accept a milk delivery from non-contracted suppliers . Two of its managers , including expatriate managing director Heath Tilley , were questioned by police and released without charge the same day . Chiniah said Nestle had been in Zimbabwe for 50 years and employs more than 200 people in the southern African nation , adding that the company was "  working with the population of Zimbabwe and striving to maintain a long-term viable operation in often challenging conditions . "  We operate in Zimbabwe , as we do in every country , through good times and bad . We work for the long-term , in a way which has positive impact on our consumers , employees and suppliers , " Chiniah said . Nestle stopped buying milk from Gushungo Dairy Estate , owned by Mugabe 's family , in October , following international criticism of a deal it had agreed to earlier in the year to use the farm as a supplier . The farm had been seized under Mugabe 's controversial land reform program , which targets mainly the properties of white farmers . Critics say Mugabe 's seizure of white-owned commercial farms to resettle landless black Zimbabweans -- who have no farming experience -- has ruined the country 's once-prosperous economy . Mugabe , in power since independence from Great Britain in 1980 , denies the charge , and says the economic crisis is due to sanctions imposed by Western nations in response to his land reform .	Factory had refused to take milk from Mugabe family farm Nestle says Mugabe government has pledged not to interfere with business Factory employs more than 200 people
London  CNN  -- L'Oreal harnessed the French reputation for elegance to become a global cosmetics giant -- and the company 's CEO says European economies should apply similar logic to escape their current woes . Jean-Paul Agon , L'Oreal 's chair and chief executive , said European countries need to identify areas of expertise to succeed in the global marketplace -- just like companies . "  You have to specialize yourself in some areas where you are going to be -LSB- in -RSB- the top league worldwide , " he said . European countries had great potential if they could only find their niche , he added . "  Europe could be rich  given  the diversity of its countries , the diversity of its expertise , as long as each country is able to maximize its success , its potential in its own field . " Agon has worked for L'Oreal since joining the company in 1978 , with stints heading its operations in Greece and Germany -- an experience he said had given him unusual insight into Europe 's current predicament . "  Based on this experience , I can see that it is very difficult for these two countries to live under the same currency , " he said . "  I think the German economy is successful because they have found their role in the worldwide economy . I think Greece has also to define what they can be good at , and what they will be known for , and famous for around the world . " Identifying France 's particular area of economic potential should be a priority issue in the upcoming election , he said . "  France has talents that no other country -LSB- has -RSB- ... in terms of luxury , in terms of technology . This is something the world needs and France has a great role to play . " Other European countries needed to do the same thing -- then work in unison as a cohesive economic bloc . France and other countries of Europe needed to unite and define objectives and ambitions , he said . Each economy was now competing in a global marketplace , "  whether we like it or not , " he said . "  If a country , like a company , wants to develop its business -- to grow -- it has to grab business from all around the world . " To that end , Agon said he expected emerging markets would drive L'Oreal 's expansion in the immediate future . Growth is likely to come from China and Brazil , he said , where the middle classes are booming . "  You have hundreds of millions of consumers really want -LSB- ing -RSB- access to these products , " he said .	L'Oreal 's CEO says that Europe 's economies need to find their global niche Like companies , they need to find their area of expertise to survive Germany has done so succesfully , but Greece has not , he says Identifying France 's role in the global marketplace should be an election issue
CNN  -- Harrison Ford suffered a broken leg , not an injured ankle as the studio previously said , on the "  Star Wars " set last week , his publicist said Thursday . "  Harrison Ford 's left leg was broken in an accident , " spokeswoman Ina Treciokas said in a statement to CNN . She did n't say how long the actor would be out of work , but he is apparently on the road to recovery . "  His surgery was successful and he will begin rehab shortly , " Treciokas said . "  He 's doing well and looks forward to returning to work . " Ford , 71 , was filming for "  Star Wars : Episode VII " at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire , England . He is reprising the Han Solo role that brought him fame in the first "  Star Wars " in 1977 . "  He was taken to a local hospital and is receiving care , " Disney Studios said in a statement last week . "  Shooting will continue as planned while he recuperates . " A spokesman for the British Health And Safety Executive , which is responsible for workplace safety enforcement , told CNN Thursday that agency officials "  are aware of an incident at Pinewood studios and are making initial enquiries . " Lupita Nyong ' o joins ` Star Wars ' cast "  Episode VII " is scheduled to be released on December 18 , 2015 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  His surgery was successful and he will begin rehab shortly , " publicist says Disney Studios earlier said the 71-year-old actor injured an ankle Ford is reprising his Han Solo role for the next "  Star Wars " installment The movie is filming in Buckinghamshire , England
CNN  -- It has long come as a mystery to soccer fans : how can India , with a population of 1.2 billion and a burgeoning passion for football , be languishing at 162nd in the world rankings below Madagascar and Nepal ? It is an anomaly that organizers of the country 's new Premier League Soccer franchise hope to tackle , with their model that intends to echo the success of cricket 's money-spinning IPL tournament -- a shortened format of the sport featuring some of its biggest entertainers . Six former legends of the game , including ex-Arsenal and France midfielder Robert Pires and Italy 's 2006 World Cup-winning captain Fabio Cannavaro , have signed up for the inaugural tournament due to start in February . The Celebrity Management Group has signed a 30-year deal with the Indian Football Association and hopes to create a new surge of popularity for soccer in one of the most densely populated countries on earth . Six teams will participate in Monday 's auction in Kolkata to acquire stars of football 's past . The list also includes former Spain forward Fernando Morientes , who won three European Champions League titles with Real Madrid , ex-Argentina striker Hernan Crespo , Liverpool legend Robbie Fowler and Nigeria 's former World Cup star Jay-Jay Okocha . Each club will have a maximum of $ 2.5 million to spend in the first year , with no team allowed more than four foreign players . Each squad must also contain six under-21 Indian players . It is a concept that Bhaswar Goswami , executive director of CMG , hopes will transform the fortunes of the nation 's soccer team . "  The PLS has already created a huge interest among fans , players and sponsors . It 's a great chance to be associated with global brands , " he told CNN . According to Goswami , around 155 million Indians watched football on television in 2010 , and a study in 2009 by the World Bank found that 47 % of the population would describe themselves as soccer fans . But there is no question that India is cricket crazy , with revered batsman Sachin Tendulkar , known as the "  Little Master , " sure to trump former England and Manchester United footballer David Beckham as an icon on the sub-continent . Though Goswami denies the PLS will be similar to the IPL , there are many similarities -- not least the hope that big names will add a large helping of glitz and glamor to proceedings . The annual 20-over cricket competition has proved a huge success since it launched in 2008 , with the world 's best players auctioned off to the nine teams , set against a backdrop of Bollywood bling . However , Goswami prefers to look elsewhere for a comparison -- English football 's Premier League . "  If I have to benchmark myself , I will benchmark with the EPL , which is the most successful league across the world , " he said . "  Moreover , the PLS will actually complement football in India . It will create a new market , a new audience and will produce more homegrown talent , " he said . Sports analyst Harpal Singh Bedi told CNN that football was now the second most-watched sport in India behind cricket , and that the PLS could prove a game-changer . "  This is a very good attempt , " he said . "  There are foreign players , foreign coaches and , if it is conducted like the IPL with proper planning , the PLS too can be superb . "	Indian Premier League Soccer announces it will launch in late February The tournament has echoes of India 's successful IPL cricket competition Former stars such as Robert Pires , Fabio Cannavaro and Jay-Jay Okocha involved Six franchises will play each other in a bid to boost soccer in India
CNN  Universal 's "  Furious 7 " continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a weekend debut in the $ 135 million - $ 138 million range , the largest opening in North America since fall 2013 . That includes a projected Friday take of $ 58 million - $ 60 million . The final film featuring the late Paul Walker , "  Furious 7 " is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $ 60 million internationally on Wednesday and Thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $ 300 million by the end of Easter Sunday . "  Furious 7 " is getting the widest release in Universal 's history . Domestically , it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday . Internationally , it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories , although it wo n't open in China , Japan and Russia until later . The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier , " which debuted to $ 95 million from 3,928 theaters last year . "  Furious 7 " is likewise poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date . And it will easily beat the $ 121.9 million launch of "  The Hunger Games Mockingjay -- Part 1 " in November 2104 , making it the largest three-day opening since "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire "  $ 158 million  in November 2013 . The movie enjoys massive awareness and interest , due to both the popularity of the street-racing series and Walker 's death . The last film , "  Fast & Furious 6 , " debuted to a franchise-best $ 117 million over the four-day Memorial Day weekend in 2012 , including $ 97.4 million for the three days , on its way to grossing $ 788.7 million worldwide . Universal intended to open "  Furious 7 " on July 11 , 2014 , but production was halted in November 2013 when Walker died in a car crash during the Thanksgiving hiatus . After director James Wan , writer Chris Morgan and Universal pored over existing footage and tweaked the script , production resumed in April 2014 . CGI and voice effects were used in some scenes featuring Walker 's detective character , Brian O'Conner , with Walker 's brothers , Caleb and Cody , used as stand-ins . "  Furious 7 " pits Vin Diesel 's Dominic Toretto and crew  which includes Michelle Rodriguez and Tyrese Gibson , among others , as well as Walker  against Jason Statham 's Deckard Shaw , out for revenge after the death of his brother . Dwayne Johnson also reprises his role as Hobbs . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	The final film featuring the late Paul Walker , "  Furious 7 " is opening around the globe this weekend It 's worldwide debut may approach or cross $ 300 million by the end of Easter Sunday
London  CNN  -- Police charged a bank trader with fraud Friday , a day after he was arrested in connection with the discovery of unauthorized deals at Swiss banking giant UBS . City of London Police said Kwaku Adoboli appeared in court later Friday , charged with two counts of false accounting and one charge of fraud by abuse of position . During the proceedings , Crown Prosecutor David Levy said this was in connection with losses in excess of $ 1.5 billion . Separately , UBS said Thursday that it estimated its losses at around $ 2 billion . The suspect was not obliged to and did not enter a plea . Clad in a V-neck sweater , a crisp white shirt , and gray slacks , the suspect wiped his eyes from time to time but otherwise did not appear visibly upset . The court ruled that Adoboli will remain in police custody until his next hearing , set for Thursday . Adobili can apply for bail during next week 's proceeding . A commital hearing has been set for October 28 . The 31-year-old was arrested in an early morning operation in London 's banking district hours before the loss was announced on Thursday , police said . His first name has been spelled elsewhere as Kweku . The Financial Services Authority , the Serious Fraud Office and the Crown Prosecution Service are also involved in investigating the case , the City of London Police statement said . The bank declined to comment on the arrest . Shares in UBS rose slightly in early trading in Europe Friday after falling around 10 % the day before . The bank is large enough to take a $ 2 billion hit , experts said , but the size of the loss it reported is almost unprecedented . Credit rating agency Moody 's has said it is looking at UBS for a possible downgrade . Its review of UBS will focus on "  ongoing weaknesses in the group 's risk management and controls " as revealed by the reported loss , Moody 's said in a statement . Moody 's downgraded two French banks earlier this week amid questions over their exposure to debt . News of the alleged rogue trader came amid pronounced economic anxiety in Europe . Markets there have been in turmoil in recent weeks as concern has mounted that Greece might default on its huge debt , sending shock waves through the 17-nation eurozone and further afield . U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner attended a meeting of Europe 's Economic and Financial Affairs Council in Wroclaw , Poland , on Friday , at which questions around Greek debt and financial stability in the eurozone were discussed . Finance ministers for the European Union member states , central bank presidents and representatives of other major financial bodies were also present . The conference comes ahead of G20 and IMF meetings later this month . Lex van Dam , a former trader who is now a partner at Hampstead Capital in London , said a bank 's risk management division is supposed to examine a trader 's activities . UBS is not likely to collapse , but the scandal could prompt the bank to split its investment bank into a separate company , he added . UBS said no client positions were affected by the loss , which is still being investigated . But the "  unauthorized trading by a trader in its investment bank " could cause UBS to post a loss in the third quarter of this year , it said . The loss would potentially be among the largest costs ever to a bank in unauthorized trading . Rogue trader Jerome Kerviel cost his French bank , Societe Generale , almost $ 6 billion , and was sentenced to three years in prison last year . Yasuo Hamanaka cost Sumitomo Corporation $ 2.6 billion in the global copper market , and was sent to prison for eight years over fraud and forgery in 1997 . Nick Leeson , the subject of the Ewan McGregor movie "  Rogue Trader , " lost about $ 1.3 billion for his bank , Barings , in 1995 , forcing it to close . UBS made a pre-tax profit of about $ 1.9 billion in the second quarter of this year , it announced in July , down from about $ 2.5 billion the quarter before that . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin , Nina dos Santos , Laura Smith-Spark , Irene Chapple , Ben Rooney , Alex Mohacs , James Partington , Laura Perez Maestro , Kendra Petersen , Nick Thompson and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : Kwaku Adobili , in police custody , has a Thursday hearing NEW : The 31-year-old suspect did n't enter a plea Credit rating agency Moody 's says it is reviewing UBS for a possible downgrade UBS itself reported the suspected rogue trader to police , officers say
Paris  CNN  -- The Alexander McQueen fashion house denied Sunday that it is designing the wedding dress of Kate Middleton , who 's marrying Britain 's Prince William next month . Two representatives of the high-profile design house flatly denied the story in the Sunday Times newspaper . "  This is not true , " spokeswoman Myriam Coudoux said when CNN asked if McQueen creative director Sarah Burton was designing the dress . Hongyi Huang , the head of press for McQ , the house 's contemporary clothing line , also denied the report . Prince William 's office told CNN : "  We 're saying nothing . " "  We 're not commenting on the specific designer for the dress , because Catherine Middleton wishes to keep the designer a secret until the wedding day , " Clarence House said Sunday . Prince William , the second in line to the British throne , is marrying his college girlfriend Middleton at Westminster Abbey on April 29 . The Sunday Times says Middleton will wear a dress designed by Sarah Burton , the creative director of Alexander McQueen . Both Burton and McQueen chief executive Jonathan Akeroyd flatly deny the story to the Times . But the newspaper claims Middleton was impressed by a wedding dress Burton designed for the daughter of Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , the wife of Prince Charles . The article does not cite any sources . William is the older son of the late Diana , Princess of Wales , and Prince Charles , Queen Elizabeth 's oldest son and the heir to the throne . Alexander McQueen , one of Britain 's hottest fashion designers , committed suicide last year . CNN 's Lianne Turner in Paris and Eileen Hsieh in London contributed to this report .	The Sunday Times reports that she was impressed by a McQueen wedding dress Two representatives of the fashion house tell CNN they 're not making the gown Kate Middleton is marrying Prince William next month in Westminster Abbey
CNN  -- Chelsea continued their unbeaten start to the English Premier League season with a 2-1 win against north London rivals Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday . Goals from Spanish duo Fernando Torres and Juan Mata earned the Blues a fifth win in six league matches while handing Arsene Wenger 's men their first League defeat this term . Torres put Chelsea ahead in the 20th minute hooking the ball past Mannone in the Arsenal goal after some sloppy defending by the home side . But the Gunners were back on level terms three minutes before the break when Gervinho guided the ball past Petr Cech after latching on to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's cross . Mata 's decisive goal came eight minutes into the second half -- his free-kick deflecting off Laurent Koscielny before finding the bottom corner of the net . Chelsea now have 16 points and remain top of the league while Arsenal slip to seventh on nine points . The win was a satisfying end to another turbulent week for John Terry . The Chelsea captain announced his retirement from international football on Sunday , before being handed a four-match ban and a Â # 220,000  $ 356,000  by the English Football Association  FA  on Thursday for racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand during a match in October 2011 . A court cleared Terry of the same offense in July , but the FA requires a lower burden of proof . Terry is currently considering whether to appeal the ban . Elsewhere , Tottenham Hotspur recorded their first win at Old Trafford in 23 years as Andre Villas Boas 's side beat Manchester United 3-2 . Defender Jan Vertonghen put Spurs ahead in the second minute before Garath Bale doubled the lead half an-hour later . Nani halved the deficit six minutes after the break only for Clint Dempsey to restore the two-goal cushion two minutes later . But United responded immediately as Shinji Kagawa made it 3-2 , which , despite the home side 's effort was how the score stayed . Alex Ferguson 's men are now third with 12 points , level with Manchester City who had Edin Dzeko to thank for their 2-1 win against Fulham at Craven Cottage . Mladen Petric blasted home a penalty to put the Cottagers ahead in the 10th minute after Pablo Zabaleta had brought down John Arne Riise . Sergio Aguero equalized for City two minutes before halftime with Dzeko scoring the winner in the 87th minute , moments after coming on for Francisco Javi Garcia . Everton continued their promising start to the season with a 3-1 over Southampton at Goodison Park . A goal from Leon Osman  25th minute  and a quickfire brace from Nikica Jelavic  32nd and 38th minute  earned three points for David Moyes ' team after Gaston Ramirez had given Southampton the lead in the sixth minute . Everton remain three points behind leaders Chelsea . Merseyside rivals , Liverpool posted their first league win under new manager Brendan Rodgers with a 5-2 thrashing of Norwich City . Luis Suarez scored a hat-trick as the Reds ran riot at Carrow Road with Nuri Sahin and Steven Gerrard also getting on the scoresheet . Steve Morison and Grant Holt made the scoreline look a bit more respectable with two second-half goals . Liverpool rise to 14th , Norwich slip to 18th in the table . Two goals from Peter Crouch saw Stoke City beat Swansea City 2-0 at the Britannia Stadium -- a win which lifts Tony Pulis 's side to 12th . Demba Ba also scored twice to rescue a point for Newcastle in a 2-2 draw at Reading , while Steven Fletcher scored the only goal as Sunderland beat Wigan 1-0 at the Stadium of Light .	Spanish duo earn Chelsea a valuable 2-1 win over London rivals Arsenal Chelsea stay top of the league with five wins in six matches in the English Premier League
CNN  -- Standing tall in a sport once dubbed "  boxing with rackets , " Nicol David has a better analogy to define the particular rigors of squash . She calls it "  physical chess " -- a test of body and mind in equal measure which the 29-year-old has mastered like no other female player since 2005 . The Malaysian has deployed that magical mix of physical prowess and tactical awareness to win seven of the last eight world championships , becoming the undisputed queen of her sport despite her slight stature . "  Squash is all about dimensions , " says David , who is only 1.63 meters tall and weighs in at just 50 kilograms . "  You are sharing the same space as your opponent , and not many racket sports have that element in their game , it 's really like you and your opponent being in a gladiator ring , " she told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It 's all about taking your space and control and using the space as well as you can , like physical chess . " Top-level squash is played in a glass walled arena of just under 50 square meters of floor space and there is nowhere to hide . It adds to the sense of the theater for the spectators , but is a daunting prospect for the players . "  Going in to the glass door and getting ready for battle , it 's very , very intense , " David says . Despite her small frame , she packs the punch of a heavyweight as opponents are dispatched in double quick time -- and has earned the nickname of "  the Duracell Bunny . " It 's easy to see why . On the court she is the epitome of perpetual motion and , like the figure advertising the long-lasting battery , she never seems to run out of power . But it is also her mental strength that has helped her win the world title every year since 2008 . "  It has really helped me in the last few years , all the visualization we do , and also setting a game plan that makes me certain that on court you just need to be ready for anything and stay on top of things straight away , " she says . Dream fulfilled David was set on the course for squash stardom from an early age , playing her first games in the city of Penang when she was just five , encouraged by a sporting father and two elder sisters -- Lianne and Cheryl -- who both played to national standard . From her early teens , David was recognized as a prodigious talent and her first world junior title in 1999 signaled a further breakthrough . But the step up to the senior level proved a testing time and in 2003 she moved to the Dutch capital Amsterdam to work fulltime with Australia 's former world No. 2 Liz Irving . It has proved a formidable partnership , and David is quick to recognize the part Irving has played in her incredible success . "  I 've learned some much from her , she 's just been a true mentor for me to show me what 's it like to be at the top . " Under Irving 's guidance , success at world senior level first came in Hong Kong in 2005 . "  It 's everyone 's dream to be world champion and when it actually did happen , I was just standing speechless . I could hardly imagine my dreams had been fulfilled , " David said . "  I still have that same exact feeling when I won that world title because it just means so much to me . " To have stayed at the summit of her game since then underlines David 's incredible appetite for success . "  If you are technically sound and really fit and strong and mentally strong , you can be a top squash player , " she said . Intense training David makes it sound easy , but hours and hours of intense training are required along with the right balance of rest and recuperation . "  Squash is really , really brutal to your body -- your joints especially your knees and hips and your back -- so we really need to stay on top of things and be careful with over training , " she said . David again underlined her dominance by winning the World Series Finals title in London to start 2013 , but the fact she was unable to display her incredible talents in the British capital at last year 's Olympic Games remains a source of continued frustration . She has gone on record as saying that she would trade all her world titles for one Olympic gold medal , and squash 's failure to gain inclusion for the 2016 Games in Rio was a major disappointment , with golf and rugby sevens instead being included . David is an integral part of the 2020 Back the Bid campaign for squash , which was unveiled at the World Series Finals earlier this month . It is also supported by supported by Greg Searle and Victoria Pendleton , gold medal winners in rowing and cycling for Britain last year . "  Squash pretty much has the whole package on what an Olympic sport should be and we have proven ourselves time and time again that our game has so much to offer . We are the complete sport , " David said . Olympic bid "  Our last two campaigns , where we missed London and Rio , we 've learned a lot and we are ready to take up our case for 2020 . " David would be in her late 30s by the time of the 2020 Games , but she will try to extend her career if squash finally convinces the International Olympic Committee that it should be included . "  I would do my best to stay in the game and to play the Olympics for the very first time , but if I ca n't make it then , at least I was part of the campaign , " she said . For the moment , David savors her involvement in the 2004 Athens Games , when she was one of five Malaysian sports personalities chosen to run with the Olympic torch on its worldwide tour . "  It was truly special , " she remembers . She has represented her country in major events , winning four gold medals at the Asian Games since 1998 in Bangkok when she was only 15 . Gold medal success in the Commonwealth Games eluded David until she won the singles title in Delhi in 2010 . Going into the 2006 edition in Melbourne , Australia , David was reigning world champion and favorite , but was beaten by her great rival Natalie Grinham in the semifinals . Revenge for that defeat came in the World Open in Northern Ireland at the end of the year , where she beat the Australian -- who is now a Dutch citizen -- in an epic final , considered one of the greatest in women 's squash history . Total domination For David , it was a victory that set the foundation for her near total domination until the current day . "  It was just the turning point when I won that second world title , it just proved the point -- this is where I 'm at , I 'm ready to move forward . It just gave me the assurance I could do still more . " Grinham and her sister Rachael continued to prove a thorn in David 's side , contesting the 2007 World Open title to break her winning streak , but she has since claimed five straight global crowns . Setbacks have proved few and far between , going through 2010 unbeaten with her Commonwealth gold in India a particular highlight . Whether David can withstand the sport 's constant physical demands to extend her career for a possible shot at 2020 Olympic glory remains to be seen , but few would deny her the opportunity . The decision on the hosts for the 2020 Games will be made by the IOC in September 2013 , when the delegates will also add one more sport to the program . Squash will be battling it out with the likes of softball , roller sports and wakeboarding to gain admission , representing the last chance for David to fulfill her golden dream . "  Anybody involved with squash wants to see the sport get there , everybody thinks it 's already in there and just assume we are part of the Games , " she said . "  It 's very heartbreaking when we are just not part of it . "	Nicol David has dominated women 's squash since 2005 The 29-year-old Malaysian is a seven-time world champion Squash is one of the most demanding sports in the world It is bidding for Olympic recognition for 2020 Games
CNN  -- Railroad ties , cement pilings and other debris reportedly mark the entrance to Marcus and Partricia Faella 's rural Florida compound , situated on the edge of a wildlife management area marketed by tourism officials as a good spot for hikers , campers and bird watchers . Look closer and , according to police documents , you 'd see shooting slits cut into the side of the couple 's trailer , maybe even some military-grade ordinance scattered around the property . It is there , authorities say , that Marcus , his wife and eight other members of American Front -- a down-on-its-luck white supremacist group -- trained in hand-to-hand combat , drilled in breaking down weapons and practiced shooting them , imagining their targets were n't merely water jugs , but rather the exploding heads of people they hated . On Monday , authorities said they had arrested the Faellas and five other members of the group , which is also known by its initials AF , on charges of illegal paramilitary training , attempting to shoot into an occupied dwelling and evidence of prejudice while committing a crime . "  Faella views himself and the other members of the AF as the protectors of the white race , " investigators wrote in an affidavit . "  Faella has stated his intent during the race war is to kill Jews , immigrants and other minorities . " More immediately , according to police , Faella was planning to stage provocative disruptions at the Orlando City Hall and at a Melbourne , Florida , anarchist gathering that included members of anti-racist skinhead groups . Faella , the police documents say , wanted to stir up media attention to help gain new recruits for American Front , which hate-tracking groups says has been faltering since the death of its leader , David Lynch , in California . Nationally , American Front has had a long and violent history , including the beating death of a Salt Lake City man and a string of 1993 bombings in California , according to hate-tracking groups . The 25-year-old group enjoyed a resurgence in 2007 under Lynch , described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a charismatic leader who helped form it in 1987 . But Lynch was shot to death in his home in March 2011 , leaving the group with no clear leader , according to the Anti-Defamation League . It has shrunk significantly in the past year , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . Most of the group 's 50 or so members appear to live in Florida , according to the ADL . Authorities identified the other members arrested last week as Christopher Brooks , Richard Stockdale , Kent McLellan , Jennifer McGowan , Mark McGowan , Diane Stevens , Paul Jackson and Dustin Perry . Except for Marcus and Patricia Faella , all remained jailed Wednesday . Marcus Faella bonded out of jail on Saturday , according to Osceola County officials . His wife was released on Sunday , they said . According to police , Faella 's group watched videos training them in fighting and the use of AK-47s and other weapons at the compound , which the affidavit said is ringed with barbed wire and protected by pit bulls and firing positions facing the driveway . The property was meant to become a refuge for white supremacists after the fall of the U.S. government during a race war , investigators wrote in the affidavit . The group was making body armor and sniper suits and stocking up on supplies in preparation , according to police . On at least one occasion , a group member who also belonged to the National Guard provided training to American Front members that he had learned in the military , according to the affidavit . The arrests came on the heels of a two-year investigation based on the reports of a confidential informant who had to flee the fortified compound on April 28 , according to the arrest affidavit . At a meeting to plan the attack on rival skinheads that day , Faella nearly discovered secret recordings the informant had been making of training exercises , according to an affidavit released by police . CNN 's Kim Segal contributed to this report .	Ten members of a white supremacist group are facing charges in Florida Authorities arrested members of American Front last week Police documents say they were plotting disruptions in an effort to attract new members They were also preparing for a race war , police documents say
CNN  -- NASA said Wednesday that it is collaborating with recording artist Mary J. Blige to encourage girls and young women to pursue careers by studying science , technology , engineering and mathematics -- collectively known as STEM . A public service announcement featuring shuttle astronaut Leland Melvin and Blige will begin running this week on NASA TV and on the agency 's website . The campaign is part of NASA 's Summer of Innovation program , which also is working with Blige 's Foundation for the Advancement of Women Now , the space agency said . The NASA program , part of the president 's Educate to Innovate Campaign , started this summer with the aim of engaging middle school students in science-related activities during the summer break . Working with Blige 's foundation provides "  a rare opportunity " for it to reach "  communities not always readily accessible to us , " Melvin said in a news release . "  Mary 's presence can help NASA make the STEM message more appealing to these communities and increase the pipeline of underrepresented students going into these disciplines , " he said . High school participants in Blige 's foundation are working with the NASA Science , Engineering , Mathematics and Aerospace Academy project at York College of the City University of New York , the space agency said . In addition to being prepared to deliver NASA content to middle school students this summer , they will have the opportunity to support the NASA academy 's fall academic session as student aides for grades one through nine , it said .	NASA collaborating with recording artist Mary J. Blige A public service announcement begins running this week on NASA TV The collaboration encourages women to reach for the stars
CNN  -- A storm system that produced a number of tornadoes in the Midwest was blamed for at least seven deaths in two states , officials said Wednesday . At least three people were killed when a tornado touched down in Harrisburg , Illinois , early Wednesday , the Saline County Sheriff 's Office said . About 100 others were injured . The number of fatalities in Harrisburg could rise , the city 's mayor said , in the wake of the twister that appeared to have been on the ground for several miles , said the city 's mayor , Eric Gregg . The path of destruction was about three or four football fields wide , he said . The scene in the southern part of Harrisburg , where the tornado struck , was one of debris and collapsed houses . Commercial and residential buildings were crushed . A tractor-trailer could be seen laying on its side , off the highway . Crews were searching "  piece by piece " for survivors , Gregg said . It was "  a path of destruction that is absolutely devastating , " he said . "  It 's a very difficult day for a very good community in southern Illinois . " At least five people were killed in Harrisburg because of the storm , he said . According to the sheriff 's office , some 100 people were injured and between 250 and 300 houses were damaged or destroyed . Some 25 businesses were also damaged or destroyed , the sheriff 's office said . Crews were also examining some structural damage to the Harrisburg Medical Center , to judge whether any patients must be moved , Gregg said . "  It 's like nothing I 've ever seen , and something I do n't care to see again , " he said . Earlier , two deaths were reported in Missouri as a result of the storms . A woman was killed overnight in Dallas County , Missouri , the coroner there said , without giving further details . An apparent tornado near Cassville , Missouri , left another person dead , the Barry County Sheriff 's Office said . That person was thrown out of a mobile home , the sheriff 's office said . Tornado in Kansas captured on video The pounding rain and swirling , destructive winds raking several Plains states injured others in Kansas , as well . That state was socked Tuesday night and Gov. Sam Brownback declared a state of emergency for a small town hit badly by the severe weather . The National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center issued tornado watches through noon for parts of Kentucky , Tennessee , Indiana , Arkansas , Illinois and Missouri . Along with tornadoes , the center warned of the possibility of golf-ball-sized hail , winds up to 75 miles per hour and "  dangerous lightning . " The state of emergency was declared for the tiny Kansas town of Harveyville , about 20 miles southwest of Topeka . Emergency teams combed the community to assess damage . Authorities said they believe a tornado hit the town Tuesday night . Some homes and a church were damaged , and there were numerous reports of trees and power lines down throughout the area , according to the Kansas Adjutant General 's Department . At least one person was critically injured and transported to a hospital in Topeka while four others were briefly trapped in a structure . "  It is quite hectic , " said Bill Beasley of the American Medical Response for Shawnee and Wabaunsee counties , who said nine ambulances were dispatched to the scene . The American Red Cross is assisting and officials have set up a shelter at a local high school . There were also reports of a tornado touchdown in Kansas ' Reno County , near Hutchinson , and another in central Nebraska . The same powerful winter storm system spawned the severe weather in Dallas County , Missouri , and along the Missouri-Arkansas border . A path of destruction cut six to seven miles through Taney County , Missouri , damaging homes and businesses , according to Sheriff Jim Russell , who said there were "  some injuries , " but no reports of fatalities . The resort community of Branson is in the county . Russell said he had no specific information about damage in the town . CNN 's Samuel Gardner , Scott Thompson and Alta Spells contributed to this report .	NEW : A total of seven deaths have been reported NEW : Five are killed in Illinois when a tornado strikes NEW : The tornado was "  absolutely devastating , " mayor says
CNN  -- It 's a demon buried deep within the French psyche -- a demon which refuses to be exorcized . A word which brings shivers down the spine and strikes a fear into the heart of the country 's football fans . In Rio de Janeiro , the ghosts of years past haunted France again -- the "  Angstgegner " returned . Germany , the "  bogey team " as it is known in France , wrote another painful chapter into Les Bleus ' World Cup history on Friday . A 1-0 victory secured Germany 's place in the semifinals for a record fourth consecutive tournament . But unlike in 1982 and 1986 , when Germany defeated the French in the last four on both occasions , this was not a battle of epic proportions . There was not the drama , nor the controversy -- but the end result was the same . Mats Hummels ' 12th-minute goal gave Germany a lead it never looked like relinquishing against a French side which flattered to deceive . In fact , it was almost an apologetic exit from Didier Deschamps ' players -- so disappointing after the team 's encouraging performances in the group stage . At a tournament where there have been so many surprises , perhaps it was reassuring that there remains one constant . Germany , whether it plays to its maximum or just within itself , seems to always get the result it craves . Joachim Low 's side will now face host nation Brazil -- which beat Colombia -- in Belo Horizonte on Tuesday , while France returns home pondering what might have been . The tears flowed for those draped in blue -- this was supposed to be the day where France finally gained revenge . Some 32 years may have passed since the two countries met at the 1982 World Cup , but the painful memories remain . At the time , France 's World Cup hopes were in the balance with the game at 1-1 when Patrick Battiston ran on to meet Michel Platini 's pass . Battiston was the overwhelming favorite to reach the ball first -- and he did so , but as he approached , West Germany goalkeeper Toni Schumacher laid the Frenchman out cold with a brutal attack . Battiston , shorn of three teeth and suffering damaged vertebrae , left the field on a stretcher , his limp hand held by a shaken Platini -- who feared his teammate might have even died . Schumacher stood tall -- he was n't red-carded , nor was he even cautioned . Instead , he saved two penalties in the shootout following a 3-3 draw as West Germany reached the final , before losing to Italy . It was an achievement which preserved his name in notoriety , even securing him top spot in a poll held by a French newspaper for the most hated German -- a poll he won ahead of Adolf Hitler . While the incident may not register on the German consciousness , it was repeated endlessly on televisions in the buildup to Friday 's contest . A game with a grudge -- it 's hardly a new experience for Germany , which appears to encounter such fixtures on a regular basis . Its experience at this level is undisputed -- but a failure to win the World Cup in 24 years has not gone unnoticed . In 2002 , Rudi Voller 's team was defeated in the final by Brazil -- since then there have been three consecutive semifinal defeats . For so long German football has been admired , but with success comes expectation and , in terms of triumphs , "  Die Mannschaft " has failed to deliver . Perhaps this is the year where Low 's side finally delivers . Criticized after a 2-1 extra-time victory over Algeria in the last 16 at Brazil 2014 , Germany began brightly against France and made light of the flu virus which had swept through its camp . Just 12 minutes of the contest had elapsed when Hummels held off Raphael Varane to head home Toni Kroos ' perfect delivery . Given the number of spectacular strikes witnessed at this World Cup , Hummels ' effort was remarkable for its simplicity . France , temporarily dazed by conceding , began to assert itself with the impressive Mathieu Valbuena beginning to cause Germany problems . The diminutive midfielder , so influential in the group stage as France breezed through with ease , came close to forging an equalizer with 11 minutes of the first half remaining . Antoine Griezmann found space on the left and his pass allowed Valbuena to curl the ball towards goal only for Manuel Neuer to save and Karim Benzema to lash wildly at the rebound . Benzema , who scored three times in his opening two games , then went close before the interval as Hummels blocked the forward 's close-range header . In 10 previous ties where it had trailed at halftime of a World Cup tie , France had lost on each and every occasion . But this French side has already overcome the odds . That it qualified for the tournament at all was somewhat of a surprise given its dreadful performance in the playoff tie . A 2-0 defeat by Ukraine in the first leg left Deschamps staring into the abyss -- a misery only averted by a miraculous 3-0 victory in the return leg four days later . But a comeback against Germany , a team renowned for its ruthlessness and ability to dominate its opponents is a far more difficult proposition . Deschamps ' decision to replace a defensive midfielder in Yohan Cabaye with striker Loic Remy signaled his side 's intentions . His pace , in addition to the threat posed by Griezmann and Benzema , appeared to trouble a Germany defense which was never managed to give impression of being wholly convincing . But whenever France did manage to get in behind its opponents , Neuer provided a formidable presence , denying Blaise Matuidi from close range . As both teams began to suffer in the heat , the action moved from end to end , with Germany twice failing to put the result beyond doubt Then , with the contest entering its final throes , Benzema 's effort -- from a position where he would be expected to score -- was palmed away by Neuer in almost nonchalant fashion . As the final whistle blew , heads fell , tears followed and French players were left with an all too familiar feeling -- the "  Angstgegner " had struck again .	Germany books place in semifinal of World Cup Mats Hummels scored the only goal of the game Germany reaches fourth consecutive semifinal Next plays Brazil , which beats Colombia 2-1 later Friday
Washington  CNN  -- The White House has been tight-lipped about how many uninsured Americans have signed up for health care insurance under the Affordable Care Act , which has led to some concerns about whether enough people are enrolling in private health plans to make the economic model work . Under the law , insurance companies are required to cover anyone . But in order to make that economically feasible , everyone has to buy insurance . The White House has set a goal of enrolling 7 million people in private insurance plans through the new health insurance exchanges by March 31 , 2014 , the end of the glitch-plagued open enrollment period that started October 1 . But it has been tight-lipped so far about how many people have actually enrolled in private insurance plans -- those who have both applied and paid the premiums in advance . Officials announced Thursday that 700,000 people have applied for insurance plans in both the 36 states that are using a federally run health care exchange and the 14 states running their own exchanges . Obamacare website ` fixable ' by end of November But do n't apply that 700,000 application figure to the 7 million enrollment goal . For starters , there 's no guarantee that all 700,000 will ultimately enroll in a health insurance plan . And those 700,000 applications include Medicaid enrollments . Medicaid programs are the public health insurance programs run by states to provide low-income people with health insurance . As the law was originally envisioned , more than half of the uninsured people in the United States -- 24 million or so , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation -- who would be getting insurance through Obamacare would have been getting Medicaid . Anyone who makes less than 138 % of the poverty level -- about $ 27,000 for a family of four -- is n't eligible for federal subsidies to buy insurance , so Medicaid is effectively their only option . So it 's not necessarily a bad thing if more than half of the people getting insurance under Obamacare so far are getting Medicaid . But in many of the states operating their own exchanges , new Medicaid enrollees account for more than half of the people who have obtained insurance under Obamacare since October 1 . Related : Finger-pointing over Obamacare Should it be alarming that so many of these 700,000 new applications are people trying to get Medicaid and not private insurance ? Not yet , said Matt Salo , executive director of the National Association of Medicaid Directors . "  There 's nothing in what we 've seen to suggest anything like that , " he said . "  Whether you 're able to be eligible for Medicaid or not is totally dependent on your income . " But he did admit "  Some of the numbers we 've seen , preliminary , early numbers , do seem a little out of whack . " But he said there 's a reason for that . "  In these small handful of states , they 're aggressively targeting people they think might be eligible for Medicaid , " Salo said . Salo pointed to people who the states already know are on food stamps receiving some other kind of state or locally funded health program . "  You know who they are , you know what their income is , you know they 're OK accepting government benefits . If you go after these guys , there should be no surprise that these people are being enrolled . " Also , in some states , Medicaid coverage starts immediately , meaning there may be more of an incentive to enroll early because you get coverage sooner than on the private market where no matter when you enroll in the first two and a half months coverage still starts on January 1 . In Arkansas they 've insured more than 62,000 people in Medicaid since October 1 . But in a novel twist they 're doing it by using Medicaid dollars to buy people private insurance on the exchanges . Related : Obamacare more than a phone call away And Oregon has been approved to use food stamps and other metrics as a prequalifier for Medicaid enrollment . So the state sent letters to uninsured welfare recipients that detailed simple steps to enroll in Medicaid -- i.e. just sign a form and mail it back or call a hotline . This has resulted in tens of thousands of enrollees . But Oregon also has yet to allow online registration for private health insurance . It 's the one state that elected to fix the glitches in its website before going live . It may very well be that not enough people -- particularly the young and the healthy people who are needed to pay premiums to offset the benefits going out to older and less healthy -- are signing up for health insurance on the exchanges . But with so little information from the government , it is too early to tell . What we learned and did n't from Obamacare website hearing	Early sign ups for the Affordable Care Act have lagged because of technical problems But those first numbers may mask a different set of numbers Many states are using Medicaid enrollees in their count toward initial Obamacare applications
Washington  CNN  -- The Democratic candidate running for Senate in Kansas took his case to the state Supreme Court this week to get his name off the ballot . And he won . By pulling their candidate , Democrats are hoping independent candidate Greg Orman will unseat Republican Sen. Pat Roberts and join the Democratic caucus in the Senate . Despite that support , Orman has n't yet said who he 'll caucus with if he wins . But one thing is clear : the Kansas Senate election that was supposed to be over after the Republican primary is now a serious threat to Republicans , who have held onto Kansas ' Senate seats for the last 80 years . It could also tip the balance of the Senate in a year when Republicans are hoping to take control of the chamber for the first time since 2006 , meaning they 'll get to chair committees , decide what bills get a vote and overall set the political agenda . Orman : Independent or Democrat-in-disguise ? Orman has n't said which party he would caucus with in the Senate , but he 's indicated that his success can get Kansas a sweet deal , whichever side he decides to bat for . This is not an entirely novel strategy . Sen. Angus King won election in Maine as an independent candidate in 2012 and went on to vote mostly with Democrats . By putting a solidly Republican state into contention , Republicans will have to work harder if they hope to wrest control of the Senate from Democratic hands -- which is a serious possibility this cycle -- and Orman 's betting he can leverage his independence to help his would-be constituents . "  There 's a reasonable chance that neither party will have a majority . And if that happens that 's a great thing for Kansas . It gives Kansans the opportunity to define the agenda , " Orman says in a sleek campaign video as inspirational music plays in the background . Orman has been registered with both parties in the past , most recently running for the Senate in 2008 as a Democrat , and his campaign insists he 's spent more time as an independent than as a member of either party . Orman has said he will "  caucus with whichever party is willing to solve our country 's problems , whichever party is willing to put forward a real , true problem-solving agenda , " but indicated that he could make a switch if partisan moves persist . "  We 'll also be in a position to hold that party accountable , " Orman says in the video . But Roberts ' campaign is doing its best to paint Orman as a Democrat trying to win election in a red state by taking off his blue label . The incumbent 's campaign website points out Orman 's donations to Democratic groups -- including donations to Majority Leader Harry Reid , then-Sen . Barack Obama and Sen. Hillary Clinton in 2007 , all of which are listed in the Federal Elections Committee database . But Orman 's political donations have spanned the political map , and his campaign pointed out donations to Republican Scott Brown 's 2010 bid for Senate in Massachusetts as well as donations to the National Republican Congressional Committee . His campaign also highlighted contributions to coalition-building and problem-solving groups like Americans Elect -- for whom Orman cut a $ 25,000 check . Winning the moderates And while Orman seems to have gained covert support from Democratic leadership , he 's also picked up support from a group of moderate Kansas Republicans that includes former Kansas Republican Party chairs and top state legislators who say Roberts and Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback have moved too far to the right . The group , Traditional Republicans for Common Sense , was attracted to Orman 's problem-solving mentality and dissatisfaction with Washington gridlock , Rochelle Chronister , the group 's spokeswoman , said . In a meeting before the group endorsed him , Orman said he was unhappy with both parties and hoped to become a go-between for the two parties . And even if Orman decides to caucus with the Democrats on legislative business , Chronister , who spent 17 years in the state legislature and chaired the Kansas Republican Party in the late '80s , said her group would n't feel slighted . "  If he can figure out a way to make things work , I do n't think we care , " Chronister said . "  We 're just sick to death of what 's going on . " Orman 's success with moderate Republicans can be tied to dissatisfaction in Kansas with a governor and state legislature that has moved too far to the right , said Nathaniel Birkhead , a political science professor at Kansas State University . And Birkhead cited Roberts ' anti-regulation , anti-spending vote against the farm bill as a mistake in an agricultural state like Kansas . Republican Sen. Jerry Moran , the state 's second senator , voted for the bill . "  It 's a very solidly Republican state , but we 're seeing the voters try and turn the thermostat down a bit , " Birkhead , who focuses on state and legislative politics , said . Birkhead summed up Orman 's appeal : "  He 's not a Democrat and he 's not Pat Roberts . " But if Orman chooses to caucus with Democrats in the Senate , Birkhead said he likely would n't get reelected . Republican strategist Matt Keelen said the Republican establishment has no doubt Orman will caucus with Democrats if elected . "  He 's trying to play it as close to the vest as possible in the hopes that people believe that he is not sure of where he is going to caucus , " Keelen said . "  Based on all their experience with him in the state , they do n't believe he 's going to caucus with -LSB- Republicans -RSB- . " Keelen agreed that if Orman decides to bat for Democrats in the Senate , Orman would become the "  number-one Republican target in six years , " when he would be up for re-election . "  He 'd be a one-term senator if he were to caucus with the Democrats , " Keelen said . What can Democrats do ? Democratic strategist Steve Murphy said Democrats have already done all they can do to help Orman take the Kansas seat -- they 've cleared the field . And while Democrats do need to submit a nominee for the ballot , it 's unlikely that candidate would pull as much support away from Orman as former nominee Chad Taylor would have . Now , Murphy said Democrats just need to let Orman win the election as an independent without any overt Democratic support . "  There 's a perfect way for Democrats to buoy his candidacy and that 's to stay out of the way , " Murphy said . And while Orman seems fine caucusing with either party when he gets to the Senate , voters could also be attracted to a candidate who wants to stay away from both parties . "  He might be able to get a sweeter deal by not caucusing with anybody , " Murphy said .	Dems pulled their candidate from the ballot to help Orman unseat the sitting Republican Orman has n't said which party he would caucus with in the Senate He 's told supporters he wants to be a mediator between the two parties Many believe he 'd caucus with Democrats , but he 'll face slim re-election chances if he does
CNN  -- Crimea 's parliament has voted to secede from Ukraine and join Russia , and has scheduled a referendum for its residents to decide whether to stay or go . It is one of the biggest developments in the fast-moving crisis in Ukraine . Who is voting ? The voters deciding Crimea 's future would be the residents of that region . Crimea has a population of about 2 million . Crimea is known as a pro-Russian area , but it is not without its diversity . The autonomous region has a 60 % ethnic Russian population , having been part of Russia until it was ceded to Ukraine in 1954 by the Soviet Union . But not everyone may be as keen on coming under Moscow 's direct influence . A quarter of the peninsula 's population is Ukrainian and about 12 % Crimean Tatars , a predominantly Muslim group . The Tatars have shown no interest in breaking away . How much credibility will the vote have ? The legality of the referendum has been challenged from the outset . While the Crimean parliament voted to hold the referendum , at the federal level , Ukrainian leaders say a referendum is illegal . It 's an "  illegitimate decision , " interim Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said Thursday . "  Crimea was , is , and will be an integral part of Ukraine . " Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko said the Crimean parliament 's decision is illegal because under the constitution , only national referendums are permitted . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe has sent a military observer mission to Ukraine , but it can only expand its mission to monitor the vote if the Ukrainian government invites it to . In Crimea , worlds collide What 's next if the referendum passes ? See above . Even if the vote goes as planned , its legitimacy will continue to be questioned . Michael Crawford , a former British ambassador in Eastern Europe , cautioned that whatever the result of the vote , it may be meaningless . "  It does not follow that if Crimea votes to join Russia , that anyone will accept it , " he said . "  For Russia to start cherry-picking bits of the former Soviet Union , cranking up referenda in Kazakhstan or Latvia or wherever you like , to try to carve off bits , would be against international law , and it would be something  that Russian President  Vladimir Putin has said he does n't want to do . " In short , it is not clear how easily Crimea could secede from Ukraine and join Russia . Who would benefit from Crimea 's secession ? It is not clear . At first glance , it may appear that many Crimeans would get what they want and Russia would gain a territory , but the benefits are not so clear-cut . "  While separatism may seem emotionally gratifying to some  Crimean  residents , the practical results seen elsewhere , especially in South Ossetia and Abkhazia , have been economic isolation and a heightened dependence on Russia , " Michael Hikari Cecire , an expert on the region , wrote recently . South Ossetia and Abkhazia are two separatist regions of Georgia that Russia occupied in 2008 . For Russia , peeling off a slice of territory from Ukraine is n't productive , Cecire wrote . Its goal is to get all of Ukraine under its influence . Taking steps toward separatism has only deepened the crisis , as Russian intervention has galvanized anti-Russian sentiment in other parts of Ukraine . The referendum , scheduled for March 16 , will probably just add fuel to the fire . Five possible directions in Ukraine	Crimea is 60 % Russian The Crimean referendum may be illegitimate , experts say It 's unclear what will happen if the referendum passes
CNN  -- At the 1964 New York World 's Fair , people stood in line for hours to look at a strange sight . If only the future looked like "  Star Trek , " with its nifty gadgets that seem to solve every problem . They wanted to see the "  Futurama , " a miniaturized replica of a typical 21st century American city that featured moving sidewalks , computer-guided cars zipping along congestion-free highways and resort hotels beneath the sea . Forty years later , we 're still waiting for those congestion-free highways -- along with the jet pack , the paperless office and all those "  Star Trek " - like gadgets that were supposed to make 21st-century life so easy . Daniel Wilson has been waiting as well . He 's looked at the future we imagined for ourselves in pulp comic books , old science magazines and cheesy sci-fi movies from the 1950s , and came up with one question . Why is n't the future what it used to be ? "  I feel entitled to have all this technology that 's been promised at a certain time , " says Wilson , author of "  Where 's My Jetpack ? " "  I look up and say , ` Where 's all this stuff ? ' " Some of that futuristic stuff , it turns out , is already here . Visionaries actually invented objects like flying cars , but they could never work out the real world applications , Wilson says . Other inventions had the same problem . Ordinary people did n't want to have anything to do with them . These futuristic follies include everything from "  Smell-O-Vision , " an invention that helped moviegoers smell as well as see movies ; Sanyo 's "  ultrasonic ultra-squeaky clean human washing machine "  it was dubbed the "  human washing machine , " but would n't fit in an ordinary bathroom  and , of course , the jet pack . "  Scientists are OK at predicting what technology is going to happen in the future , " Wilson says . "  They 're really bad at predicting how it 's going to affect us . " What happened to my jet pack ? The jet pack is a perfect example of predicting the future , Wilson says . He says the jet pack first appeared in 1928 in an Amazing Stories comic book , which featured the hero Buck Rogers zooming though the sky in a jet pack . The jet pack was actually developed by 1961 , Wilson says . An inventor mounted a rocket onto a backpack and called it a rocket belt . A variation of the rocket belt even appeared in the 1965 James Bond movie , "  Thunderball . " Today , the jet pack continues to grab inventors ' imaginations . A daredevil wearing a jet pack flew across a 1,500-foot-wide canyon in Colorado in November . A Swiss pilot , dubbed "  Fusion Man , " flew across the English Channel last year using a single jet-propelled wing . And a New Zealand inventor recently invented a jet pack , which weighs about 250 pounds , that reportedly can run for 30 minutes . The jet pack , though , has never really taken off , Wilson says . The problem is its practical application . While a rocket belt could propel a screaming human to 60 mph in seconds , its fuel lasted for only about half a minute , "  which led to more screaming , " Wilson says . The military could n't find a useful application for it either . A soldier with a jet pack might look cool , but he 's an easy target . Nor could a jet pack be of use to ordinary people who wanted to avoid rush-hour traffic , Wilson says . Jet-packing hordes could transform the skies into an aerial demolition derby , with air rage and drunk drivers turned into wobbly human torpedoes . Yet other bold visions of the future have come true . Remember Rosey the Robot ? That was the name of the robotic maid that waited on the Jetsons , the popular cartoon family from the future . Rosey has become "  Wakamaru . " That 's the name of a 3-foot-tall robot with a goofy grin that the Mitsubishi conglomerate in Japan invented to assist elderly people at home by doing everything from reminding them to take their medicine to looking out for burglars . Wakamaru can recognize faces and up to 10,000 words , Wilson says . "  Beam me Up Scotty , " is a tagline from another television show , "  Star Trek " . But teleportation has been invented , Wilson says . He says a group of international scientists successfully transported a photon -- a bundle of electromagnetic energy -- from one side of a room to another in 1993 . Physicists routinely conduct teleportation experiments today , Wilson says . "  Teleporting anything , even elementary particles , is mind-blowing , " Wilson says . "  Why is it that most people do n't know it exists ? It has n't been put into practice yet . In real life , it 's always about , ` What can you do for me ? ' " A darker view of technology 's future People 's fascination with technology 's imprint on the future did n't start , however , in the mid-20th century with shows like "  The Jetsons " or "  Star Trek . " Joseph Corn , co-author of "  Yesterday 's Tomorrows : Past Visions of the American Future , " found an inflated optimism about technology 's impact on the future as far back as the 19th century , when writers like Jules Verne  "  Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea "  were creating wondrous versions of the future . Even then , people had a misplaced faith in the power of inventions to make life easier , Corn says . For example , the typical 19th-century American city was crowded and smelly . The problem was horses . They created traffic jams , filled the streets with their droppings and , when they died , their carcasses . But around the turn of the 20th century , Americans were predicting that another miraculous invention would deliver them from the burden of the horse and hurried urban life -- the automobile , Corn says . "  There were a lot of predictions associated with early automobiles , " Corn says . "  They would help eliminate congestion in the city and the messy , unsanitary streets of the city . " Corn says Americans ' faith in the power of technology to reshape the future is due in part to their history . Americans have never accepted a radical political transformation that would change their future . They prefer technology , not radical politics , to propel social change . "  Technology has been seen by many Americans as a way to get a better tomorrow without having to deal with revolutionary change , " Corn says . Today , however , a more sober view of technology has sneaked into the nation 's popular culture . In dystopian sci-fi films like "  Blade Runner , " and "  Terminator , " technology creates more problems than it solves . "  Battlestar Galactica , " the recent television series , is a prime example . It depicts a world where human beings have created amazing technology that has brought them to the precipice of extinction . There 's no Buck Rogers zooming blissfully through the sky . The show follows the journey of a group of humans who created a race of robots called Cylons . The Cylons rebel , virtually wipe out humanity with nuclear weapons , and pursue the survivors through space . Mark Verheiden , a Battlestar writer , says the show 's writers pay attention to current events when plotting their story lines . The contemporary world is filled with the unintended consequences of technology , he says . "  There are so many things you ca n't anticipate when you create a new technology , " he says . "  Who would have predicted that the Internet would be taking down shopping malls and wiping out newspapers ? " In Battlestar 's finale , human beings abandon their faith in technology 's ability to improve the future . They destroy their fancy machines and start again as simple hunter-gatherers . "  At some point , you ca n't expect a miracle to come in the form of technology to save us , " Verheiden says . "  At some point , the miracle has to come from a change in attitude and a new outlook . " That does n't mean , however , that Verheiden is n't a fan of imagining future technology . He says he grew up watching "  Star Trek " and immersing himself in Futurama-like exhibits . The elevated cities and the "  Star Trek " voyages of yesteryear may now seem corny , but at least they show humanity has a future , he says . " ` Star Trek ' was saying -LSB- that -RSB- a thousand years from now , people -LSB- will -RSB- figure out how to get along , " Verheiden says . "  In some ways , sci-fi says that the future is still optimistic , because no matter how bleak things are , it suggests that we 're still here . "	Visionaries have long predicted how inventions will alter the future Some miracle inventions never had impact desired by creators Why "  Beam me up Scotty " is closer than people realize "  Battlestar Galactica " writer : "  The miracle " has to come from us , not machines
Thieves have stolen eight shoes belonging to Holocaust victims from a museum in Poland , the latest in a series of thefts targeting memorials to those killed in Nazi concentration camps during World War II . The shoes were stolen from a permanent exhibition at the Majdanek State Museum in Lublin , spokeswoman Agnieszka Kowalczyk-Nowak told CNN on Wednesday . The museum displays 280,000 shoes belonging to Holocaust victims in a former barracks building on the grounds of the former concentration camp . The theft was uncovered when a security guard noticed Thursday that one of the cabinets used to display the shoes had been broken into , Kowalczyk-Nowak said . This triggered a count that revealed that eight shoes had been stolen . Holocaust artifacts bear witness The theft was reported to police , and a criminal investigation is ongoing , she said . It comes less than a month after an iron gate with the notorious Nazi slogan "  Arbeit Macht Frei , " which translates to "  work sets you free , " was stolen from the former Dachau concentration camp in Germany . The Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial museum condemned that theft , saying : "  While we do not know who is behind the theft of the sign , the theft of such a symbolic object is an offensive attack on the memory of the Holocaust . " The famous "  Arbeit Macht Frei " sign at the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in Poland also was stolen in 2009 . It was discovered shortly afterward cut into three pieces . The concentration camp in Lublin , popularly known as Majdanek , housed Jews from Poland and across occupied Europe , as well as Soviet prisoners of war and political prisoners from Poland . According to the museum website , of an estimated 150,000 inmates who entered Majdanek , 80,000 people , including 60,000 Jews , were killed . "  In order to remove the traces of the crimes , the corpses of those who died and the murdered were burnt on pyres or in the crematorium , " it states . eBay removes purported Holocaust memorabilia from site , apologizes	Eight shoes belonging to Holocaust victims are taken from a museum in Lublin A cabinet containing some of 280,000 shoes displayed at the museum was broken into Some 80,000 people , among them 60,000 Jews , were killed at the Majdanek camp
The near daily stream of violence in Iraq is a bitter reminder that the country is still far away from stabilizing and that the Sunni-Shiite divide , which has led to over 6000 deaths in 2013 , appears wider than ever . Despite this climate of uncertainty and destruction , Iraq 's top energy official told CNN that the country 's oil production will continue to climb -- reaching at least 3.5 million barrels a day by the end of the year . Hussain al-Shahristani , the Deputy Prime Minister for Energy , said two new fields in southern Iraq , near Nasiriyah and Basra , have revved up production . "  These two fields will add between them 300 thousand barrels . There 's extra production from the other fields so when you add them up you will get to 3.5 , 3.6 million barrels a day by the end of the year , " Shahristani told me during a one-on-one interview at the Gulf Intelligence conference in Dubai . Iraq has had difficulty managing expectations over the past few years . The original plan was to hit 6 million barrels a day by the end of this year , double that level by 2020 at the latest . Those forecasts have been ratcheted down significantly with the government 's so-called revised integrated strategy . Shahristani said Baghdad needed to decide whether to front load production or set a more realistic target that will allow fields to produce more crude over the next two decades . "  We decided to go for the second option to maximize recovery rather than hit the highest possible production in a short time , " he said . Iraq was criticized within energy circles for signing service contracts that gives international energy giants a production fee of just $ 1.15 - $ 2.50 a barrel , instead of production sharing agreements that give the majors a percentage of overall production . Shahristani admits that strategy has forced a rethink and in some cases a revising of existing contracts . "  I would confess that our contracts have been very tight , perhaps the toughest the oil companies had to deal with , " he said . "  We want the oil companies to make a good profit in Iraq and that is why we are willing to reconsider those contracts , " he added . The climate with its international partners is improving and Iraq is confident it can now deliver a sizable level of production capacity by the end of the decade . It has committed to just over 9 million barrels a day , which would put the country in the league of Saudi Arabia and Russia -- currently the two largest producers in the world . The International Energy Agency in Paris has expressed reservations , suggesting Iraq will be producing 6 million barrels in that time frame . "  All I will say , at this point , is that Iraq has signed contracts with the largest international oil companies who have the best know-how in this field , " Shahristani said . "  And they have very strong financial muscle , if they say they can do it , they can do it . " Further , he added , they are bound by contract to do so . According to BP 's 2013 Statistical Review of World Energy , Iraq sits on 143 billion barrels of crude , 9 % of global proven reserves . Oil executives say there is plenty more to be found , with some 300 potential sites in the southwest of the country still not explored . There is speculation that thawing relations between Tehran and Washington could see a partial lifting of economic sanctions on Iran , which has cut production by 1.5 million barrels a day . The deputy PM said he is hopeful negotiations will proceed in good faith , but does not expect downward pressure on prices as a result . However , he said , it was yet to be seen if that would reflect on oil production in the short term . "  I personally doubt 2014 will give sufficient time even if sanctions are relaxed , " he noted .	The violence in Iraq is a reminder the country is far from stable , but oil production is set to rise this year Its forecasts have previously been ratcheted down and more realistic targets set Deputy PM Hussain al-Shahristani said new fields would add to production Thawing relations between Tehran and Washington could assist in this
Therapy aimed at turning gay kids straight will soon be illegal in California , with the state 's governor declaring he hopes a new law will relegate such efforts "  to the dustbin of quackery . " The legislation -- which the state Senate passed in May , Gov. Jerry Brown signed into law this weekend and will take effect January 1 -- prohibits attempts to change the sexual orientation of patients under age 18 . "  This bill bans non-scientific ` therapies ' that have driven young people to depression and suicide , " Brown tweeted . "  These practices have no basis in science or medicine . " But practitioners of so-called "  reparative therapy " say the assertions of the governor and gay rights advocates "  just are not true , " according to David Pickup , a spokesman for the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality . Joined by "  individual therapists and individual minor clients , " his group will file a "  major lawsuit " this week to challenge the law , " Pickup said . The Pacific Justice Institute separately told CNN it will file its own lawsuit Monday , alleging the law violates the First Amendment . "  We do competent therapy , therapy that truly works , " Pickup , who himself underwent such therapy and now administers it to others , said Monday on CNN . "  For them to have a bill that says , ` No , we ca n't even talk about these issues , we ca n't do anything to help these children resolve their homosexual feelings and maximize their heterosexual potential ' -- that 's the height of political and therapeutic irresponsibility . " Pickup alluded to a report by the American Psychiatric Association that , he says , does n't find any "  proof that  the therapy  causes harm . " But the psychiatric organization -- which is the world 's largest of its kind , with more than 36,000 members -- determined , in fact , that reparative therapy poses a great risk , including increasing the likelihood or severity of depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior for those undergoing therapy . Therapists ' alignment with societal prejudices against homosexuality may reinforce self-hatred already felt by patients , the association says . CNN.com blogs : Gay in America "  The longstanding consensus of the behavioral and social sciences and the health and mental health professions is that homosexuality per se is a normal and positive variation of human sexual orientation , " the association says . After the bill passed the state Senate , Equality California spokeswoman Rebekah Orr praised the "  right first step in making sure that young people are protected from these unscrupulous therapists who are really engaging in therapeutic deception that is based on junk science . " "  This law will ensure that state-licensed therapists can no longer abuse their power to harm LGBT youth and propagate the dangerous and deadly lie that sexual orientation is an illness or disorder that can be ` cured , ' " said Orr 's organization , which describes itself as the largest statewide advocacy group in California working for "  full equality " for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people . Peter Drake , who once participated in reparative therapy , said the bill protects youths from "  a very , very dangerous therapy that does n't work and leaves a lot of people feeling despair and hopelessness . " Yet Pickup insists that the "  children who walk into my office ... crying , depressed , lonely , gender-identity confused and sexually confused " ask for help voluntarily , because they are "  distressed . " Thousands believe , he claims , "  believe there 's a cause-and-effect nature of homosexuality " that can be brought about by instances of abuse and issues like "  gender identity inferiority , " "  un-met needs from ... usually the same-sex parent " and other "  inner wounds that we discover in therapy . " "  When those wounds get healed , the homosexual feelings -- we do n't force them away , they naturally , spontaneously dissipate , " said Pickup , who credits the therapy with having "  helped save my life , " by decreasing his depression and raising his self-esteem . The debate could now move to court , thanks to promised lawsuits by Pickup 's group and the Pacific Justice Institute that describes itself as a network of more than 1,000 attorneys "  defending religious , parental , and other constitutional rights . " "  Of all the freedom-killing bills we have seen in our legislature the last several years , this is among the worst , " said Brad Dacus , the institute 's president and founder , in a written statement . Read more : Massachusetts appeals ruling on prisoner sex change The legal battle could center around the questions of whether such therapy constitutes child abuse and if a ban is unconstitutional . Read more : Denied divorce , some same-sex couples ` wed-locked ' Ryan Kendall , who went through this type of therapy when he was 13 , told CNN it began after his mother read his diary and discovered he was gay . In the therapy , he was consistently told his sexuality was a choice and could "  be fixed , " he said . "  I never believed that . I know I 'm gay just like I know I 'm short and I 'm half Hispanic . I 've never thought that those facts would change . It 's part of my core fundamental identity . So the parallel would be sending me to tall camp and saying , ` If you try very hard , one day you can be 6-foot-1 . ' " Kendall said psychologist Joseph Nicolosi treated him . His parents provided CNN with copies of bills from Nicolosi 's office , but Nicolosi said he did not remember treating someone by that name . He told CNN he views the therapy he provides as "  trying to bring out the heterosexuality " in someone . Yet Nicolosi insisted the therapy is not harmful , and he treats only people who want to change . A leading psychologist in the field of reparative therapy , George Rekers , treated a boy named Kirk Murphy , whose story was told in a 2011 CNN report . Rekers considered Kirk a success story , writing that "  his feminine behavior was gone " -- proof , Rekers said , that homosexuality can be prevented . But Murphy 's family said he never stopped being gay . He hanged himself at the age of 38 . Despite allegations by the family that Rekers ' therapy decades earlier ultimately led to the suicide , Rekers told CNN that scientifically , it "  would be inaccurate to assume that it was the therapy , " and that he grieves for the parents . "  Two independent psychologists with me had evaluated him and said he was better adjusted after treatment , " Rekers said . "  I only meant to help , do the best I could with the parents , " he added . Rekers ' days as a prominent anti-gay champion came to an end after he hired a male escort to accompany him on a trip to Europe . He denied any sexual contact or awareness at the time that the escort offered sexual favors . Earlier this year , psychiatrist Robert L. Spitzer apologized for his 2003 study of reparative therapy , which suggested that it could help gays and lesbians become straight . He said it was deeply flawed . "  I believe I owe the gay community an apology for my study making unproven claims of the efficacy of reparative therapy , " Spitzer said in a letter to the editor of the Archives of Sexual Behavior . "  I also apologize to any gay person who wasted time and energy undergoing some form of reparative therapy because they believed that I had proven that reparative therapy works with some ` highly motivated ' individuals . " Kendall said the therapy he underwent "  led me to periods of homelessness , to drug abuse , to spending a decade of my life wanting to kill myself . It led to so much pain and struggle . And I want them to know that what they do hurts people . "  It hurts children . It has no basis in fact . And they need to stop . "	Two groups say they 're filing lawsuits challenging the newly signed California law A "  reparative therapist " calls the law "  the height of ... irresponsibility " The law will prohibit sexual orientation change therapy for children under age 18 A psychiatric group says the therapy can bring on depression and self-destructive behavior
CNN  -- Manager Arsene Wenger and midfielder Samir Nasri will both miss Arsenal 's next Champions League match after opting not to appeal against one-match suspensions . The pair were handed the bans by UEFA , while Wenger was also fined $ 14,00 , for "  inappropriate language " towards referee Massimo Busacca following the 3-1 defeat to Barcelona earlier this month . Wenger was enraged by the Swiss official 's decision to send off striker Robin van Persie for a second yellow card for kicking the ball away early in the second half . Van Persie was cautioned for taking a shot at goal , just one second after being blown for offside , with the Dutchman protesting that he had not heard the referee 's whistle due to the noise of the 95,000 crowd at the Camp Nou stadium . Arsenal eventually lost the tie 4-3 on aggregate and Wenger insisted that he would deny the charge levelled against him . However , the English Premier League club have now decided not to take the matter any further . A statement on the club 's official website read : "  Arsenal have decided not to appeal against UEFA bans for Arsene Wenger and Samir Nasri . "  The manager and the midfielder were each suspended for one European match following charges of improper conduct in the wake of Arsenal 's Champions League exit at Barcelona . "	Arsene Wenger and Samir Nasri to serve one-match Champions League bans The pair were handed suspensions after Arsenal 's defeat to Barcelona at Camp Nou Wenger was furious with referee Massimo Busacca after Robin van Persie 's dismissal Van Persie was shown a second yellow card for kicking the ball away
CNN  -- Ludogorets Razgrad may only have been founded 13 years ago but on Wednesday it stood on the brink of the biggest result in its brief history . The Bulgarian club , transformed by multi-millionaire businessman Kiril Domuschiev , stood a mere 13 minutes away from a draw with European champions Real Madrid . In front of a packed National Stadium in the Bulgarian capital of Sofia , the Spanish side 's superstars -- including Cristiano Ronaldo , James Rodriguez , Gareth Bale -- were on the verge of a major embarrassment . But Carlo Ancelotti 's side are n't Champions League holders for nothing and France striker Karim Benzema got them out of jail in the nick of time with a goal that sealed a 2-1 win . Football : Beyonce crazy for PSG ? The minnows had gone ahead , Marcelinho converting from a corner after just 6 minutes to send an already excited crowd into raptures . Just four minutes later Javier Hernandez -- on loan from English club Manchester United -- won a penalty but Ronaldo 's effort was saved by Vladislav Stojanov . Ironically , it was defender Cosmin Moti who gave the Portuguese the chance to make amends 15 minutes later after bringing down the world player of the year inside the area . Moti had been Ludogorets ' hero when it made the group stage , going in goal after its goalkeeper was sent off and saving two penalties against Romania 's Steaua Bucharest in the playoff . But Moti could only watch on as Ronaldo found the bottom corner to restore parity . Ludogorets gave as good as it got in an open second half but just as it looked as if the match was destined for a draw , Benzema finished neatly from a right wing cross . The other match in Group B saw English Premier League club Liverpool beaten 1-0 by FC Basel in Switzerland . Marco Streller scored the only goal of the game , pouncing on a loose ball inside the penalty area to slot into the roof of the net from close range . Raheem Sterling wasted Liverpool 's best chance while striker Mario Balotelli was again kept quiet . Captain Steven Gerrard told Sky Sports : "  They wanted it more and we were second best against an OK team . We made it easy for them . We wanted at least a draw and I expected us to win so I 'm very disappointed . " Danny Welbeck notched his first hat-trick in Arsenal colors as the Gunners thumped Turkish side Galatasaray 4-1 at Emirates Stadium in London . The striker , signed by Arsene Wenger from Manchester United on transfer deadline day , struck first on 22 minutes after a through ball from another new recruit -- Alexis Sánchez , signed from Barcelona . Poor defending from the Turks allowed Welbeck to double his tally eight minutes later , as he raced onto a misplaced header from Felipe Melo and finished into the bottom corner . Sanchez ensured Arsenal went into the break leading by three as he cut inside and found the same corner Welbeck had moments earlier . And England forward Welbeck completed his first treble for his new club with a neat finish on 52 minutes , dinking the ball over Fernando Muslera from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's pass . Arsenal were reduced to 10 men when goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny brought down Burak Yilmaz in the area , the striker slotting home from the spot after substitute David Ospina had come on . Webeck told Sky Sports of his first senior hat-trick : "  The manager has shown a lot of faith in me and I 'm delighted to repay him . "  I 'm playing up front in my favored position and I 'm going to do everything I can to help the team . " Wenger , celebrating his 18th anniversary as Gunners boss , added of the striker : "  It was a great performance -- he has the instinct of a goalscorer and finished well the work of the team . " Elsewhere , a double from Adrián Ramos helped German outfit Borussia Dortmund to a 3-0 victory over Anderlecht in Belgium , Ciro Immobile grabbing the other goal . A late goal from Arda Turan sealed victory for Spanish champions Atletico Madrid over Juventus . It was the first goal the Italian champions had conceded this season . Hakan Calhanoglu , Stefan Kiessling and Son Heung-Min got the goals as Bayer Leverkusen defeated Benfica 3-1 in Germany . A double from Markus Rosenberg helped Malmo to a 2-0 victory over Greek club Olympiakos in Sweden , while French side Monaco and Zenit St Petersburg drew 0-0 in Russia .	Real Madrid eke out a narrow away win over Bulgarian minnows Ludogorets Karim Benzema scored the winner with 13 minutes left after Real had gone behind Danny Welbeck grabs a hat-trick as English side Arsenal beat Galatasaray 4-1 Arda Turan 's late goal seals 1-0 win for Spanish champions Atletico Madrid over Juventus
Justine Sacco , a former PR executive who sparked a firestorm of controversy on Twitter , apologized Sunday for her "  needless and careless tweet " about AIDS in Africa . In a written statement . Sacco apologized "  for being insensitive to this crisis -- which does not discriminate by race , gender or sexual orientation , but which terrifies us all uniformly -- and to the millions of people living with the virus , I am ashamed . " She added that she is a native of South Africa and was upset that she had hurt so many people there . "  I am very sorry for the pain I caused , " she wrote . Media company IAC "  parted ways " Saturday with Sacco after the tweet , which read : "  Going to Africa . Hope I do n't get AIDS . Just kidding . I 'm white ! " "  The offensive comment does not reflect the views and values of IAC . We take this issue very seriously , and we have parted ways with the employee in question , " an IAC spokesman said in a statement . "  There is no excuse for the hateful statements that have been made and we condemn them unequivocally , " he said . "  We hope , however , that time and action , and the forgiving human spirit , will not result in the wholesale condemnation of an individual who we have otherwise known to be a decent person at core . " The tweet Sacco sent before she left Friday for Cape Town , South Africa , went viral and created a social media firestorm . The incident -- Boing Boing called it "  the tweet heard round the world " -- was a glaring reminder that every word uttered on the Internet can be heard by seemingly everyone on the Internet , sometimes with serious consequences . Sacco was the head of corporate communications for IAC , the media company chaired by Barry Diller that operates websites such as The Daily Beast , About.com , CollegeHumor and Match.com . Her whole job revolved around communicating with reporters -- which made her Twitter comment about Africa all the more shocking . Sacco was in London and about to begin a long vacation in South Africa when she wrote the message . Her Twitter account was relatively obscure when she posted it -- fewer than 500 people were following it . But the message went viral on Friday , unbeknownst to Sacco , who apparently did not have Internet access on her flight . Websites such as Valleywag and Buzzfeed highlighted Sacco 's account , and soon it had thousands of followers -- and thousands of harsh replies directed at it . Some were downright hateful . Others said they felt sorry for Sacco , regardless of how offensive her Twitter message was , because she had n't had a chance to defend herself during the 12-hour flight . As Twitter observers parsed through her public posts , many were disturbed by her previous messages .  "  I had a sex dream about an autistic kid last night , " she once wrote . Her account was a laundry list of banal complaints about poor customer service and other apparent indignities . "  It seems she has left a trail of casual racism across social media on her various travels , " Chris Taylor , a writer for Mashable , opined . Still , Taylor wrote , "  it was hard to ignore a disturbing feeling in the mob 's response " to the Twitter messages "  and something creepy in the trial by social media that was going on in her absence . " On Friday afternoon , with hours to go before she landed , another corporate communications representative for IAC issued a statement that tried to address the online controversy . "  This is an outrageous , offensive comment that does not reflect the views and values of IAC , " the company said . "  Unfortunately , the employee in question is unreachable on an international flight , but this is a very serious matter and we are taking appropriate action . " The statement led many to believe that Sacco would be reprimanded or even terminated when she landed in South Africa . Parody accounts started to appear on Twitter and Facebook that portrayed Sacco as a mean , bitter person . On Friday evening a Twitter hashtag , #HasJustineLandedYet , became a running commentary about Sacco ; some people observed that she 'd have to put her crisis communications expertise to the test to save her own career . Meanwhile , other Twitter users started scoping out Sacco 's past messages and flagged other questionable comments she 'd made before , like this one : "  I ca n't be fired for things I say while intoxicated right ? " All of those messages disappeared , though , early on Saturday , when someone -- presumably Sacco -- deleted her Twitter account . IAC had no immediate comment about how or why her account was removed . Some good does seem to have come out of the incident , at least . Advocates for AIDS relief set up websites to encourage donations ; one of the sites read , "  The AIDS epidemic is bigger than a tweet from a person in PR . If we want real change , we need to think beyond Justine . Let 's turn that anger into something tangible . "	Top PR executive says she is very sorry and ashamed She no longer works for large media company IAC Corporate communications head was on 12-hour flight when tweet went viral IAC says , "  There is no excuse for the hateful statements that have been made "
CNN  -- An American serving an eight-year sentence in North Korea recently attempted suicide , North Korea 's official news agency said Friday . The state-run Korean Central News Agency reported that Aijalon Mahli Gomes attempted to take his own life "  driven by his strong guilty conscience , disappointment and despair at the U.S. government that has not taken any measure for his freedom . " The news agency said the Swedish Embassy , which represents U.S. interests in North Korea , had "  acquainted itself with the condition of the patient at the hospital . " The Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it does not comment on individual cases and refused to confirm or deny its involvement . Gomes was arrested after crossing the North Korea-China border on January 25 . In April , he was sentenced to eight years of hard labor for what state media described as "  a hostile act committed against the Korean nation . " The American was , according to South Korean press reports , an English language teacher with strong Christian convictions , who had taken part in anti-North Korean protests in the South . Last month , KCNA reported that North Korea may consider a tougher punishment for Gomes if the United States "  persists in its hostile approach " toward Pyongyang . Two American journalists -- Laura Ling and Euna Lee , who had crossed the border last March and were arrested and sentenced to 12 years hard labor -- were released in August after an intervention by former U.S. President Bill Clinton . Robert Park , a Korean-American Christian evangelist who was arrested after entering the country on Christmas Day , had given a media interview in which he stated his aim to force change in North Korean human rights conditions . He was released in February after telling North Korean state media that he had been wrong about human rights conditions there . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	North Korea sentenced man to 8 years of hard labor Gomes detained January 25 for trespassing into North Korea from China Sweden , which represents U.S. interests , reportedly looked into the case
CNN  -- As divers searched frigid waters off South Korea in low visibility , hoping to save hundreds of passengers , a dominant theory began to emerge about how the ferry sank . It most likely struck something in the water , said Peter Boynton , a retired U.S. Coast Guard captain . "  The speed with which this ferry began to list and then roll over on its side suggests significant damage , most likely causing major flooding that would cause a vessel of this size -- almost 500 feet long -- to quickly roll onto its side . That 's very likely the result of significant damage , " he said . Some passengers reported hearing a loud bang before the ship began sinking . That could be from cargo shifting or "  some other internal damage , " Boynton told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  But it does sound , from initial reports , it was more likely that something was struck . " When the ship left Seoul , it traveled through fog , which may have put it off course , said Mary Schiavo , former inspector general for the Department of Transportation . "  So if they hit something , that would have meant they were out of the channel , which is quite easy to do , " Schiavo said . ` We are not dead yet ' passengers texted But the South Korean Oceans and Fisheries Ministry said Thursday that the ferry did not deviate significantly from its intended route . The agency approved the ferry 's intended route , and "  there was no huge difference between their plan and the actual track chart , " spokesman Nam Jae Heon said . Schiavo said other possibilities include engine failure or an explosion , particularly in the engine room . "  But that probably alone would n't account for the sinking this quickly . It probably was something else that happened , " she said . Making matters worse , the ferry carried dozens of vehicles . Once an auto deck is breached , "  it 's typically open to very significant flooding , " Boynton said . That could explain "  why the ferry in just a matter of hours began to roll onto its side so quickly . " Coast guard and navy ships , as well as fishing boats , rushed into the area . The challenge ahead For rescue divers , a combination of factors makes saving people especially difficult : very cold waters , strong currents and low visibility , made worse by nightfall . "  The underwater challenges are very , very significant and pose , I would think , tremendous risk for the people who I 'm sure are doing their best to help , " Boynton said . For the passengers , the most immediate danger is the cold . "  Pretty much everyone we saw was wearing a life jacket , " journalist Andrew Salmon reported on CNN International . "  So the concern is hypothermia . If you 're not picked up within two hours , you 're in significant danger -- your body core goes cold . " Can they survive in air pockets ? Some of the rescued passengers report that when the ship began to sink , they were told to jump into the water immediately -- and not to take time to get into life boats . Sometimes after a breach , as the water begins gushing in , "  there 's a sucking , there 's a motion , that just makes it impossible to fight , " Schiavo said . "  So the order to abandon ship might have indicated that . ... It 's almost like a suction that occurs when the water starts coming on , and you ca n't fight it . " But other passengers said they were told to stay on the ship . Sometimes , "  conflicting commands " are given , Schiavo said . "  There can be a lot of confusion in an event like this . "	South Korean oceans ministry : The ship did not deviate much from its intended route Some passengers reported hearing a bang before the ship sank The ship had traveled through fog , but conditions were clear at the time of the accident The most immediate danger to passengers is hypothermia
CNN  -- Jurors in the capital murder trial of Casey Anthony had a front-row seat this week to the vivid yet imaginary world the Florida mother created in the weeks after 2-year-old daughter Caylee disappeared in 2008 . The jury heard detailed stories from her mother , her brother and finally , Anthony herself , of her business trips to Tampa and visits to an old flame that later proved to be false . Through recordings of Anthony 's police interviews , jailhouse visits and a 911 call , the silent woman at the defense table finally spoke . Throughout the conversations , one sentiment is conveyed to Anthony again and again : stop lying , or face the worst of consequences . Florida prosecutors say the lies did not end , and now Anthony could face the death penalty . She is charged with seven counts , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police in the 2008 death of daughter Caylee . The last time the little girl was seen was June 16 , 2008 . She was not reported missing until July 15 , 2008 , by Cindy Anthony , Casey Anthony 's mother . Her body was found in December 2008 , in a wooded area less than a mile from the Anthony family home in eastern Orange County . Anthony , 25 , has denied harming her daughter or having anything to do with the little girl 's disappearance or death . Her lawyer has said that once all the facts were known , it will become clear his client is innocent . In a July 16 , 2008 , police interview , which the jury heard Thursday , Orange County Sheriff 's Sgt. John Allen told Anthony the time had come to reveal the truth . "  By burying this ... you are not going to get yourself to a better place , OK , " Allen said . "  What you 're going to do is you 're going to cause everybody else around you to suffer . And at some point this is going to come out ; it always does . " After arrest , Casey Anthony insisted focus was on finding Caylee Anthony heard the same sentiment again during in a jailhouse phone call to her mother , also on July 16 , 2008 . When Anthony blames her mother for her being in jail , Cindy Anthony fights back . "  Well , whose fault is your sitting in the jail ? " she asked her daughter . "  Blame yourself for telling lies . " The excuses Testimony earlier in the trial , which began last week in Clearwater , Florida , revealed that Anthony lied to her parents and avoided them for 31 days in the summer of 2008 while Caylee was supposedly missing . This week , jurors learned more about what Anthony told her parents during that time and what she was actually doing . From the witness stand Tuesday , Anthony 's mother described heated confrontations with her daughter on July 15 , 2008 , after she learned she had been lying about her whereabouts for a month . Those stories began with Anthony saying she was having a sleepover with a nanny named Zenaida "  Zanny " Gonzalez . Then , Anthony was out of town on a work trip to Tampa . By the fourth week , Anthony 's story was that she was out of town visiting an old boyfriend named Jeffrey Michael Hopkins . Cindy Anthony caught her daughter in her lies by discovering she was , in fact , in Orlando with a different boyfriend . By the time her mother called 911 to report Caylee mising , Anthony had a new story . "  I know who has her . She 's been my nanny for about a year-and-a-half , almost two years , " Anthony told the operator in the July 15 , 2008 , call , which jurors heard Tuesday . When asked by the operator why she waited so long to report her daughter missing , Casey replied , "  I have been looking for her and have gone through other resources to try to find her , which was stupid . " The characters In the following days , Gonzalez 's alleged role would expand from an occasionally mentioned nanny to a central character in Caylee 's disappearance . When initially questioned by Orange County Detective Yuri Melich on July 16 , 2008 , about Gonzalez , Anthony provided a description of her without hesitation . That interview was played Wednesday . Anthony said she 'd known Zanny for four years after they met working together at Universal Studios . She provided a physical description of Gonzalez , her address , even her mother 's name . Other characters were also fleshed out . Hopkins , a former Universal Studios co-worker , according to Casey , lived in Jacksonville and had a son named Zachary who played with Caylee . And then there was Juliette Lewis , another co-worker at Universal , who now lived in New York , Anthony said . She also had a daughter Caylee 's age . Anthony claimed she called Lewis and Hopkins when she realized Caylee was missing . But prosecutors claim Anthony was not looking for her daughter in the month she was missing . Instead , she was staying with her boyfriend , spending time in Orlando with friends , attending parties , going shopping and hitting nightclubs , according to testimony from friends , her former boyfriend , and acquaintances , who also said that she did not mention her daughter being missing during that time . Anthony 's frustration level with her parents , particularly her mother , was rising around the time Caylee disappeared , friend Amy Huizenga testified Tuesday . Friend : Casey Anthony was ` frustrated ' with mother "  I remember she told me her mom had told her she was an unfit mother . She was extremely upset about that . " But Anthony also was agitated at her mother because she had to cancel plans "  fairly frequently " when no one was available to watch her daughter , Huizenga testified . In late June , Huizenga said , Anthony told her that she was keeping Caylee away from her parents , as they were having marital problems and were considering divorce , and "  she wanted to keep Caylee out of the drama . " ` Fessing up On Thursday , Melich described the day Anthony was finally forced to admit her lies , at least in part . On July 16 , 2008 , Melich worked with Universal Studios to scour the employee database . Anthony was in the database , but she had n't been affiliated with Universal for years . Melich also found no record of Gonzalez or Lewis . A Jeffrey Hopkins was found , but never worked for the company at the same time as Casey . Gonzalez 's supposed apartment had also been found vacant . Anthony voluntarily met Melich at Universal Studios to discuss the matter . Melich testified Thursday that he watched Anthony try to enter the park without a badge then attempted to lead him to her office before being forced to admit she did n't have one . "  I can tell you just for certainty everything you 've told me so far has been a lie , " Melich said in a recorded interview played for the jury on Thursday . "  I 've gone to every address that you 've told me . I 've looked up every name , I 've talked to every person that you wanted me to talk or try to . And found out all these names you 're giving me are people that either never worked here or been fired a long time ago , OK . " Anthony conceded she did n't work at Universal and that the people she had described as her co-workers did not exist . Yet she continued to blame Gonzalez for the disappearance of her child . The breakdown : Casey Anthony 's "  imaginary friends " Cindy Anthony said her daughter had been telling her about Gonzalez along with numerous other people -- a boyfriend , a co-worker and a man named Eric Baker , whom she believed to be Caylee 's father -- for years before Caylee went missing . At the time , she said , she never had a reason to believe those people were fictitious . "  I just found out they were imaginary people , " she testified . A Zenaida Gonzalez was later found , but she had no affiliation with Anthony aside from having filled out a guest card at the Orlando apartment complex where Anthony claimed the nanny lived . The apartment where Anthony said Gonzalez lived was found to be vacant , and there was no record of Gonzalez in the Universal Studios employee database . As week two concludes , it now appears Allen was right in his prediction that Anthony 's stories ultimately would lead to suffering for others . However , it is yet to be seen whether the second part of his prophecy will be realized : that the truth will come out .	Jury learns of lies Anthony told parents regarding whereabouts during crucial month Anthony said she was taking business trips , visiting a friend in Tampa Later , she told police she was trying to find Caylee , and blamed nanny named "  Zanny " Anthony denies killing her daughter ; she faces the death penalty if convicted
CNN  -- Marco Rubio crossed his party again on immigration . The potential 2016 presidential contender from Florida was one of 11 Republican senators joining most Democrats to support a procedural vote this week on legislation aimed at stemming the tide of immigrant children crossing the southern border . The vote for the $ 2.7 billion Democratic bill aimed at meeting needs of the immigrant families in the surge and kids who arrived on their own , simply allowed lawmakers to begin debate on the measure . But it 's significant as the Democrats needed the lofty threshold of 60 votes to move on to the border package that is in line with their priorities and basically those of the White House although it would spend $ 1 billion less than what President Barack Obama wants . Most in Rubio 's caucus opposed , including fellow potential White House hopefuls Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas . And it all took place as House leaders reworked their version in an uncertain bid to attract conservative support to address the situation most consider a humanitarian crisis . The Rubio vote carries unique significance for him , regardless of the proposal 's outcome . That 's because his aspirations for higher office took a big hit in the Republican Party over his central role in drafting and then voting for comprehensive immigration reform last summer . He later moved away from the legislation , but it was too late , politically . Vocal and influential conservatives panned the measure over their claims it would not secure the southern border and would only create amnesty for some 11 million undocumented immigrants already in the country . The legislation stalled in the GOP-led House , as did Rubio 's standing with the right wing of the party . Conservative views are paramount in the presidential nominating contest , and they simply did n't like what the son of Cuban immigrants had done . Senate votes to start debate on emergency border bill So after all that , and a lot of effort since to rebuild his standing with conservatives , why did he cast his lot with Democrats on an immigration vote again ? "  I voted to move to the Senate border bill so that we would have the opportunity to vote on and pass amendments that would achieve real reforms , " Rubio wrote in a statement . He also said he would not support a final bill unless the Democratic-led chamber did two things that Republicans want : Change a 2008 law to make it easier to deport young migrants from Central America as a deterrent and toss parts of an Obama administration program that eases deportation of other immigrants in the United States illegally . Most Democrats do n't want either change , but Republicans blame the influx of young immigrants from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras on what they contend are flawed immigration policies . The message , they say intended or not , is that it 's easier to immigrate . This is the first time in the border crisis debate that Rubio has inserted himself in a significant way . While he has given numerous interviews about the nearly 60,000 minors -- many of them unaccompanied -- who have crossed the border in the past 10 months , he has not been instrumental in crafting emergency legislation in Congress to address it . Rubio 's vote on Wednesday certainly carries some risk , judging by conservative responses to more Republican-friendly legislation in the House . Erick Erickson , editor of the conservative blog RedState , wrote Thursday that the slimmed down , $ 659 million House proposal is actually "  inexcusable . " His problem with it is that it gives money to Obama to disperse to border and other immigration programs without imposing the changes to immigration policy Republicans want immediately . Cruz convinces House to alter border bill While Rubio 's willingness to move forward could be unpopular among conservatives , enough lawmakers on both sides of the aisle and in both chambers are concerned about leaving town Friday for the month of August without doing anything about the border crisis . House members and senators will be spend the rest of the summer amid constituents back home where polls show immigration overall is especially on the minds of voters . In a recent CNN/ORC survey , 39 % say it 's extremely important for Obama and Congress to deal with illegal immigration in general , up 10 points from last year . "  That means that immigration is the only issue tested that has grown significantly more important to the public in the past year , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . House GOP seeks cover with slimmer border bill CNN 's Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Sen. Marco Rubio was one of 11 Republicans to back a procedural vote on the border crisis Fellow potential 2016 contenders , Sens. Ted Cruz and Rand Paul , opposed it The House reworked its bill to appease conservatives Though it 's not clear whether Congress will work out a compromise
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal will face Roger Federer in Sunday 's final ATP World Tour Finals at the O2 Arena in London . Federer dispatched semi-final opponent Novak Djokovic in straight sets 6-1 6-4 on Saturday evening , while Rafael Nadal beat a determined Andy Murray 7-6  7-5  3-6 7-6  8-6  in the first semi-final earlier in the day . Federer was in ruthless form in the opening set , holding his opening service game to love and then wasted no time breaking the Serb 's serve in the next . Djokovic managed to open his account in the fourth game , but there was no stopping the World No. 2 after that as he secured a double break in the sixth , before polishing off the set with trademark efficiency . The Serb started the second set more promisingly , holding his opening two service games and breaking Federer in between to establish a 3-0 lead . But Federer broke back in the fifth to restore parity , and broke again in the ninth with a series of wonderful forehand winners , before holding serve to win the set and the match . Tennis aces feel like rock stars Earlier in the day , World No. 1 Nadal narrowly overcame Britain 's Andy Murray in an epic three setter 7-6  7-5  3-6 7-6  8-6  . Despite a spirited display , Murray 's pre-match pessimism earlier in the week turned out to be well-founded , as the Spaniard eventually prevailed in a grueling encounter . Murray produced his best tennis of the week and there was little to choose between the two men in the first set as they traded some thumping forehands . But there were few alarms on serve as the set progressed and a tiebreak was the inevitable conclusion . Nadal secured the first mini-break to go 3-1 up and soon extended his lead to 5-2 . But Murray fought back , winning the next three points to level up at 5-5 . But a miscued running forehand by the Scot handed Nadal his first set point which he seized , attacking Murray 's serve before delivering a deft drop volley . The first six games of the second set went with serve , but in the seventh Murray earned himself three break points . Nadal managed to save them all , but an over-hit return at deuce handed Murray a fourth opportunity which , this time , he secured with a crosscourt backhand winner . Murray held his next service game to lead 5-3 and when Nadal faltered again on his serve Murray took full advantage and ensured -- to the delight of a rapt crowd at the O2 Arena -- that the match would go to a deciding third set . Nadal started it the stronger , breaking Murray in the third game and looked as if he would close out the set and the match comfortably . But Murray claimed the 10th game to level the scores at five games apiece as the match headed towards a deciding tiebreak . Murray had the better of the early exchanges and opened up a 4-1 lead only for Nadal to level things up at 4-4 . The Spaniard then seized the initiative which saw him close out the tiebreak 8-6 and take the match to set up a 22nd meeting with Federer . Nadal has an impressive 14-7 head-to-head record against the 16-time Grand Slam champion , according to atpworldtour.com . Their last meeting was on clay at ATP Masters event in Spain earlier this year , where Nadal won in straight sets and in their last ten meetings the Spaniard has prevailed seven times . But it 's currently honors even in their hard court meetings with each player having won on three occasions .	Rafael Nadal overcomes spirited Andy Murray to book place in ATP World Tour final Roger Federer earns comfortable win over Novak Djokovic 6-1 6-4 in other semi Pair have met on 21 previous occasions , with Nadal currently leading 14 matches to seven
CNN  -- Campaigning resumed in the French presidential election on Thursday following the violent death of shooting suspect Mohammed Merah following a police siege in Toulouse . Merah was wanted for the killings of three French paratroopers and of three children and a rabbi at a Jewish school in the city , in a string of shootings beginning March 11 that shook the nation . Merah had told French police he trained with al Qaeda in Pakistan , and he had planned to attack more soldiers and police , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said . He said he was acting alone , the prosecutor added . Most candidates in the election suspended campaigning following the most recent shooting in Toulouse , but normal politics resumed following the bloody end to the siege . How did candidates react to the crisis ? Most candidates called for national unity amid the national outpouring of grief for the victims . President Nicolas Sarkozy , who is running for a second term , visited Toulouse and offered his sympathies to bereaved families . Other candidates even flew to the city on the same plane to show their respects . Sarkozy 's main rival , Socialist Party candidate Francois Hollande , suspended his campaign "  to honor the memories " of the victims . Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen initially cancelled campaign events , saying politics must be suspended "  as a sign of compassion and solidarity . " Did the mood of unity hold ? In a word , no . Le Pen , who is running in third place in opinion polls , was the first to break ranks with this rare outbreak of political consensus , CNN 's Jim Bittermann noted . The National Front leader said "  The danger of fundamentalism has been under-estimated in our country . " This sparked an angry response from far-left challenger Jean-Luc Melenchon , who accused the National Front of being "  vultures " feeding at the scene of crimes . Centrist candidate Francois Bayrou accused the extreme right of trying to "  surf " to power on the back of the attacks . Bayrou , currently in fourth place , refused to suspend his campaign during the hunt for the attackers , and criticized rivals for their anti-immigrant comments , which he said may have provoked the suspect into action . Other candidates said it was impossible to make this link . Was race an issue before the attacks ? Along with the economic crisis , immigration and race have been prevalent themes in the campaign for the presidential election , the first round of which takes place next month . Sarkozy declared this month there were "  too many foreigners " in France , while Le Pen has criticized the production of Islamic halal meat in Paris . Political analyst Simon Persico , from the Center of European Studies in Paris , said Sarkozy won the 2007 election by being right-wing , and taking a strong stance on race , but had found it difficult to maintain this stance while in power . "  In this election , Le Pen is saying the original is better than the copy , and that voters should not believe Sarkozy on race , " he told CNN . "  Whichever viewpoint is true though , the president has a record of five years of creating conflict , and while he may say he was right to raise the issue of the growth of Islamic fundamentalists in France , maybe now is the time to appease tensions on race . " How do the public view Sarkozy 's handling of the crisis ? The president , who had been lagging behind Hollande for most of the campaign , seems to have received an initial political boost from the tragedy , said political commentator Christian Malard , senior analyst for France 3 TV . "  Sarkozy is observed by many people to have been acting well and decisively during the crisis , " he said . But the socialists were asking why it took more than 30 hours to kill Merah -- and how he could kill so many people while he was under surveillance by security services . "  Sarkozy must tread warily : a year ago he oversaw the ban on Islamic veils in public but he is aware there are six million Muslims in France , half of them from North African former colonies , and he is careful to say few of them are radical . "  So if Sarkozy is to beat Hollande he must win over the electorate of both the center , and the far-right of Le Pen . He needs all the people . " The crisis could yet have a negative effect on Sarkozy though , with the far-right saying that the government had failed to protect French people from Islamic fundamentalists . Thierry Arnaud , senior political correspondent for BFM TV , said that while Sarkozy had benefited from appearing statesmanlike in recent weeks it remained to be seen what long-term advantage he would gain . "  He is certainly anxious to resume campaigning " to create momentum , Arnaud noted . What impact will the attacks have on campaigning ? Many voters are keen for the political rhetoric to cool and the focus to turn to more mundane matters . The state of the economy and unemployment , especially among the young and ethnic minorities , remains the main concern for most voters . For this reason , as Persico noted , Sarkozy may be keen to keep the focus on security and the Toulouse attacks -- issues on which he looks strong . Before the crisis , Hollande was ahead in the polls thanks to a strong showing on economic issues , Malard said but added that even on this issue the president was gaining ground . "  Lots of people are telling me that between Hollande and Sarkozy , ` we might switch our votes to Sarkozy . ' "  This debate between Sarkozy and Hollande is turning into a battle between two heavyweight fighters , but amid the storm of the economic crisis and world upheavals a lot of people are coming back to Sarkozy . "	Campaigning resumed in the French presidential election on Thursday following the death of Mohammed Merah Most candidates in the election suspended campaigning following the most recent shooting in Toulouse Normal politics resumed following the bloody end to the siege Most candidates called for national unity amid the national outpouring of grief for the victims
CNN  For years , Warren Weinstein 's family frantically searched for details about his whereabouts and pushed for his release . His wife said she was still searching for answers Thursday after U.S. officials revealed the 73-year-old American aid worker had been accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda . "  We were so hopeful that those in the U.S. and Pakistani governments with the power to take action and secure his release would have done everything possible to do so , and there are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through , " Elaine Weinstein said in a statement . "  We do not yet fully understand all of the facts surrounding Warren 's death , but we do understand that the U.S. government will be conducting an independent investigation of the circumstances . " Gunmen abducted Weinstein in 2011 from his home in Lahore , Parkistan . They posed as neighbors , offered food and then pistol-whipped the American aid worker and tied up his guards , his family said . Just a few months after Weinstein 's capture , al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a recording claiming the terror group was holding Weinstein -- and demanding , among other things , that the United States end airstrikes in Pakistan . U.S. officials called for his release but repeatedly said Washington would n't bargain with al Qaeda . Weinstein -- a husband , father and grandfather from Rockville , Maryland -- was 73 years old when he was killed , according to a family website detailing information about his case . He worked in Pakistan as a contractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development from 2004 to 2011 , the website says . His employer , Virginia-based consulting firm J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , described him as a world-renowned development expert . "  Warren spent his entire life working to benefit people across the globe and loved the work that he did to make people 's lives better , " his wife said Thursday . He loved the Pakistani people and their culture , she said , learning to speak Urdu and doing "  everything he could to show his utmost and profound respect for the region . " As he announced Weinstein 's death Thursday , U.S. President Barack Obama praised what he said was Weinstein 's lifelong dedication to service , first as a Peace Corps volunteer and later as a USAID contractor . Weinstein , Obama said , was someone who "  willingly left the comforts of home to help the people of Pakistan , " focusing his work on helping families escape poverty to give their children a better life . "  This was a man who basically dedicated his life to service , to people in general , but especially to people in a country where the standard of living was low and difficult . ... It 's tragic that he was killed the way he was , " former U.S. Ambassador Dan Simpson said . Simpson met Weinstein in 1968 when they were both working in Burundi -- Simpson as a diplomat and Weinstein as a scholar researching several books . Weinstein "  was a very kind person , " Simpson said , "  and someone who was very sensitive to the needs of the people who he worked with . " Another hostage was also killed in the January operation , Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto . U.S. officials knew they were targeting an al Qaeda compound in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region in the January counterterrorism operation , Obama said , but they did n't know that the hostages were also there . Both Lo Porto and Weinstein were people who "  believed passionately " that they could make a difference , Obama said . "  There could be no starker contrast between these two selfless men and their al Qaeda captors , " Obama said Thursday . "  Warren 's work benefited people across faiths . Meanwhile , al Qaeda boasted to the world that it held Warren citing his Jewish faith . " Weinstein 's health had been deteriorating , Obama said . Last year daughter Alisa Weinstein told CNN her father suffered from a heart condition and severe asthma . But it was still an optimistic time for the family . That month captors released U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , and that buoyed hopes from Weinstein 's family that he could also be freed . "  They have shown with this exchange that they can get this done . If they want to , they can do this , " Alisa Weinstein said at the time . "  So I know that they can do it for us and they can do it for others . " But a prisoner swap never happened for Weinstein , even though his family pushed for one . Al Qaeda released a video of Weinstein on Christmas 2013 . He appeared gaunt and said he was suffering . "  Needless to say , I 've been suffering deep anxiety every part of every day , not knowing what is happening to my family and not knowing how they are and because I am not with them , " Weinstein said in the video . At the time , a former colleague and friend said his appearance in the video was jarring . "  Quite honestly , I did n't recognize him in the picture , " Laurie Wiseberg told CNN . "  He has changed so dramatically from the person he used to be in terms of appearance and I would hope something could be done so he has a chance to be reunited with his family , his wife , his children and grandchildren , and not have to die in a foreign country far away from those he loves . " At the time , The Washington Post also reported that it had received a letter from Weinstein . The letter , which was also posted on the website of the SITE Intelligence group , described his background doing human rights work . The letter said that before becoming a consultant in 2003 , Weinstein had worked as a college professor at the State University of New York - Oswego , as a Peace Corps country director in Togo and Ivory Coast and for USAID and the World Bank . "  I hope that the media can mount a campaign to get the American government to actively pursue my release and to make sure that I am not forgotten and just become another statistic , " the letter said . "  Given my age and my health I do n't have time on my side . " Weinstein 's wife 's statement on Thursday thanked some but also blasted the governments of the United States and Pakistan for not doing more to help her husband . While Maryland members of Congress -- Rep. John Delaney , Sen. Barbara Mikulski and Sen. Ben Cardin -- and members of the FBI were "  relentless " in efforts to free her husband , she said others in the U.S. government were "  inconsistent and disappointing over the course of 3 1/2 years . " "  We hope that my husband 's death and the others who have faced similar tragedies in recent months will finally prompt the U.S. government to take its responsibilities seriously and establish a coordinated and consistent approach to supporting hostages and their families , " she said . Pakistani government and military officials also should have done more , she said . "  Warren 's safe return should have been a priority for them based on his contributions to their country , but they failed to take action earlier in his captivity when opportunity presented itself , instead treating Warren 's captivity as more of an annoyance than a priority , " she said . "  I hope the nature of our future relationship with Pakistan is reflective of how they prioritize situations such as these . " But ultimately , she said her husband 's captors are the ones responsible for his death . "  I can assure you that he would still be alive and well if they had allowed him to return home after his time abroad working to help the people of Pakistan , " she said . "  The cowardly actions of those who took Warren captive and ultimately to the place and time of his death are not in keeping with Islam and they will have to face their God to answer for their actions . " Opinion : Could Weinstein have been saved ? CNN 's Elise Labott , Jim Sciutto and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	Warren Weinstein 's wife says the family is still searching for answers Officials say Weinstein and another al Qaeda hostage were accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike Gunmen abducted the USAID contractor from his home in Pakistan in 2011
CNN  -- This Sunday , my family will be among the 110 million people gathered in front of their TVs to watch the Super Bowl , and with ad revenue projected at $ 300 million , we can expect advertisers to be as outrageous as ever , with spots promoting junk food , alcohol and erectile dysfunction drugs and depicting violence , sex and gender stereotypes . This said , TV ads -- even during the Super Bowl -- might be the least of parents ' concerns . Digital media has dramatically changed the advertising landscape , and includes immersive websites , "  advergaming , " viral marketing , mobile ads , social media marketing and precise behavioral and location targeting . More than ever before , advertising and entertainment are inextricably linked . In many cases , the content is the ad , and this can be particularly confusing for children , who are less able to understand persuasive intent . Common Sense Media just released a research brief -- "  Advertising to Children and Teens : Current Practices " -- to provide an inventory of advertising practices aimed at kids and teens and calling for research to quantify exposure and examine the effects . The report finds that the integration of advertising and content across so many platforms -- from product placement to online games and Facebook apps -- has made it much more difficult for researchers to measure the exposure and impact of advertising on kids . While traditional advertising and its effects on kids have been well researched , no one knows the impact of these new media platforms . The concern is n't just what products are sold to kids or what messages are sent to them , it 's that new modes of advertising are insidious and particularly troubling for kids and teens , who are less able to differentiate advertising from entertainment and whose sense of self is still developing . What does it mean for a tween or teen girl to receive weight-loss ads , targeted to her based on her age , gender , location , the foods she likes and the topics she searches ? We need to understand the impact of this type of advertising on young people , what it means for their consumption habits , self-esteem , and right to privacy . Kids are also becoming a critical part of the product-selling cycle , without being paid  or even knowing , in many cases  . Even Super Bowl advertisers are relying on our kids in large part to spread the word for them . For example , Doritos ' "  Crash the Super Bowl " ad contest has been seeking votes all over the Web -- including the kids ' game site Addicting Games -- where information can be collected , and where likes , shares and views are the new measure of success . And a young person 's "  liking " or "  sharing " of a product may appear in their friends ' newsfeeds as endorsements or testimonials . No longer can you simply hit the mute button or fast-forward through the Viagra ads . Millions of kids will be on phones and tablets while watching the big game and the ads they interact with on these little screens -- that might not even register as ads -- have far greater implications for kids ' healthy development . Media and ad savvy is now an essential skill and it 's imperative we teach our kids to view media critically -- to understand what 's being sold and what methods are used to sell products . And we must call upon the research community to develop new methods to quantify and analyze the effects of advertising on young people , not just to limit what 's negative but to have a better understanding of how to reach kids with positive messages . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Steyer .	Kids will see Super Bowl ads for junk food and booze , with violence , sex and sexism Steyer : Digital media ads are insidious : "  advergaming , " viral and social media marketing He says kids are a part of the product-selling cycle , without being paid or even knowing Media and ad savvy is essential , he says . We must teach kids to view media critically
President Obama may not be a welcome sight on the campaign trail for Democrats in many key Senate races , but the first lady is a different story . Michelle Obama made her campaign trail debut Monday in the hotly contested Georgia race for the U.S. Senate . She headlined a fundraiser and a voter registration rally for Democratic candidate Michelle Nunn , among other Democratic candidates up for election in the Peach State . "  The stakes this year could n't be higher . If we do n't show up in the polls this November , if we do n't elect leaders in Congress and here in Georgia who put people first instead of fighting for special interests , we know exactly what will happen , " the first lady told an energized crowd , before going on to outline the familiar Democratic attack lines heard in the past two election cycles . "  We will see more folks interfering in women 's private decisions about our health care . We 'll see more folks denying that climate change even exists . We 'll see more votes against equal pay and immigration reform and raising " the minimum wage . The first lady 's trip began with an event at Booker T. Washington High School in Atlanta highlighting her Reach Higher initiative , which encourages High School students to pursue higher education . She delivered a speech to students and faculty . The speech , which lasted less than a half an hour , was briefly interrupted when a female student fainted , but the interruption was a short one . Obama paused , called for a medic to attend to the student , and continued with her remarks . The Georgia Senate race , an open contest as a result of the retirement of Sen. Saxby Chambliss , is a marquee contest of the 2014 cycle . The race is a sort of "  who 's who " of Georgia political families pitting Nunn , a nonprofit CEO and daughter of former Georgia Sen. Sam Nunn , against Republican candidate David Perdue , a businessman and cousin of former Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue . Nunn campaign defends early campaign memo Democrats see the contest as one of their best chances to pick up a Senate seat from Republicans in a midterm cycle where the party is primarily playing defense across the country . Winning that seat would greatly increase the Democrats ' chance of keeping control of the upper chamber . High stakes In a tight political contest in Georgia , Obama appeared to take a do-no-harm approach , staying away from controversial current events , focusing her remarks instead on the importance of registering to vote and turning out at the polls . "  Barack won because record numbers of women and minorities and young people showed up to vote , " she said . "  But then , when the midterms come along , too many people , of our folks , just tuned out . See , that 's what happens in the midterms , " the first lady continued . "  When you stay home , they win . " Nunn , who spoke ahead of the first lady at Monday 's event , is the former CEO of the nonpartisan organization Points of Light , a charity whose title is derived from the "  thousand points of light " theme that George H.W. Bush spoke about frequently . President George H.W. Bush fights for Georgia Senate seat She is considered to be one of the Democrats ' two best possibilities for a pickup from the GOP . The other candidate considered to have a solid chance for a seat pick-up is Alison Lundergan Grimes , who is challenging Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in Kentucky . Republican senatorial candidate David Perdue has tied Nunn to the unpopular President Obama , arguing that once in Washington she would support the President 's agenda entirely . A New York Times/CBS poll released on Monday showed Nunn 6 percentage points behind David Perdue , 47 % to 41 % . Currently , Democrats hold a five-seat majority in the Senate , and Democrats are up for re-election in seven states that went red in the 2012 presidential election , in addition to facing tough contests in places like Iowa , Michigan , Colorado and New Hampshire . The math is on the GOP 's side , making Georgia 's Senate contest that much more important for the Democratic Party . In her remarks , the first lady argued that if Republicans were to regain control of the senate in November , gridlock in Washington would get even worse . "  Frankly , if we lose these midterm elections , it 's going to be a whole lot harder to finish what we started , " she said , referring to the Obama administration 's agenda . "  Because things will be even worse out of Washington . " A popular first lady Although her husband 's popularity is not great -- the most recent polling from CNN/ORC International shows his approval rating at 43 % -- Michelle Obama still enjoys high approval ratings . A CNN poll  PDF  taken in May found that 61 % of voters still have a favorable opinion of the first lady . Game on in pivotal Georgia Senate race Obama has mostly stayed away from public events on the campaign trail this cycle , though she has done Democratic fundraisers . It remains to be seen whether these types of appearances will become more frequent in the coming weeks and months ahead of the midterm elections in November . Obama is not the only high-profile figure to stump for Nunn ; Bill Clinton is scheduled to attend a fundraiser for the Democratic candidate this month hosted by singer and Atlanta resident Usher . Advice to students Her first stop in Georgia was headlining an event with Education Secretary Arne Duncan at Booker T. Washington High School , which counts Martin Luther King Jr. among its graduates . The Reach Higher initiative , launched this year , is designed to encourage students to further their education beyond high school , seeking out some form of higher education , with the goal of helping the United States regain the top spot as the country with the highest proportion of college graduates in the world by 2020 . Speaking to a room of high school students , Obama stressed the importance of continuing education beyond high school . "  You have to understand that completing high school is not the end but the beginning of your life 's journey , " she said . "  It 's just the beginning . In today 's world , in order to compete in an ever-globalizing economy , you 've got to continue your education after you graduate from high school . " Obama laid out the various resources that students should utilize when exploring post-high school education options , including studying for the SAT 's , attending college fairs and visiting campuses . "  I 'm giving you some insights that a lot of rich kids all over the country -- they know this stuff , and I want you to know it , too , " she told the students . "  Because you have got to go and get your education . You 've got to . " The brief interruption in the first lady 's speech occurred about 12 minutes into her remarks . Obama stopped her speech to check if the child who fainted was OK , and then called for paramedics to come to the student 's aid . The student was accompanied out of the event by paramedics , but was walking on her own , according to CNN photojournalist David Rust , who attended the event .	Michelle Obama makes her campaign trail debut Monday She attends two events Monday for Michelle Nunn Nunn , a Democrat , is seeking the open U.S. Senate seat in Georgia The first lady has more favorable poll ratings than her husband
Gunmen on Friday shot dead a Nigerian Islamic traditional leader in the northeastern state of Borno as he and other Muslim royals were heading to a funeral , the state government said . Idrissa Timta , emir of the town of Gwoza , was killed as he and two other emirs were traveling to the funeral of an emir in neighboring Gombe state , Borno government representative Bab Ahmed Jidda said . Jidda said the attackers are suspected to be members of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram . The country 's defense ministry , which also reported the attack , called the gunmen a "  band of terrorists " but did not identify their affiliation . The emir of Uba , Ali Ibn Ismaila Mamza , and the emir of Askira , Abdullahi Ibn Muhammadu Askirama , escaped unhurt , according to Jidda . The gunmen specifically targeted the vehicle holding the three emirs and opened fire , Jidda said . A police escort was shot and injured in the attack , Jidda said . Wali Ibrahim , a member of the Gwoza royalty and a close aide to the slain emir , said the gunmen opened fire from hilltops overlooking the highway . "  We came under heavy gunfire from the hills , which forced the convoy to break up in disarray , " said Ibrahim , who was in Timta 's entourage . "  We returned to a military checkpoint not far from the scene of the attack and reported the incident to soldiers there , but to our surprise they made no effort to go after the attackers , " Ibrahim said . "  By the time we returned to the scene , we met the emir dead inside the vehicle with gunshots , " he said . Troops were dispatched to the area after the attack and are trying to find the assailants , the defense ministry said . Boko Haram has repeatedly targeted Nigeria 's Islamic emirs , accusing them of selling out by submitting to the authority of the secular government . The emirs are from traditional royal families and often serve as liaisons between their communities and the secular government . Timta 's late father had been a chief in Gwoza . In July 2012 , Nigeria 's third-most powerful emir , the shehu of Borno , Umar Garbai El-Kanemi , survived a suicide bombing as he left a mosque near his palace . The traditional leader survived the attack , but five other people were killed . In August 2012 , a suicide bomber tried to kill the emir of Fika in northeastern Yobe state as he left Friday prayers near his palace in the town of Potiskum . That emir survived the blast , though his police guard was killed . Last year , Nigeria 's No. 2 Islamic leader , Abo Bayero , the emir of Kano , survived an attack on his convoy . Five people , including three of his bodyguards , died . There have been calls from activists for Nigeria 's emirs to play a greater role in curbing Boko Haram , which has waged a campaign of violence -- especially in northeastern Nigeria -- with the aim of imposing a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria . Boko Haram , which means "  western education is a sin , " still is holding more than 200 girls it abducted last month from a school in Chibok , also in Borno state . Boko Haram kills 33 security personnel in Nigeria attacks	Emir of Gwoza , other leaders were heading to funeral of another emir Gunmen opened fire from hilltops overlooking highway , aide says State government says attackers believed to be Boko Haram militants
Washington  CNN  -- Police arrested Indianapolis Colts safety Joe Lefeged early Saturday after allegedly finding his semiautomatic pistol poking out from under the passenger seat of the white Camaro he 'd been in , police said . The Chevrolet sports car got police 's attention shortly after midnight because it was being driven erratically , Metropolitan Police Department spokesman Araz Alali told CNN . According to charging papers filed in D.C. Superior Court , police spotted one of its passengers standing up in the backseat of the convertible . On the street , plainclothes officers repeatedly asked the Camaro 's driver to put the car in the park . Instead , according to the charging papers , he put his foot on the gas and sped away . Four officers eventually found the Camaro , its still unidentified driver having fled on foot . They also saw one man , later identified as Lefeged , running in one direction and the man who 'd been standing up in the Camaro , later identified as 23-year-old Aaron Timothy Wilson , going another way . Both men were arrested , about four miles east of the Capitol , without incident , according to Alali . Lefeged 's public defender , Martina King , gave a different take , saying her client was sitting in the Camaro 's passenger seat , not on foot , when he was arrested . Police at the scene searching the vehicle found a clear bottle in the center console that smelled of alcohol and a black H&K .40 - caliber semiautomatic pistol "  in plain view sticking out from underneath the front passenger seat . " Investigators determined that Lefeged paid $ 900 for the gun , which he took possession of in late May , according to the charging papers . King , the public defender , contended the gun in question is registered to Lefeged and , since it was under his seat , was out of his reach . But Judge Anne O'Regan Keary disagreed , saying that the firearm was in Lefeged 's reach if it was under his seat . Keary ruled that there was probable cause to continue detaining him at least until his next hearing Tuesday morning . According to Alali , Lefeged and Wilson were both arrested on suspicion of carrying a firearm without a license , having an unregistered firearm , having unregistered ammunition , presence of a firearm in a motor vehicle and possession of an open container of alcohol . For the time being , at least , Lefeged is facing only two charges : presence of a firearm in a motor vehicle and possession of an unregistered firearm . The 25-year-old Colts defensive back did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance in D.C. Superior Court on Saturday . Washington has some of the strictest gun-control measures in the country . According to the district 's law , "  no person shall carry within the District of Columbia either openly or concealed on or about their person , a pistol , or any deadly or dangerous weapon capable of being so concealed . " That said , a firearm is permitted in the district if it is held in the registrant 's home or workplace , is being used for "  lawful recreational purposes " or "  is being transported for a lawful purpose . " Firearms registered elsewhere still must be registered in the District of Columbia . The Colts issued a statement Saturday after Lefeged 's arrest , saying little more than they were "  aware of the reports " and will not comment further until they get additional information . Lefeged has played in every game of his two-year professional football career , including four starts last season for the Colts . His arrest comes a few days after another NFL standout , former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez , was charged with murder and several gun-related offenses in the death of 27-year-old Odin Lloyd . CNN 's Larry Lazo and Vito Maggiolo contributed to this report .	NEW : Police saw a man standing up in the convertible , charging papers say Joe Lefeged 's gun was found in a car he 'd been in , which police say is against D.C. law He fled but was arrested without incident , police say ; his lawyer says he was in the car Judge finds probable cause to hold the NFL player at least until Tuesday
CNET  -- Amazon plans to unveil a thinner Kindle with a sharper picture in August , according to a Bloomberg News report on Saturday citing anonymous sources . Two people familiar with the online retailer 's plans told Bloomberg the next-generation e-book reader will not have a touch screen or color , but the display will be sharper and more responsive . Earlier this week at Amazon 's annual shareholder meeting in Seattle , CEO Jeff Bezos said a Kindle with a color reflective screen is still a ways off . A story in The Wall Street Journal on the meeting quoted Bezos as saying he had "  seen several things in the laboratory , but they are not quite ready for production . " The New York Times reported in February that Amazon had bought Touchco , a New York start-up developing flexible multitouch panels . That led to speculation that the e-tailer was planning an answer to the iPad , Apple 's tablet device . Bezos said Tuesday that Amazon intends to keep the Kindle focused on what it has always been -- a reading device . CNET e-mailed Amazon on Saturday afternoon seeking a comment on the Bloomberg report . Bloomberg said a call to an Amazon representative was not returned . On Thursday , Sony announced it is releasing its Reader -- which launched in the U.S. in 2006 -- in several new countries this year , including Japan , China , and Australia . Also on Thursday , Marvell said it 's teaming up with the One Laptop Per Child foundation to create an inexpensive tablet , which they plan to show off at CES next year . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Amazon plans to unveil a thinner Kindle with a sharper picture in August Sources say e-book reader will not have a touch screen or color CEO Jeff Bezos says a Kindle with a color reflective screen is still a ways of
CNN  -- "  App " has been a computing term for a lot longer than five years . But , on July 10 , 2008 , it began its journey to becoming a household word . That 's when Apple , a year after launching the iPhone , introduced its App Store to the world . The online marketplace launched with 500 apps , mostly for established Web companies such as Facebook , eBay and Yelp . Today , it has more than 850,000 . And , a couple of months ago , it passed a mind-boggling threshold , marking the 50 billionth app to be downloaded . Apple can no longer claim proprietary ownership of apps , those mini-programs that continue to push the boundaries of what a mobile phone can do . Google launched its own app store , now called Play , less than a year after Apple . Today , it 's on a path toward surpassing Apple 's number of downloads . But the iPhone was the first smartphone most folks ever saw , and the App Store was the accessory that gave it extra usefulness . On this anniversary , we look at five iconic apps that got a huge lift from the App Store and expanded the capabilities of our phones . ` Angry Birds ' Before the App Store , video games were , by and large , for hard-core players with consoles or souped-up PCs . Now the line between who is a gamer and who 's not is blurry -- and millions of people have "  Angry Birds " to thank . The deceptively addictive little game , in which players fling a flock of ... well ... angry birds at their pig nemeses , is the top-selling paid app in the App Store 's history . Since its launch in 2009 , the game has become a franchise , with spinoffs , toys , cartoons and even a movie making up just part of Finnish developer Rovio Entertainment 's furious , feathered empire . Addicted gamers are sweet on ` Candy Crush ' Google Maps With the rise of Google 's Android system as Apple 's chief mobile rival , there 's a certain irony that one of its products was a key to the App Store 's success . But since Google Maps rolled out as a native app for the iPhone , the ability to get directions on the go has become one of mobile computing 's key features .  Does anyone still hand-draw maps ? Yes , there are other map apps out there . But Google 's treasure-trove of data makes its maps a go-to for millions . Witness the mini-disaster Apple had on its hands when it bumped Google 's offering for its own Maps app last year . Apple 's product was so half-baked that CEO Tim Cook , in a rare mea culpa , essentially told users to download Google Maps until it was fixed . How to kickstart your holiday using apps not maps Pandora By 2008 Pandora already had become a popular Web-streaming service , letting users seed their own personal radio stations with bands or songs they liked . But the company was quick to see the potential in mobile computing , and Pandora was among the first apps available when the App Store went live . Since then , it 's become the second-most downloaded iPhone app in the store 's history , trailing only Facebook . Its proof of concept -- that users want to be able to bring their music with them anywhere -- also helped inspire a host of competitors , from Spotify to Rdio to Last.fm . Why everybody 's building a Web music service Instagram Mobile phones , particularly smartphones , made all of us photographers . That 's a huge shift . But , sadly for most of us , it did n't make us all good photographers . Enter Instagram -- with a slate of editing tools and funky filters that can make even the most pedestrian pictures look good . Add to that Instagram 's social features , complete with Twitter-like hashtags , and you 've got a tool tailor-made for mobile . Launched in 2010 by Stanford University students , Instagram now moves about 45 million images every day . Oh ... and those creators also sold it to Facebook last year for a cool $ 1 billion . Instagram launches 15-second video feature Shazam It seems like a little thing , until you stop and think about it : What if your phone could listen to a few seconds of a song , then tell you what it is ? That would have sounded like magic not so many years ago . Now , we take it for granted . Shazam started in the UK in 2002 as a Web service . But it was front and center at the beginning of the mobile revolution , and is now among Apple 's Top 10 downloaded apps , with 350 million users . 20 fun and useful new mobile apps	Apple 's App Store arrived five years ago Users have downloaded more than 50 billion iOS apps Casual game "  Angry Birds " is the store 's top-selling app ever Facebook leads most-popular list of free apps , followed by Pandora
CNN  -- Remember Alex from Target ? He took the Internet by storm this week with his good looks and strong work ethic , causing many to swoon and others to curse the power of social media . Now a tech startup is claiming responsibility for making #alexfromtarget one of the "  most amazing social media experiments ever . " But it 's unclear whether the company really deserves the credit . The CEO of Breakr , a company that claims to connect "  fans with their fandom , " said in a LinkedIn post Tuesday that the company harnessed social media 's "  powerful fangirl demographic " to make Alex Lee , a real , 16-year-old Target employee from Texas , a global trending topic . According to Breakr , the company took the photo of Alex Lee that was posted by a Twitter user named Abbie  @auscalum  and fanned Twitter 's flames , "  spreading the word amongst our fangirl followers to trend #AlexFromTarget . " The company says it then added "  fuel to the fire by tweeting about it to our bigger YouTube influencers . " The conversation then spread through people supporting the hashtag "  just to trend it " and others raging over the fact that a guy could become "  Internet famous " just for his looks , Breakr CEO Dil-Domine Jacobe Leonares said . People tweeted parody images and created YouTube videos while the media , including CNN , published stories about it . "  It was based on looks , " Leonares told CNN late Tuesday . "  You put a good looking guy in front of girls , girls are going to go crazy over him . " But not everyone 's buying Breakr 's trending power . Many have raised an interesting question : Is n't revealing the "  man behind the curtain , " so to speak , a giant no-no in the social media world ? Adding to the confusion are Alex and Abbie themselves . The "  fangirl " Leonares credited with boosting the trend and "  Alex from Target " both posted on Twitter that they have no connection to Breakr . Breakr later clarified that Abbie 's not an employee , but simply a Twitter user whose tweet the company claims to have amplified . That backtracking is just one reason why David Orr , who claims to be one of the largest social media influencers on Twitter , is also skeptical about Breakr 's involvement . "  Breakr is already backing down on their claims and is trying to make it clear that they never employed @auscalum , " Orr wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  Breakr is extremely vague on their actual relationship with her , alex , or what influence they actually had . " Orr says #AlexFromTarget really started trending when @GirlPosts tweeted it out . The account has nearly 5 million followers , and the photo was retweeted more than 20,000 times , and favorited by 44,000 people .	Breakr CEO claims credit for making #AlexFromTarget a global trending topic But Alex from Target says he has no connection to the startup Alex is a real employee of a Target store in Texas
PEOPLE.com  -- Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber squeezed in some very public displays of affection at a hockey game in Canada on Saturday night , but just one day earlier , they made a decidedly more private outing to a local animal shelter -- and quietly adopted a dog . Winnipeg animal rescue D'Arcy 's A.R.C. got a surprise visit from the young lovebirds , who stopped by for some canine therapy . "  They spent a lot of time with the puppies , " the rescue 's chief executive officer , D'Arcy Johnston , tells PEOPLE . "  I was told that -LSB- Gomez -RSB- was missing the dogs that she has at home . " Gomez , who is currently on tour and performed in Winnipeg over the weekend , owns five rescue dogs and has advocated publicly on behalf of animal rescue . During the hour she and Bieber spent at the shelter , they zeroed in on a 10-week-old husky mix and fell in love -- puppy love , that is . "  I was n't expecting her to adopt a dog while she was on tour and has a busy schedule , " Johnston says . Gomez went through the standard screening process and was able to leave with the puppy , which she named Baylor , that day . "  Baylor probably would have had a bad life or a very short life , " Johnston says . "  But he got rescued and brought to our shelter and is now going to live a very good life . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Gomez and Bieber quietly adopted a dog Gomez is currently on tour Gomez and Bieber stopped by for some canine therapy
Crystal River , Florida  CNN  -- With the utmost care and a healthy dose of respect , Monica Ross brought the pontoon boat to a crawl , shut its engine down , and asked for quiet . She was careful not to disturb the small antenna , which floated on the surface of the Crystal River marking the location of Coral , an 800 pound manatee . "  She is in a nice , quiet cove . Perfect spot to be resting , " said Ross , a marine biologist with Sea to Shore Alliance . "  Nice and protected ... for now , " she said . For now . These are uncertain days on the Crystal River , where boat tours take folks out to see the sea creatures , and where people can swim with them . Knowing where these endangered manatees are will help marine biologists , if Deepwater Horizon oil makes its way into these waters where about 1,000 manatees reside . "  We do know that the oil is toxic and depending on how weathered it is , it can have a lot of harmful effects if manatees come in contact with it , " said Patrick Rose , executive director of Save the Manatee Club . "  Everything from coating their skin to getting in their eyes , to being ingested ... We do n't know specifically because it 's not been documented ... never happened as far as I know , " he said . Is there oil near you ? Share your story In winter , the gentle creatures -- sometimes called "  sea cows " because of their underwater bucolic nature but actually more closely related to elephants -- congregate in the warm waters of the rivers , estuaries and springs along the Florida Gulf Coast . But in summer , manatees frequently leave the close confines of their winter spas and spread out along the Gulf Coast to Alabama , Mississippi and Louisiana and around the Florida Keys up the Atlantic coast . With the population more widespread , would-be rescuers face a difficult task . Long the victims of accidental boat strikes and careless boaters , the West Indian manatee population in the Gulf of Mexico stands at about 5,000 , experts believe . This past winter 's extended cold wiped out almost 10 percent of their number . And while everyone is hoping for the best , federal and state officials as well as environmental groups are planning for the worst . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is the lead agency protecting manatees and other wildlife from the oil . "  We do n't know how detrimental it will be if they inhale it , if they ingest it , if they 're foraging in areas where sea grass has been oiled , " said Nicole Adimey , the manatee oil spill response coordinator with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . "  We have no idea how that 's going to impact them , " she said . The Fish and Wildlife Service says that as its staff monitors the flow of the black crude across the Gulf , they will use aerial flights to monitor manatees and other wildlife . They hope to have about 72 hours to respond to save manatees unknowingly swimming in the path of the oil -- including physically moving these mammals , which can reach 10 feet long and weigh 1,200 pounds . Rescue teams are staging gear and will be ready to move in if necessary to try and capture manatees in distress . But rescuing large numbers of manatees has never been done before . Is it realistic to capture large numbers of the sometimes uncooperative mammal ? "  I do n't know the answer to that question but we 're going to move as many as we possibly can , " said Adimeyr . "  If we had to move dozens , and it was a situation where we needed to move dozens , then I think we 've been assured that we can get the resources , the extra hands that we need to do that , " she said . Adimey said that if manatees come into contact with oil , they will be cleaned with dish soap to break it up and to clean the surface of their bodies . They will be transported to one of two de-oiling stations -- the Audubon Aquarium of the Americas in New Orleans , Louisiana , and the Institute for Marine Mammals Studies , in Gulfport , Mississippi . Additional facilities in Florida include the Homosassa Springs State Wildlife Park , Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa and the Miami Seaquarium . Once medically cleared , the animal will be transported to a long-term holding facility at Homosassa Springs State Wildlife Park just south of the Crystal River Preserve , where many manatees have found a haven . According to the federal plan , no manatees will be released back into the wild until the threat of oil contamination is over . And even then , experts hope the seagrass beds and vegetation that manatees eat are n't destroyed by the oil . Experts say they have a large network of people working together in partnerships , but accounting for every situation , and every scenario is doubtful . "  Capturing , rescuing hundreds of manatees , it 's never been done , " said Patrick Rose of Save the Manatee . "  We would lose manatees , I believe , if those kinds of numbers of manatees are involved . "	Experts estimate manatee population in Gulf at about 5,000 Officials , groups planning for the worst if oil encroaches Rescue efforts could include cleaning manatees , physically moving them "  It 's never been done , " rescuer says
CNN  -- Syria on Saturday slammed the U.N. Human Rights Council 's stinging condemnation of its security crackdown , calling the resolution "  unjust and blatantly politicized . " "  It has become clear to the people of Syria and the countries that realize the reality of the conspiracy against it that the interest of the Syrian people is the last thing on the mind of the countries sponsoring such sessions and their impotent resolutions , and that their true goal is inciting the continuation of terrorism against citizens , " according to an official source quoted by the government-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  . The council , in a 37-4 vote , passed a resolution Friday that "  strongly condemns the continued widespread , systematic and gross violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms by the Syrian authorities , such as arbitrary executions , excessive use of force and the killing and persecution of protesters , human rights defenders and journalists , arbitrary detention , enforced disappearances , torture and ill-treatment , including against children . " There were six abstentions at the meeting in Geneva , Switzerland . The group convened to consider action against Syria after a report issued Monday by the Independent International Commission of Inquiry , a body appointed by the council . That report concluded security and military forces "  committed crimes against humanity " on civilians . The resolution recommends that U.N. bodies "  urgently consider " the commission report and "  take appropriate action . " Jordan , Kuwait , Libya , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Mauritania and Djibouti were among the nations who voted in favor of the resolution . Those countries are members of the Arab League , one of the international entities initiating sanctions against the Bashar al-Assad regime for its nearly nine-month long bloody push against peaceful protesters . The United States , the European Union and Turkey also have imposed sanctions . The violence appeared to continue Saturday , with the activist group Local Coordination Committees of Syria reporting 22 dead across the country . The highest number of deaths , 10 , occurred in the restive region of Homs city and province , in the west . At least six were also killed in Idlib , two each in Daraa and suburbs of Damascus , and one apiece in Hama and Damascus . Intense shooting was reported in several locales , including the Damascus suburb of Hajar Aswad where army forces had allegedly surrounded the Bilal Habashi Mosque . A video statement posted Saturday on YouTube , purportedly from the Free Syrian Army , a military force of defectors , claimed that government snipers fired at protesters in Idlib . In response , the group said its members stopped them by destroying two Syrian armored vehicles and killing "  several " security forces . SANA , meanwhile , reported that 13 "  army and security forces martyrs on Saturday were escorted from Tishreen Military Hospital to their finale resting place . " The deaths were blamed on "  armed terrorist groups " -- a term the government commonly uses to describe the opposition , and rationalize its response -- in the "  Damascus countryside . " CNN is unable to independently confirm events occurring inside Syria because the government does not allow journalists free access to the country . Overall , the United Nations said this week that more than 4,000 people have died since mid-March and the death toll continues to rise . That prompted the the report from the world body 's human rights council , which SANA said made judgments "  based on information promoted by some groups outside Syria and known biased mass media sources . " The source cited by SANA contended that "  several countries at the UNHRC said that the report and the resolution do n't meet the minimum standards of objectivity and professionalism and overstep the jurisdiction of the UNHRC , in addition to ignoring the issue of weapon smuggling and the funding and training of terrorists in special camps outside Syria . " Russia , Cuba , China , and Ecuador voted against the resolution . Russia 's permanent council representative said the resolution "  is designed to further exacerbate the conflict and not to peacefully settle it . The resolution is biased , in reflecting the current situation placing full and total blame on the Syrian government and ignoring those serious crimes by anti-government forces . We believe that there is no basis for calling Damascus 's activities crimes against humanity - in any event this goes beyond the mandate of the council . " Russia has been calling for the violence to stop , no matter where it stems from . But it is concerned that several provisions in the resolution could be construed "  as an open appeal to interfere in Syria 's internal affairs , allowing for military actions , including military intervention . " The Syrian source was quoted by SANA as saying the council "  deliberately ignored documents and information " from Syria and failed to mention the government 's reforms . Even though it was denied access into Syria , the Commission of Inquiry interviewed "  223 victims and witnesses , including military and security forces who had defected and testified to the role of Syrian forces in the use of lethal violence against peaceful protests . " The United States , Britain , and Human Rights Watch , an advocacy group , hailed the council 's move . "  The time has come for the Security Council to follow the lead of the Arab League and Turkey and impose sanctions . It should put in place an arms embargo as well as an asset freeze and travel ban on Syrian officials responsible for the abuses , and refer the case to the International Criminal Court , " Human Rights Watch said . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : At least 22 die Saturday in Syria , including 10 in Homs , an activist group says NEW : 13 army and security force "  martyrs " are transferred for burial , state media reports Several Arab nations backed a U.N. resolution condemning crackdown A Syrian official says the report lacks "  objectivity and professionalism "
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Less than one month after a Buenos Aires court derailed the marriage of Alex Freyre and Jose Maria di Bello , the couple wed Monday at the southern tip of Argentina , making it the first same-sex marriage in Latin America . "  As a couple , we dreamed of marrying for a long time , " Freyre told the state-run Telam news agency . Their marriage was hailed as a victory by gay rights groups in Argentina , though it was unknown whether the legality of their marriage would face any challenges . After a legal battle earlier this year , a court in the capital , Buenos Aires , ruled that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one . On the eve of their December 1 wedding , however , another court filed an injunction , putting the brakes on the nuptials . In Argentina , the issue of same-sex marriage is decided on the local and state level . So Freyre and di Bello went to the southernmost state of Tierra del Fuego , where a pro-gay marriage governor welcomed the event , Telam reported . Although the federal government could not directly intervene , Argentina 's National Institute Against Xenophobia and Racism  INADI  helped find a friendly jurisdiction where the couple could have their wedding , the institute 's president , Claudio Morgado , told Telam . Morgado was even a witness at the ceremony . "  This is the purpose of INADI , to safeguard the rights of citizens who do not fully enjoy these rights , " Morgado said , according to the state-run news agency . The original ruling against a ban on gay marriage was made on November 10 by Buenos Aires trial-level judge Gabriela Seijas . Her decision applied only to Buenos Aires . "  The law should treat each person with equal respect in relation to each person 's singularities without the need to understand or regulate them , " Seijas said in her ruling . Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said after the ruling that his government would not appeal the decision , but a second trial judge filed an injunction until the issue could be considered further . Countries in Latin America , a region strongly identified with the Catholic Church , have recently given more attention to gay rights . Earlier this month , Mexico City 's legislative assembly passed a bill legalizing gay marriage there . In September , Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same-sex adoption . Brazil , Colombia and Ecuador are also addressing the issue of same-sex civil unions .	Alex Freyre and Jose Maria di Bello marry at the southern tip of Argentina It 's the first legal same-sex marriage in Latin America They have a been through a series of court rulings ; legality of union still may be tested Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador addressing issue of same-sex civil unions
CNN  -- As heavy rains raked the Mid-South on Thursday , authorities in Tennessee searched for a 6-year-old boy swept away by floodwaters . Jeremy Heidt of Tennessee Emergency Management said a family of four was stuck in high water in Hickman County . When they got out of their vehicle , the rushing water swept the boy away , he said . Three people died in Tennessee and Arkansas on Thursday in weather-related incidents . In Lawrence County , a 72-year-old man died when he tried to drive across a flooded road and his car was swept downstream and submerged , the Tennessee Highway Patrol said . In Jonesboro , Arkansas , a 74-year-old retired police officer was killed when a tree fell on his house , reported CNN affiliate WMC . In Black Rock , Arkansas , a tree fell on a van and killed a woman inside , said Brandon Morris of the state emergency management agency . Memphis took a hit Thursday from storms that had rolled eastward from the Great Plains . The Memphis Light , Gas and Water 's website said about 42,000 customer lost power at one point due to bad weather . Delta Medical Center was without power and had a gas explosion that caused a two-alarm fire . CNN affiliate WCM , quoting a hospital spokesman , said nobody was injured . The weather caused play to be suspended for several hours at the FedEx St. Jude Classic golf tournament on Thursday , according to the PGA website . Heidt said other Tennessee counties reported weather problems . In Carroll County , some hallways were flooded at Baptist Hospital . Madison County had power outages at the Regional Health Department and its emergency operations center . Lightning knocked out power at the Henderson County 911 Center , forcing authorities to use a backup system . More bad weather is expected Friday in Memphis , with the National Weather Service predicting a 70 % chance of precipitation and up to 2 inches of rain . There 's a 60 % chance in Birmingham , Alabama . CNN meteorologist Sherri Pugh said severe weather could last until Saturday in the South and Great Plains , with heavy rain , hail , damaging wind and flash flooding possible . Isolated tornadoes are possible , too . In parts of Nebraska , people were cleaning up from the hailstorms that struck on Tuesday . As expected , bargain hunters flocked to Woodhouse Family Auto in Blair to buy some of the 4,300 cars damaged by hail , reported CNN affiliate KPTM . The hail smashed car windshields and dented the bodies . Dealership officials estimated the damage at $ 162 million . Car prices were determined on a case-by-case basis , with one buyer saying he picked up a Chrysler 300 with broken windows , a broken door handle and lots of dings for $ 31,000 , reported KPTM . The car normally sells for about $ 54,000 , the buyer said .	NEW : Child swept away by floodwaters in Hickman County , Tennessee Motorist in Tennessee drowns trying to cross a flooded road Falling trees kill two people in Arkansas Weather knocks out power to 42,000 customers in Memphis
CNN  -- An Arizona state lawmaker 's push to end the guarantee of birthright citizenship to the U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants on Saturday set off a protest hundreds of miles away in Pacoima , a Los Angeles suburb . More than 1,500 people in this predominantly Latino community took part in the protest , many of them chanting "  Si , se puede , " the Spanish version of President Obama 's 2008 campaign slogan . The protesters fear that if Arizona passes the measure , other states will follow . Arizona state Representative John Kavanagh , a Republican , has proposed that birthright citizenship , a guarantee provided by the U.S. Constitution , be taken away from children of illegal immigrants . The guarantee , courts have ruled , was established by the 14th Amendment , which extended birthright citizenship to former slaves after the Civil War . Other state legislatures are considering similar measures . Kavanagh told CNN Friday , "  Dispensing citizenship like a door prize is poor policy and greatly increases the costs of education , medicating and giving other benefits to the children of illegal aliens born here . " CNN 's Jacqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	1,500 protest effort to end birthright citizenship for children of illegal immigrants Protesters fear other states will follow Arizona 's example Lawmaker who proposed the bill says "  door prize " citizenship is too costly
CNN  -- A new permanent span over Washington state 's Skagit River reopened Sunday , some four months after a bridge collapse on Interstate 5 . The bridge 's failure in late May sent cars tumbling into the river and severed the state 's main artery to Canada , on which trucks carry an estimated $ 13.9 billion annually in cargo . A temporary span went up within a few weeks . NTSB : ` Boom , ' then shudder , first sign of problem on bridge Roughly 70,000 vehicles a day travel on Interstate 5 over the bridge , said the state Department of Transportation , which announced the reopening on its Facebook page . It posted a time-lapse video , showing crews working through the night to put the new span in place . Bearing down : How safe is that bridge you 're driving over ?	Temporary span went up within a few weeks of the collapse The bridge 's failure severed the state 's main artery to Canada
CNN  It was the opportunity of a lifetime for a young Ghanaian boy -- a scholarship to study medicine in Guyana . But his journey did n't go quite as expected . Emmanuel Akomanyi could n't get a direct flight to Guyana so he boarded a plane in Ghana to Guarulhos International Airport in Sao Paulo , Brazil . There , he bought a ticket to his final destination in Guyana -- a South American country on the Caribbean coast bordering Surinam , Venezuela and Brazil . But when he got off the plane , he was not in Guyana -- he was in the city of Goiania , Brazil -- almost 3,000 kilometers away from where he needed to go . Akomanyi spent a week in Brazil , supported by strangers as he had no money . The airline that sold him the original ticket eventually helped him out with a new flight to Guyana 's Cheddi Jagan International Airport , near the capital Georgetown . You 'd think with all the technology at our disposal , destination mix-ups like what Akomanyi experienced would be a rarity . Not so . They 're surprisingly common . In June of 2014 , a couple boarded a plane to the southern Caribbean island of Grenada , instead of their desired destination -- the ancient city of Granada , Spain . U.S. dentist Edward Gamson thought he 'd bought tickets from London 's Gatwick Airport to Granada , Spain , for himself and his partner via a British Airways booking agent , but only realized he was actually headed to Grenada in the Caribbean once on board , reported The Independent . The destination country and flight duration had n't been listed on his e-tickets , which instead displayed only the city name . "  It 's just so sad , " Gamson told The Independent . "  A trip we had been really looking forward to was ruined and ... BA wo n't do the decent thing . " Gamson claimed the airline refused to reimburse his first-class tickets and did n't reroute the travelers to Granada from Grenada . He ended up suing British Airways for the cost of the trip , including planned tours in Spain that he and his partner did n't get to take , but the case was reportedly dismissed . Remarkably , the same mix-up happened earlier that same month . Lamenda Kingdon from Plymouth , UK , had also booked a British Airways flight to Granada , Spain , but found herself on a flight bound for Grenada in the Caribbean . She 'd planned the trip after being diagnosed with cancer . When notified of the mistake , the BA crew moved Kingdon to first class and sent her back to Gatwick when the flight made a scheduled stop in St. Lucia , reported the Daily Mail . "  I genuinely do n't blame anyone , " she told the Daily Mail . "  The person on the other end of the phone probably just misheard me . I honestly did n't notice the spelling difference . " In May 2013 , Sandy Valdivieso and her husband , Triet Vo , boarded a Turkish Airlines flight in Los Angeles , intending to travel to Dakar , Senegal , in western Africa , but ended up in Dhaka , Bangladesh . The mix-up was due to the similar sounding destinations and airport codes . The couple did n't realize the error until they were already on their connecting flight from Istanbul . "  When the flight attendant said we were heading to Dhaka , we believed that this was how you pronounced ` Dakar ' with a Turkish accent , " Valdivieso told the LA Times . In December 2013 , 85-year-old Maria Nieves ended up in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , after she 'd booked a Southwest Airlines flight to Fort Myers , Florida . It was the second time such a mix-up had happened to her -- two years ago , the airline flew Nieves to Tampa , Florida , instead of New Orleans , Louisiana . According to Louisiana 's WAFB , Nieves had requested wheelchair assistance , which meant airline staff were responsible for assisting her from gate to gate . "  I can see it happening once , but twice to the same person , it 's kind of like lightning striking twice in the same place , " her son Robert Ortiz told WAFB . Last June , a VietJet Air plane that took off from Hanoi landed at the wrong airport . Instead of arriving in Cam Ranh Airport near Nha Trang , the aircraft landed 140 kilometers away in Da Lat . The airline flew the misdirected passengers to their original destination via another flight , reported local news outlet Thanh Nien News . In January earlier that year , another Southwest Airlines plane landed at a small airport in Taney County , Missouri , approximately seven miles from where it was meant to land at Branson Airport . Due to the difference in airport runway lengths -- Taney County airport 's runway is 3,738 feet compared with Branson Airport 's 7,140 feet -- pilots were forced to brake hard when the plane touched down . No one was hurt and the airline refunded all tickets and provided future travel credit for passengers . Originally published June 2014 , updated February 2015 .	Ghanaian boy headed for Guyana ends up in Goiania , Brazil instead Many passengers have ended up in wrong cities , wrong countries and wrong continents
CNN  -- Israeli soldiers routinely and intentionally put children in harm 's way during their 22-day offensive against the Palestinians in Gaza , according to a United Nations report made public Monday . On March 6 , a Palestinian boy sits on the rubble of a building destroyed during Israel 's 22-day Gaza offensive . The report said a working group had documented and verified reports of violations "  too numerous to list . " For example , on January 15 , in a town southwest of Gaza City , Israel Defense Forces soldiers ordered an 11-year-old boy to open Palestinians ' packages , presumably so that the soldiers would not be hurt if they turned out to contain explosives , the 43-page report said . They then forced the boy to walk in front of them in the town , it said . When the soldiers came under fire , "  the boy remained in front of the group , " the report said . It said the boy was later released . Also cited were "  credible reports " that accused Hamas , the militant Palestinian group that runs Gaza , of using human shields and placing civilians at risk . But it singled out the Israelis for more sweeping criticism . A spokesman for the Israeli prime minister called the report another example of the "  one-sided and unfair " attitude of the U.N. Human Rights Council , which requested it . The report cited two alleged incidents from January 3 . In one , it said , after a tank round struck near a house , a father and his two sons -- both younger than 11 -- emerged to look at the damage . "  As they exited their home , IDF soldiers shot and killed them  at the entrance to their house  , with the daughter witnessing , " the report said . In the second , it said , "  Israeli soldiers entered a family house in the Zeitoun neighborhood of Gaza City . Standing at the doorstep , they asked the male head of the household to come out and shot him dead , without warning , while he was holding his ID , hands raised up in the air , and then started to fire indiscriminately and without warning into the room where the rest of the family was huddled together . "  The eldest son was shouting in vain the word ` Children ' in Hebrew to warn the soldiers . The shooting did not stop until everyone was lying on the floor . The mother and four of the brothers , aged 2-12 years , had been wounded , one of them , aged 4 , fatally . " The alleged instances occurred during Operation Cast Lead , which was launched December 27 to halt rocket attacks into southern Israel from Gaza and ended January 17 with a cease-fire . The U.N. report called the response by Israel disproportionate . Of the 1,453 people estimated killed in the conflict , 1,440 were Palestinian , including 431 children and 114 women , the report said . The 13 Israelis killed included three civilians and six soldiers killed by Hamas , and four soldiers killed by friendly fire , it said . The report said the Israeli operation resulted in "  a dramatic deterioration of the living conditions of the civilian population . " It cited "  targeted and indiscriminate " attacks on hospitals and clinics , water and sewage treatment facilities , government buildings , utilities and farming and said the offensive "  intensified the already catastrophic humanitarian situation of the Palestinian people . " It said Israeli strikes damaged more than 200 schools and left more than 70,000 people homeless . "  There are strong and credible reports of war crimes and other violations of international norms , " it said , adding that many observers have said war crimes investigations should be undertaken . "  The alternative is de facto impunity , " it said . It called for the end of Israel 's blockade of Gaza and the free passage into the territory of food , medicine , fuel and construction supplies . Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , called the report "  another example of the one-sided and unfair attitude of the rapporteur of the Human Rights Council , a council that has been criticized by current and previous secretaries-general for its unbalanced attitudes toward Israel . " He added , "  The negative fixation on Israel by the council has done a disservice to the issue of human rights internationally as has been attested to by the leading NGO 's -LSB- nongovernmental organizations -RSB- on human rights . " Another report issued Monday also was critical of the IDF . The report from Physicians for Human Rights said the Gaza incursion violated IDF 's own code of ethics . The report by the medical group , which shared the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize , cited instances where it said IDF forces did not evacuate injured civilians for days and prevented Palestinian teams from reaching the wounded , and said some of them died as a result . It said 16 Palestinian medical personnel were killed by IDF fire and 25 were wounded during the IDF operation , and accused the IDF of attacking 34 medical centers in violation of the IDF 's own "  ethical code for fighting terror . " In response , the IDF accused Hamas of having used medical vehicles , facilities and uniforms to conceal its members ' activity . "  Hamas used ambulances to ` rescue ' terror activists from the battlefield and used hospitals and medical facilities as hiding places , " the Israelis said in a written statement . "  Despite this , throughout the fighting , IDF forces were instructed to avoid firing at ambulances , even if they were being used by armed fighters . They were instructed only to shoot if there was fire towards our forces emanating from the direction of the ambulance . " Regarding the reported delays in casualty evacuations , "  there existed real difficulties in evacuating the injured , due to the roadblocks , booby-trapped roads and dirt mounds placed by the Hamas as well as the considerable damage to the infrastructure , " the statement said . Nevertheless , it said , an IDF investigation is ongoing and its conclusions will be made public once it is complete . But Dr. Dani Filc , PHR-Israel chairman , was skeptical that the investigation would prove useful . "  There are considerable doubts that the IDF is the correct institution to investigate suspicions of these violations , " he said . "  The IDF 's repeated promises to the High Court to look into attacks on medical teams and medical centers have gone unfulfilled , and there are suspicions concerning its seriousness and readiness to carry out the matter . " The Israeli military did accept criticism Monday on another matter -- the practice of some Israeli soldiers of wearing T-shirts that appear to condone acts of violence against Palestinians . The Israeli daily Haaretz newspaper reported that Israeli soldiers who had finished basic training ordered the shirts , one of which showed a pregnant Arab in the crosshairs of a gun sight with a caption reading "  1 Shot 2 Kills . " Another showing a small child in a gun 's sight was captioned , "  The smaller they are , the harder it is . " "  The examples presented by The Haaretz reporter are not in accordance with IDF values and are simply tasteless , " the Israeli military said in a written statement . "  This type of humor is unbecoming and should be condemned . " Israeli soldiers said last week that Palestinian civilians were killed and Palestinian property intentionally destroyed during Israel 's military campaign in Gaza , according to Haaretz . The IDF has said it is investigating the claims , but its top general expressed skepticism Monday . "  I do n't believe that soldiers serving in the IDF hurt civilians in cold blood , but we shall wait for the results of the investigation , " Lt. Gen. Ashkenazi , the chief of staff , said in a speech . "  I tell you that this is a moral and ideological army . " He blamed Hamas for choosing "  to fight in heavily populated areas . "  It  was  a complex atmosphere that includes civilians and we took every measure possible to reduce harm of the innocent , " he said , according to an IDF statement .	Israel : U.N. Human Rights Council has "  one-sided and unfair " attitude Report says Israeli soldiers intentionally put children in harm 's way during offensive U.N. report also said there was credible evidence Hamas used human shields Report called the Israeli response to Hamas rocket attacks disproportionate
CNN  -- Jordan Axani planned to travel around the world with his girlfriend Elizabeth Gallagher , until they broke up . Now , he 'll embark on Sunday on the circumnavigation with Elizabeth Gallagher . No need for a double-take : The name may be the same , but the person answering to it is n't . Axani had booked his-and-her airline tickets in his name -- and his girlfriend 's , he said . So , after his ex went overboard , he had to find a new co-passenger with the same name , he said , because the tickets were non-transferable . Axani is Canadian , as is his ex , so the new Elizabeth Gallagher needed to be , too , to make the switch work . So , he took to social messaging service Reddit to find her . After threw out the offer in early November for a free round-the-world trip , social media posts avalanched down at the hashtag #ElizabethGallagher . Elizabeth Quinn Gallagher from Nova Scotia quickly tweeted Axani a photo of her passport . Scrawled on the shot in hot pink , the words "  Take me !!! " He did , he announced on Wednesday , but though "  Quinn " came at him straight out of the chute , making the final choice was n't that simple , Axani said in a statement . Many deserving women had contacted him . Founded charity Some of their stories told of such compelling real-life heartbreak and perseverance , that Axani started a crowd-funding initiative , A Ticket Forward , to buy trips around the world for them , too . The first four he hopes to fund are a victim of Lymphoma , a single mother with an autistic son , and two women who fled violence in their native countries . But Axani settled on Quinn from Cole Harbour , Nova , Scotia , as his travel partner . He said she stood out with her volunteer work at a homeless shelter and her wish to become a social worker . From the get-go , Axani told prospective EG 's that he would put no pressure on them to do him any favors . He was not looking for his ex 's doppelganger to mend a broken heart . "  I am not looking for anything in return . I am not looking for companionship , romance , drugs , a trade , or to take selfies with you in front of the Christmas Market in Prague , " he wrote . But he had nothing against a few bills to sooth the financial pain . "  If you feel compelled to toss me a couple hundred bucks , great . Really the only thing I ask for is that you enjoy this trip and that it bring you happiness . " Axani and Elizabeth Quinn Gallagher are to depart New York City on Sunday for Milan , Italy . From there , the two will hop to Prague , Paris , Bangkok , New Delhi and back to Axani 's home of Toronto , provided Canadian authorities allow the new Elizabeth Gallagher to board with the ticket booked for the ex . CNN has reached out to the Canadian Air Transport Security Authority to find out whether they have any security measures in place that would prevent Elizabeth Gallagher 2.0 from traveling .	Jordan Axani booked an around-the-world trip for him and his girlfriend They broke up , and the ticket was non-transferable , he wrote on social media He looked for a woman with the same first and last name of his ex to take her ticket He decided upon a winner this week
Rolling Stone  -- Vampire Weekend 's headlining gig at the Pitchfork Music Festival in July will mark the band 's first live performance in nearly a year , but the Brooklyn-based indie rockers have been keeping busy . As bassist Chris Baio tells Rolling Stone , they 've been hard at work on the follow-up to their 2010 LP , "  Contra . " "  We 've started many songs , " Baio says . "  Obviously we have n't been rushing it . We take it very seriously . We 'll be incredibly psyched to share it with the world when it 's done . " The band has amassed plenty of material , but as frontman Ezra Koenig echoed in a recent chat with Rolling Stone , they are n't working with any deadline in mind . "  We do have a ton of stuff , " said Koenig . "  It would be cool if it was -LSB- released -RSB- this year . I always want to release music as soon as possible , but more and more I 'm realizing it 's something you almost have no control over . We just never want to be in a position -LSB- where -RSB- when we put out something , we feel could 've benefited from more time . " Baio , in particular , has been making the most of his time off the road . On May 21 , the 27-year-old will release his debut solo EP , "  Sunburn , " under his DJ moniker Baio . A three-track set of undulating dance grooves that capture a vibe the bassist describes as "  hopeful melancholy , " it 's the culmination of a hobby Baio took up half a decade ago as a student at Columbia University in New York . "  I had always really loved electronic music and dance music , " says Baio . "  Then when the band started , that kind of got put aside for awhile . But I found that while on tour a lot of nights , I would still feel like I had a lot of energy . And there are opportunities when you play in a band to go out and DJ . " Given the band 's extremely light tour schedule last year , Baio had time to reacquaint himself with his love of DJ ` ing . "  I 'd lock myself in my little office in my apartment with CDJs and a mixer and just practice mixing all day , " he says . "  I did that quite a bit while we were touring the last record and realized when we finished touring that I really wanted to pursue it . " Baio started work on the EP last February . His first completed track was "  Sunburn Modern " -- a cut whose title , Baio says , was inspired by a nasty , "  modern art " - looking sunburn he received last year while on a trip to Mexico with his girlfriend . The bassist says he plans to continue releasing additional solo tunes ; he says he already has "  a bunch of songs " completed and several others he 's currently working on . "  It 's definitely something I plan on pursuing in the foreseeable future , " he adds . Baio does admit that there are drawbacks to going at it alone . "  When you DJ , people can be incredibly rude to you in a hilarious way , " he says . "  A lot of times there will be pretty drunk people who just come up to you and tell you they really hate what you 're doing . Something like that will sting for two seconds , but it 's not worth not putting yourself out there as an artist . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Vampire Weekend have been working on the follow-up to their 2010 LP , "  Contra " "  We 've started many songs , " bassist Chris Baio says On May 21 , Baio will release his debut solo EP , "  Sunburn "
CNN  Yaya Toure has all the trappings of a English Premier League footballer . There is the reported $ 334,000-a-week salary , the luxury homes and cars , not to mention the silverware from last season when Manchester City won the Premier League and the English League Cup . Yet despite that success , including a fourth straight African Player of the Year title , the City and Ivory Coast talisman describes 2014 as "  a horrible year . " No wonder -- it 's barely six months since his younger brother Ibrahim died while Toure and his brother Kolo were on World Cup duty in Brazil . As for what lies in store during 2015 , he 's no idea . Asked if he wants to stay put at City , Toure says , in a wide-ranging interview with CNN 's Amanda Davies : "  That 's a big question and that 's an easy question as well , and you have an easy answer ... we 'll see . " Pressed on whether he plans to still be at the Etihad Stadium for the 2015-16 Premier League season , he says : "  I do n't know . I 'm at City . City is a great club where I 've achieved lots of things . " Those less than equivocal answers bring us to Toure 's Marie Antoinette "  Let them eat cake " moment . After City 's title triumph last season , his agent Dimitri Seluk said Toure was upset that the Ivorian 's birthday had n't been properly "  acknowledged " by the club . "  He got a cake but when it was Roberto Carlos 's birthday , the president of  Russian side  Anzhi  Makhachkala  gave him a Bugatti , " Seluk reportedly said . "  Sometimes it makes you disappointed when the story is going wrong , " says Toure looking back on the episode . "  I do n't want to open my heart up again and open my mind to the newspaper -LSB- reports -RSB- again because there have been such disappointing things running in the newspaper that have hurt me a lot . But I 'm a guy who is very strong mentally . " Toure says he felt let down by certain individuals over how the story unfolded , though he 's not divulging any names . However , he is quick to credit the City supporters as well as chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak and manager Manuel Pellegrini for ensuring he felt loved again . Though it 's playing that provides the greatest solace . "  It 's only football that keeps me peaceful , " adds Toure . "  It 's only the feeling of going after the ball that makes me happy . It 's only once I see the City fans singing my name and the manager told me I want to cover , to take more space , it makes me feel happy and it 's all I want . " Toure is very much a player who wears his heart on his sleeve , and that becomes very apparent as he reflects on the highs and lows of 2014 . The biggest low came while in Brazil when news of Ibrahim 's death was broken to him over the phone by another of his brothers . For Toure , the tragedy still remains raw : "  2014 was , I think I can say , a horrible year for me . "  It was disappointing in the World Cup . Of course , we won the Premier League and the cup this year but I think with the death of my brother it was a hard one , the hardest one because I was not preparing to support such a situation . "  In the family you have one who you love , one who you care about above all the rest and I think Ibrahim was this guy . When he passed away ... that time was quite difficult because we have the beginning of this season in the Premier League and to manage that was difficult . " Amid the tragedy , Toure and sibling Kolo , who plays for Liverpool , opted to stay in Brazil and represent their country . It 's a decision that he still regrets to this day . Playing the ensuing game against Greece , he admits , "  In my mind , I was thinking that after the game I was calling him -LSB- Ibrahim -RSB- . I was still asking ` How do you feel about the game I played against Greece ? ' But he passed away before the game . " Perhaps the memory is in some ways just as raw now , with the brothers back in international action for their country for the upcoming Africa Cup of Nations  AFCON  in Equatorial Guinea . At this time the loyalties of all African players are tested , given so many play for top European club , which are often fighting for titles and cups . "  It 's difficult because your country and club is always our hardest divide especially the City fans , the chairman , the boss as well , they 're good with me and I want to give 100 % when I 'm there , " said the 31-year-old . The Elephants are undeniably one of the strongest teams in the continent of Africa given they can call on the likes of the Toures , recent City signing Wilfried Bony , Salomon Kalou and Cheick Tiote . But the nation have not always shone at international level -- especially at Africa 's most prestigious tournament -- winning just one AFCON title back in 1992 , and finishing runners-up in 2006 and again two years ago . "  I think it 's the lack of concentration or maybe it 's because we fear our own team . We think we are the best but ... you have to have desire , you have to have determination , " says Toure , reflecting on his country 's relative under-performance at the tournament . "  We have to be mentally ready for the hard battle because in Africa it 's not only the opponent we have to fight . We have to fight the temperature as well , we have to fight the field . " The tournament had been due to take place in Morocco but , amid fears of the Ebola crisis , the North African nation withdrew as hosts and Equatorial Guinea stepped in as hosts . Ebola remains a talking point among players and Toure has no qualms that it 's something that concerns him ahead of an opening game against Guinea , where the disease has taken hold . "  It 's difficult when you feel like your family can maybe contract this infection , you 're a little bit afraid , " he says . "  Yes , we fear but we ca n't say we do n't want to go because it 's a situation we need to educate people because people do n't understand how to protect themselves against this infection . " There was talk of perhaps scrapping the tournament for a year due to the threat posed by Ebola , but Toure believes organizers are right to go ahead . "  January is the time when the African people can enjoy , " he says . "  The African player coming from Europe is like a moment in a dream for the African because , when they see us coming , they are always happy . "  It 's going to be like a big fiesta where people can enjoy , they can dance , they can love and they can do what they want . " After Toure 's tumultuous 2014 , he 's hopeful it will prove the perfect start to 2015 .	Toure says ` we 'll see ' when asked if he expects to still be at Manchester City next season Midfielder relives the horror of hearing of the death of his brother Ibrahim at the World Cup Toure 's sights are now set on winning the African Cup of Nations with Ivory Coast
Editor 's note : Kevin Pho , a primary care physician in Nashua , N.H. , blogs at KevinMD.com Dr. Kevin Pho says health reform ca n't succeed as long as there 's a shortage of primary care doctors . CNN  -- When President Obama recently cited the number of Americans without health insurance , he declared that , "  We are not a nation that accepts nearly 46 million uninsured men , women , and children . " Uninsured patients often delay preventive care , waiting to seek medical attention only when their conditions worsen . This leads to more intensive treatment , often in the emergency department or hospital where costs run the highest . Universal health coverage is therefore a sensible goal , and the reforms being considered all make considerable effort to provide everyone with affordable health care . But expanding coverage can not succeed as long as there remains a shortage of primary care clinicians . After all , what good is having health insurance if you ca n't find a doctor to see you ? Massachusetts is often held out as a model for national health reform , and the bills being considered in Washington emulate much of that state 's 2006 landmark universal coverage law . As a physician in neighboring New Hampshire , I have had the opportunity to observe the effect of the Massachusetts reforms . Today , 97 percent of Massachusetts residents have health insurance , the highest in the country . But less publicized are the unintended consequences that the influx of half a million newly insured patients has had on an unprepared primary care system . The Massachusetts Medical Society reported that the average wait time for a new patient looking for a primary care doctor ranged from 36 to 50 days , with almost half of internal medicine physicians closing their doors entirely to new patients . And when you consider that Massachusetts already has the highest concentration of doctors nationwide , wait times will likely be worse in other , less physician-abundant parts of the country , should universal coverage be enacted federally . When patients are forced to wait weeks to obtain medical care , they inevitably find their way into the emergency department for treatment that ordinarily can be handled in a doctor 's office . Indeed , since health reform was passed , according to state data provided to the Boston Globe , Massachusetts emergency rooms have reported a 7 percent increase in volume , which markedly inflates costs when you consider that emergency room treatment can be up to 10 times more expensive than an office visit for the same ailment . Alwyn Cassil , a spokeswoman for the nonpartisan Center for Studying Health System Change , told HealthDay News that expanding coverage without improving access to care is a "  recipe for failure , " as well as unsustainable , "  because it will just bankrupt us . " Massachusetts is finding out just how difficult it is to fiscally maintain universal coverage . In part due to soaring health costs , the state Legislature has proposed reducing health benefits for 30,000 legal immigrants and cutting funding to inner-city hospitals like Boston Medical Center , which , according to the Boston Globe , may "  force it to slash programs and jeopardize care for thousands of poverty-stricken families . " The success of universal health coverage depends on an adequate supply of primary care providers . But the Association of American Medical Colleges is forecasting a shortage of 46,000 primary care physicians by 2025 , a deficit that not only will balloon under any universal coverage measure , but can not be made up as doctors , nurse practitioners and physician assistants all gravitate towards more lucrative specialty practice . It 's not only the financial incentives that need to substantially change for primary care to prosper . More important , the working conditions for the physicians already in the field have to improve . A recent survey in the Annals of Internal Medicine found that roughly half of primary care doctors reported practicing in a work environment "  strongly associated with low physician satisfaction , high stress ... and -LSB- an -RSB- intent to leave . " Primary care clinicians routinely face unreasonable time pressures , a chaotic work pace , and bureaucratic impediments . Onerous paperwork requirements that obstruct patient care have to be reduced . And instead of the current system which encourages doctors to rush through as many office visits as possible , physicians who take the time to counsel , guide , and address all of their patients ' concerns should be rewarded . Better valuing the doctor-patient relationship will increase satisfaction , not only for physicians , but for their patients as well . Such solutions , however , have been largely absent from the health reform conversation . Although it is a moral imperative for every American to have access to health insurance , alleviating the shortage of primary care providers is of equal importance . The prospect of suddenly adding tens of millions of patients to an overburdened primary care system has the potential to make the already dire state of American health care even worse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Pho .	Kevin Pho : It 's important to extend coverage to the uninsured He says reform ca n't work if there are n't enough doctors to care for all Pho says Massachusetts is finding it ca n't provide care to those newly covered Pho : Adding tens of millions of patients could strain system
CNN  -- Two Italians , a Dane , a German , a Frenchman and a Brit walk into a space station ... or will , in 2013 , if all goes according to European Space Agency plans . Europe 's six new astronauts hope to join their American counterparts on the Internation Space Station . The six new astronauts named Wednesday were chosen from more than 8,400 candidates , and are the first new ESA astronauts since 1992 , the space agency said in a statement . They include two military test pilots , one fighter pilot and one commercial pilot , plus an engineer and a physicist . "  This is a very important day for human spaceflight in Europe , " said Simonetta Di Pippo , Director of Human Spaceflight at ESA . "  These young men and women are the next generation of European space explorers . They have a fantastic career ahead , which will put them right on top of one of the ultimate challenges of our time : going back to the Moon and beyond as part of the global exploration effort . " Humans have not walked on the moon since 1972 , just over three years after the first manned mission to Earth 's nearest neighbor . The six will begin space training in Germany , with an eye to being ready for future missions to the International Space Station and beyond in four years . They are : Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy , a fighter pilot with degrees in engineering and aeronautical sciences ; Alexander Gerst , a German researcher with degrees in physics and earth science ; Andreas Mogensen , a Danish engineer with the private space firm HE Space Operations ; Luca Parmitano of Italy , an Air Force pilot with a degree in aeronautical sciences ; Timothy Peake , an English test pilot with the British military ; and Frenchman Thomas Pesquet , an Air France pilot who previously worked as an engineer at the French space agency .	2 Italians , a Dane , a German , a Frenchman and Briton make astronaut list Six new astronauts named Wednesday chosen from 8,400 candidates Group will undergo four years of training in Germany
Washington  CNN  -- It should come as no surprise that prominent union leaders are among the first group President Barack Obama courts as he seeks support for overhauling immigration policy . It was organized labor that helped ensure defeat of a bipartisan effort to reform the nation 's immigration laws five years ago . At that time , the AFL-CIO and other prominent union groups came out against the initiative , fearing a proposal for a temporary guest worker program for seasonal workers would weaken union membership and bargaining clout . That led to a handful of liberal-leaning Democrats to vote against the bill , including Sens. Sherrod Brown , Tom Harkin and Debbie Stabenow . Mindful that a potential split in the Democratic coalition this time around could again prove fatal to the passage of an immigration bill , Obama met on Tuesday with more than a dozen labor leaders . They included AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka , Eliseo Medina of the Service Employees International Union , and Arturo Rodriguez of United Farm Workers . Castillo : Five reasons why time may be right for immigration reform The purpose of the hour-long , closed-door meeting was to engage in a "  dialogue " about "  immigration reform and how it fits into his broader economic agenda , " the White House said . In comments to reporters following the meeting , there was evidence the president had sought to ensure that the union leaders were in his corner before he unveils an immigration proposal . "  It was an excellent conversation , " Trumka said outside the White House . "  I think we are all on the same page . " The White House has long been hopeful that the labor movement get on board . Despite a contentious relationship at times with labor , the president 's agenda has largely been supported by the major union leaders . Trumka also notably attended Obama 's immigration speech last week in Las Vegas . Nonetheless , the same sticking points that turned labor against immigration reform five years ago remain . ` Now 's the time ' to move on immigration , Obama says Conservatives , including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , are again pushing a temporary guest worker program that is favored by the business community and agricultural interests that depend on seasonal employment . But the major unions remain opposed to such a measure . In 2009 , both the AFL-CIO and the SEIU jointly released guidelines on an immigration reform package they would support . Those guidelines called for "  improvement , not expansion " of temporary worker programs . Obama has so far not mentioned a guest worker program in his broad outlines of an immigration reform plan . The burden of attaining citizenship is another trip wire . Both the AFL-CIO and SEIU are lobbying for an easier path to citizenship than was proposed by the 2007 effort . That is in part because union membership has declined significantly over the past two decades along with contraction of U.S. manufacturing . A surge of new citizens , many of whom will seek unionized jobs , could boost their numbers . "  We were talking about trying to fix a broken system , " Trumka said after the White House meeting . "  We were talking about commonsense reform that has an inclusive and broad path to citizenship that allows us to bring people in and take advantage of that . " America 's brain drain dilemma : immigrant students who leave Trumka declined to specify the kind of path to citizenship the president suggested he would support . Another leader said she thought there was agreement between the labor groups and Obama . "  There was joint agreement by everybody in this room and the president that there must be a pathway to citizenship and it must be meaningful and real , " said Janet Murguia of the National Council of La Raza , also a participant in the meeting . "  It 's our job to get the kind of solution that will reflect that meaningful path . "	Obama sits down with labor leaders to discuss immigration reform Conservatives are again pushing a temporary guest worker program Both the AFL-CIO and SEIU are lobbying for an easier path to citizenship
CNN  -- When fans approach Mike Tyson for photographs , they do n't want the typical arm-around-the-shoulder celeb shot . Rather , they want the former world heavyweight champion to pose as if he 's going to chomp their ear off . And he 's OK with that . The former world heavyweight champion sat down with Rachel Nichols for a candid talk about his battles in an out of the ring with drugs and alcohol , and finally being at peace with his own life . Mike Tyson has been the fiercest fighter of his generation , done jail time , and even starred in a one-man show on Broadway . "  It 's a big joke now , " Tyson told Rachel Nichols of the infamous 1997 boxing match in which he bit off a portion of Evander Holyfield 's ear . The incident disqualified him from the match and racked up fines and a host of legal woes for Tyson , whose bad-boy reputation had gone off the rails many a time . Both men starred in a recent Foot Locker commercial in which Tyson "  returned " the ear , but he told Nichols that he is sincerely sorry . Nichols asked Tyson about the turning point in his career that was his cameo in the 2009 smash comedy film "  The Hangover . " "  For a lot of people ` The Hangover ' movie was a real turning point , " said Nichols . "  It was a very endearing performance . " Like his "  Hangover " alter-ego , Tyson actually has had "  a few tigers " as pets . "  You ca n't just throw them in the backseat like a dog , and have his head go out the window and go for a drive , right ? " inquired Nichols . "  You could , " said Tyson , however "  they do n't like the wind ... hitting them in the face . " "  So , you can go for a drive with your pet tiger , " asked Nichols , "  just do n't open the window ? " "  Well ... just crack it a little bit , " Tyson laughed . "  See , they pass gas . " In Tyson 's earlier days , at the height of his boxing career in the late 1980s-early 1990s , he was knocking out his opponents at just 30 and 40 seconds into the game . Following what he described as a rough upbringing in Brownsville , Brooklyn , Tyson told Nichols he had been arrested more than 40 times by the time he was 12 . But by 20 years of age , Tyson had become Heavyweight Champion of the World . "  Once you get there , " asked Nichols , "  how difficult is it to deal with it ? " "  It gives you a false sense of security , " Tyson told the CNN host . "  It makes you somewhat believe that you ca n't even die . And it turns you into a coward . This is what I know . People are n't born humble . Human beings have to be humbled in order to really appreciate the value of life . " Along with the fame and notoriety came great fortune . But the money came and went fast . "  I could n't fathom the zeros , " Tyson confessed . "  Just a lot of zeros ... That money put a lot of demons in me . I 'm not one of those guys that should have too much goodies and stuff . " Chalking his monetary downfall to poor spending habits and managers who were n't looking out for his best interests , among other things , has inspired Tyson , now 47 , to help young boxers avoid some of the pitfalls he fell prey to in his 20s in a new career turn as a boxing promoter . "  How are you doing it differently than the guys who promoted you ? " asked Nichols . "  I 'll make sure my guys get their money at the end of the day , " said Tyson , "  and they wo n't have to worry about that . They have to be responsible , like I was n't . I was n't a responsible fighter .	Mike Tyson is a guest on "  Unguarded " with Rachel Nichols tonight at 10:30 p.m. ET on CNN Tyson discusses his boxing career , life-affirming changes , pet tigers , and much more Tyson recently commercial where he "  returned " Evander Holyfield 's ear The former heavyweight champion also took to the Broadway stage in a one-man show
CNN  -- The Bahrain Grand Prix is threatening to overshadow the Formula One season for a third year running as the kingdom 's government and leading human rights organisations dispute the recent arrests of up to 70 people . In 2012 days of anti-government protests failed to halt the Bahrain GP which went ahead even as nearby streets were blocked with burning tires and trash . Protests in Bahrain started in February 2011 spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But demonstrations in Bahrain failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state . The crackdown was backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates under the banner of the Gulf Cooperation Council . The Bahrain Center for Human Rights told CNN Arabic that 20 people from the Dar Klaib and Shahrakan villages -- both near the Bahrain International Circuit -- had been arrested , with another 50 arrested from the Aldeir and Samaheij villages near to the airport . The Bahrain Centre for Human Rights described the government arrests as "  attacks carried out by the security authorities " , with BRAVO  The Bahrain Rehabilitation and Anti-violence Organization  president Nada Deif specifically linking them to the April 19 GP . "  Most of the detainees are activists in the fields of journalism documenting and photography , " said Deif . "  This latest crackdown and the way it 's being carried out raises new questions about the Bahraini authorities ' commitment to reform , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch  HRW  on the organisation 's website , which reported police have conducted up to 30 raids in on towns close to the F1 circuit and the roads leading to the capital , Manama . "  These raids and detentions suggest that officials are more concerned with getting activists out of circulation for the F1 race than with addressing the legitimate grievances that have led so many Bahrainis to take to the streets . " However , the Bahrain government insisted the arrests were not linked to the GP . "  The recent arrests came after a terrorist assault on the Foreign Ministry building using Molotov bombs , " the Bahraini communication minister and government spokeswoman Samirah Rajab told CNN Arabic . "  Their arrest came under the rule of law and they were sent to Public Prosecution office ahead of their trial . It has nothing to do with the F1 race . "  It 's the state responsibility to protect its people along with those who are living in the county and impose security . Also the security forces implement law when arresting someone and do n't raid houses unless it has an order from the court of public prosecutor . "  The comments written by HRW are at best secondhand observations made without evidence . HRW is not on the ground in Bahrain to make such comments without verifying its source . " Last year opposition calls for large protests had raised fears the Bahrain GP would have to be canceled for a second year in a row and pose a threat to F1 crews , workers , and fans . Anti-government protesters had called the race a publicity stunt by the country 's rulers to make the nation appear more unified . F1 is the world 's most popular motor sport , and races have a TV audience of more than 500 million , though the scenes last year in Bahrain were viewed as a public relations disaster for both the sport and the country 's authorities . In 2011 the Grand Prix was canceled completely after drivers including former F1 star Damon Hill raised concerns following the death of at least 35 demonstrators as the government called in Saudi Arabian-led forces to help stamp out unrest . Canceling the race in 2011 cost Bahrain an estimated $ 480 to $ 800 million in potential investments . Bahrain 's Sunni-ruled government crushed the Shiite protests , though the opposition has continued to demand political reform in protests and , occasionally , clashes with authorities . Earlier this week Hill called on the F1 's ruling body the FIA and its president Jean Todt to come up with a definitive position on this year 's race . "  The vast majority of people in the sport would like to say we do n't want to come here to make life worse for people , " Hill , who now works as a motorsport television pundit , was quoted as telling a number of British newspapers after a security briefing in Westminster in London . "  We would like you to enjoy F1 . It has lots of positive things to offer . But please do n't , on our behalf , round people up and brutalize them . I do n't see that being political . It 's more ethical than political . " Neither the FIA nor Todt were immediately available for comment . "  The messages I 'm getting from various people in the opposition -- and there have been pretty regular street protest over the past three weeks -- is that the F1 race will be more of a focus than it was last year , " British MP Richard Burden , who chairs parliamentary groups on motorsport and who was outspoken against last year 's race taking place , was quoted as telling the Guardian newspaper : "  That 's what they anticipate happening . If anything happens it will be a tragedy for all concerned . "  I hope in the next few days that people will understand that words do have an impact . " Bahrain plays a key strategic role in the Middle East and is home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet headquarters . Additional reporting by Caroline Faraj and Schams Elwazer .	Controversy threatens to surround Bahrain Grand Prix for third year running Bahrain government and human rights organizations dispute recent arrests of up to 70 people In 2012 the Bahrain GP went ahead , though in 2011 the race was canceled
EW.com  -- Right about now , some intern at Sony is probably carting a few crates of champagne into the boardroom . Or at the very least least a couple buckets of Halloween candy . The studio had a terrific weekend , breaking the September box office slump with the top two hits in the country . "  Hotel Transylvania " led the way with a tremendous $ 43 million from 3,349 theaters -- the highest September opening weekend of all time ahead of "  Sweet Home Alabama 's " $ 35.6 million bow a full decade ago . The monster hit , which earned an "  A - " CinemaScore grade and a sizzling $ 12,840 per theater average , will continue to play to family audiences in the weeks leading up to the great pumpkin holiday , and will easily break the $ 100 million mark -- a milestone that has evaded main voice actor Adam Sandler 's last two films , "  That 's My Boy "  $ 36.9 million  and "  Jack and Jill "  $ 74.2 million  . For the still-young Sony Pictures Animation  the animation division entered the marketplace in 2006 with Open Season  , "  Hotel Transylvania 's " strong debut is the studio 's best opening weekend yet . SPA 's former top dog was "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs , " which started with $ 30.3 million on its way to $ 124.9 million total in 2009 . "  Hotel Transylvania , " which cost Sony $ 85 million , will almost certainly beat that total . DreamWorks and Fox have already proved that there 's room in the animation game for studios other than Pixar -- especially thanks to the lucrative international market -- and it seems Sony is growing into a viable contender as well . "  Hotel Transylvania 's " debut trailed the openings of "  Brave "  $ 66.3 million  and "  Madagascar 3 "  $ 60.3 million  substantially , but it was right in line with "  Ice Age : Continental Drift 's " start  $ 46.6 million  . Still , the animated title was n't the only reason for Sony to be happy this weekend . The time-bending sci-fi thriller "  Looper " got off to a strong start as well with $ 21.2 million from 2,992 locations , immediately setting itself up as a winner for distributor TriStar , a subsidiary of Sony . The Bruce Willis/Joseph Gordon-Levitt vehicle rode a wave of positive reviews over the course of the weekend . After a $ 6.9 million Friday , the film ticked up an encouraging 28 percent to $ 8.8 million on Saturday -- a sign of positive word-of-mouth , despite the film 's mediocre "  B " CinemaScore grade . For star Joseph Gordon-Levitt , "  Looper " establishes box-office viability after the terrible performance of his bike messenger film "  Premium Rush , " which earned only $ 19.8 million following its August 's debut . The film was financed for a slim $ 35 million by Endgame Entertainment , who partnered with Chinese distributor DMG Entertainment . Working with the Chinese distributor paid off in a big way in China , where "  Looper "  which portrays a futuristic , dominant China  is expected to earn about $ 24 million , making this the first time China has ever been the number one territory for a film at the global box office . Times certainly are a changin ' . The next three spots on the chart are occupied by last weekend 's top three films . "  End of Watch " fell 39 percent to $ 8.0 million and has now grossed $ 26.2 million . "  Trouble with the Curve " dipped 38 percent to $ 7.5 million and has now earned $ 23.7 million . And "  House at the End of the Street " declined 41 percent to $ 7.2 million and has now found $ 22.2 million . 1 . Hotel Transylvania -- $ 43.0 million 2 . Looper -- $ 21.2 million 3 . End of Watch -- $ 8.0 million 4 . Trouble with the Curve -- $ 7.5 million 5 . House at the End of the Street -- $ 7.2 million Just outside the Top 5 , Universal 's buzzy $ 17 million a cappella comedy "  Pitch Perfect " proved to be just that . Playing in only 335 theaters , the Glee-ful singing competition flick grossed a tremendous $ 5.2 million , giving "  Pitch Perfect " a robust $ 15,560 per theater average -- the strongest of all movies that reported box-office numbers today . Perhaps unsurprisingly , audiences were 74 percent female . Universal will launch the film , which earned an "  A " CinemaScore , into about 2,800 theaters next weekend . Look for it to hit a box-office high note . Way back in 10th place was Fox 's new wide release "  Wo n't Back Down , " the teaching drama starring Maggie Gyllenhaal and Viola Davis . The film , which cost a reported $ 19 million to make , bombed with only $ 2.7 million from 2,515 theaters , yielding a wretched $ 1,074 per theater average . Someone please bring those ladies an apple . Two other notes . Summit 's "  Perks of Being a Wallflower " had another great week in limited release . The Logan Lerman/Emma Watson feature grossed $ 1.1 million from 102 theaters , giving Perks a terrific $ 11,150 theater average . Summit will continue to expand the film in the next few weeks . Meanwhile "  Ice Age : Continental Drift " set a box-office record overseas , where the film has now earned $ 693.9 million -- the highest international total of all time for an animated film . Meanwhile , the film 's $ 159.6 million domestic cume is a franchise-low for the "  Ice Age " films . Like I said , times are a changin ' . Check back next week for full box office coverage of Frankenweenie , Taken 2 , and Pitch Perfect , and follow me on Twitter for up-to-the-minute box office updates . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Hotel Transylvania " led the way at this weekend 's box office Time travel film "  Looper " came in second Playing in only 335 theaters , "  Pitch Perfect " grossed $ 5.2 million
CNN  -- Behind nearly every American tragedy is a conspiracy theory . Think JFK 's assassination , even the 9/11 attacks . So it 's no surprise that there have been similar doubts that a fuel tank explosion caused the 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 , killing all 230 people aboard . That was the government 's ruling , yet it never quelled the theory that a missile strike brought down the plane off the coast of Long Island , New York . So why is an upcoming documentary set to air on an obscure cable channel that rehashes this theory getting so much attention this week ? "  TWA Flight 800 " is based on the claims of former federal investigators who took part in the initial probe and witnesses who say their accounts were not taken seriously . They want a do-over . Hank Hughes , who was the National Transportation Safety Board 's senior accident investigator for TWA 800 , is among the ex-investigators featured in the documentary calling for a new probe into what caused the crash . He said the NTSB 's final report on the crash ignored witnesses , misinterpreted bomb residue and misanalyzed radar data . Bottom line , according to the documentary producers : "  One or more ordnance explosions outside the aircraft caused the crash . " The documentary does not identify or speculate about who fired the ordnance ; it says only that they most likely were launched from the waters off Long Island . They are hoping that the NTSB , the nation 's top investigative agency for plane crashes , will determine that by reopening the investigation into TWA 800 . All this is fueling suspicion that has been around for years about a possible cover-up . One story that surfaced shortly after the crash laid out an elaborate conspiracy theory that the crash was caused by a U.S. Navy "  friendly fire " incident that was followed by a huge government cover-up . The report was co-authored by Ian Goddard , Mike Sommers and the late former ABC News reporter Pierre Salinger . Goddard later apologized for the report , saying "  my effort to pin the crash ... on the Navy was reckless and a mistake . " Related : Still ` paranoid ' after all these years Conspiracy talk gets people 's attention . As CNN commenter RUDucky2 points out : "  Conspiracies are very comforting creatures . " They give society "  bad guys to hunt . " And any proof that contradicts the conspiracy "  becomes more ` proof ' that there 's a conspiracy . " And colleagues of the ex-investigators featured in the documentary fear this is nothing more than an effort to stir up conspiracy theories . "  I would never be part of any cover-up . Period , " former NTSB official John Goglia told CNN . Goglia , who served on the five-member NTSB during the investigation , said he "  took offense " at any suggestion that his team ignored evidence . None of the evidence detailing how the plane fell apart supports the missile theory , he said . It 's not like the missile theory was dismissed at the outset , said the top FBI investigator on the case , James Kallstrom . "  We took the ... possibility a missile brought down the plane very , very seriously , " Kallstrom told CNN . "  We we 're 99 % sure that this was not a terrorist . " But what about that remaining 1 % ? There are parts of the investigation that can point "  any way you want , " Goglia said . But most importantly , he said , the pieces of the puzzle have to be judged "  as a whole . " How about the former investigators in the documentary who are calling for a new probe ? Do they stand to gain anything from all this ? "  There 's no motive in this other than we want to get it straight , " said Hughes , who wrote a petition asking the NTSB to reopen its investigation . "  It 's a matter of personal integrity for us ... we have nothing to gain financially or otherwise ... " Read the petition Kallstrom said he does n't question Hughes ' motives , but he added , "  I just wished if someone felt that strongly about speaking like that , they could have brought it to someone 's attention ... commencing with the investigation -- not wait 17 years until they get their pensions in their pockets and then come out with it . " Longtime aviation journalist Sylvia Adcock thought one point was worth noting : The documentary boasts that "  investigators finally break their silence . " That 's interesting because , Adcock says , one of the investigators actually testified during a Senate hearing in 1999 . "  It would seem that if he had something more pertinent to say he would have said it long ago , " Adcock wrote in her CNN opinion piece . Much of the documentary -- which was made available to the media before its July 17 premiere -- rests its theory on an analysis of the evidence by the film 's co-producer , Tom Stalcup , who was not involved in the probe . A longtime and passionate critic of the official investigation , Stalcup has been vexed by witness accounts that are at odds with the fuel tank explosion theory . Of course if the disaster happened today , the world would weigh in almost immediately on what witnesses saw based on countless smartphone videos of the blast that would pop up online . So , will the NTSB have to go back to square one all these years later ? Kallstrom -- a former FBI assistant director -- said he would n't be opposed to the FBI joining with the NTSB to take another look at the case . The agency told CNN it has received Hughes ' petition and "  will respond to the petitioners once a determination is made . " The NTSB noted that petitions must be based on new evidence or "  on a showing that the Board 's findings are erroneous . " New evidence ? The basic claim that a missile hit the plane is n't new , wrote Adcock . The radar data does n't appear to be new either , according to journalist James Polk , one of CNN 's lead producers covering the disaster . "  As far as I can tell from reading the petition , there 's no new evidence , " Polk said . "  But their alternative interpretation of existing evidence and their assumptions alone probably will not be sufficient to persuade the NTSB to start all over again from scratch . " Whatever comes out of all this , it 's unlikely to smother the debate and the conspiracy theories swirling around one of aviation history 's most mysterious plane crashes .	Debate rages over documentary about 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 Allegations that NTSB/FBI crash probe was flawed fuels conspiracy theories Ex-FBI investigation chief and ex-NTSB officials defend conclusions that crash was an accident Documentary suggests that missiles may have shot down the plane , killing all 230 people aboard
Washington  CNN  -- It looks like Marco Rubio is n't laying low anymore . The senator from Florida and possible 2016 Republican presidential candidate followed up a Friday swing through the first-in-the-nation primary state of New Hampshire with some candid comments on Sunday talk shows about the next race for the White House . And following a White House report that declared the effects of climate change are upon us , Rubio said in numerous interviews that he does n't believe that humans are causing global warming , and does n't think any action can reverse that course . The moves by Rubio put him back in the 2016 spotlight , which he 's avoided for much of the past year . Inside Politics : Rubio says he 's ready to be president "  It 's a completely wide open GOP field . None of our fruit is ripe : To move from long shot to frontrunner , every potential GOP candidate has to grow , develop , or overcome a debility and Marco Rubio has as good a shot at doing that as anybody at this point , " says Alex Castellanos , a veteran Republican strategist and CNN contributor who last year founded NewRepublican.org . Another GOP strategist said Rubio 's political persona is still a work in progress . "  Building a presidential profile is n't a sprint , it 's a marathon . Showing up in New Hampshire will no doubt stoke public speculation , but Rubio has spent his time in the Senate working hard on issues that matter to Florida , but they also matter to a majority of folks across the country , " said Republican strategist Kevin Madden , a CNN contributor who was a senior adviser and spokesman for the 2008 and 2012 Mitt Romney presidential campaigns . Poll numbers slip Early last year , Rubio 's name was near or at the top of public opinion polls of Republicans for the party 's 2016 presidential nomination . But Rubio 's numbers slipped after his high-profile support for a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate last June . The measure , which stalled in the House , included an eventual pathway to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants , which is strongly opposed by many conservatives . Rubio 's numbers in 2016 polls quickly faded , and have remained in the single digits in follow-up surveys . Rubio stood in ninth place , at 6 % , in the most recent CNN/ORC International Poll , which was conducted just over a week ago . While many of the other potential Republican White House hopefuls , such as Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , have made numerous trips to all or some of the early primary and caucus states such as New Hampshire , Iowa and South Carolina , over the past 18 months , Rubio has not . While he has n't visited Iowa since 2012 , Rubio is n't forgetting about the state votes first in the road to the White House . Rubio recently decided to focus the resources of his Reclaim America PAC on three big Senate races this year . One is the crucial Senate battle in Iowa , where Rubio 's backing conservative Joni Ernst , whose stock is on the rise . The visit to the Granite State was his first trip to any of those key states since the last presidential election , other than an appearance at an event for Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad soon after the 2012 election , which Rubio indicated he agreed to attend months earlier as a favor to Branstad . Rubio sounded like a presidential candidate as the headliner for the Rockingham County Republican Committee 's annual "  Freedom Founders " dinner , held at the historic Wentworth-By-The-Sea hotel just outside of Portsmouth . He slammed Democrats and in particular former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who 's seriously considering a White House run and is considered the favorite for the Democratic nomination should she launch a candidacy . "  Their ideas never worked in the 20th century , much less the 21st , and they 're threatening to nominate someone now who wants to take us to the past , to an era that is gone and is never coming back , " Rubio told the audience . A good first impression A veteran Republican strategist in New Hampshire who attended the party dinner said Rubio connected with the crowd . "  Marco Rubio made a powerful first impression with New Hampshire Republicans on Friday , speaking passionately about his uniquely American story and with conviction about his optimistic vision for our country 's future , bringing an enthusiastic overflow crowd to their feet at night 's end in New Castle , " said Jim Merrill , who was a top adviser to Mitt Romney in the Granite State in his presidential campaigns . "  While Senator Paul and  New Jersey  Governor  Chris  Christie , each impressive in their own right , are both perceived as having early advantages here , New Hampshire 's upcoming "  First in the Nation " primary is the most wide open that we 've ever seen , with no heir apparent , " Merrill said . The dinner was just one stop during a busy day for Rubio in New Hampshire . Earlier , he headlined a fundraiser for the state GOP , held private meetings with some influential Republicans , and sat down for interviews with local media . "  I want people to look at the Republican Party as the party that shows them the way to a new American century versus a Democratic Party that shows us how this is the new normal and we just have to get used to it , that the cashier at Burger King will always be a cashier , and all he or she can hope for is an increase in the minimum wage , " Rubio said in an interview with the New Hampshire Union Leader . Another New Hampshire-based Republican strategist said Rubio 's "  taking all the necessary steps that someone would take if they were considering a presidential run . " Rubio quickly followed his New Hampshire swing with an appearance on ABC 's "  This Week , " where he said that he 's ready to be commander in chief . "  But I think that 's true for multiple other people that would want to run . " Dig at fellow senator ? In the interview , Rubio appeared to take a shot at Rand Paul . Rubio said if someone wants to be president , they should fully commit to just that , adding that candidates should n't try to hold their congressional seats while pursuing the White House . Should he decide to launch a 2016 campaign , Rubio said he wo n't run simultaneously for re-election for his Senate seat . Poll : Bush , Paul at top of wide-open 2016 GOP race "  I believe that if you want to be president of the United States , you run for president , " he said . "  You do n't run for president with some eject button in the cockpit that allows you to go on an exit ramp if it does n't work out . " Rubio has noted that Florida law prohibits candidates from being on the ballot for two offices , a rule he described as "  the right law . " But in Kentucky , allies of Paul have pushed a bill that would allow a federal candidate to simultaneously seek more than one office . Climate change controversy In the same interview , Rubio set down a marker on climate change . "  I do not believe that human activity is causing these dramatic changes to our climate the way these scientists are portraying it , " Rubio said . "  I do not believe that the laws that they propose we pass will do anything about it , except it will destroy our economy , " he added . In the week since the Obama administration released a national climate change report that named Miami as the city most vulnerable to rising sea levels , Rubio has been critical of the White House push on global warming . "  I think it 's an enormous stretch to say that every weather incident that we read about or the majority of them are attributable to human activity , " he told CNN . Among other things , President Barack Obama has proposed new programs to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide , which most scientists say are the major cause of global warming . "  The President is , he 's not a meteorologist . Here 's what the President needs to be focused on . He 's proposing a certain set of policies that he would have to admit if questioned will do nothing . If in fact these scientists are right and it 's greenhouse gas emissions that are changing our climate , none of the things he 's proposing would do anything to change that whatsoever , but it would have a devastating impact on our economy , " Rubio told CNN . Rubio : No ` eject button ' if he runs for president While the latest polling indicates most Americans say that human activity is causing the earth to heat up , there 's a wide partisan gap , and such comments could benefit a candidate among conservatives , who dominate voting in the GOP presidential primaries and caucuses . Building a resume And Republican strategists say Rubio 's resume building can only benefit him if he runs for higher office . "  Many voters believe President Obama 's inexperience has hurt him . In their next president , they are going to be looking for maturity , " Castellanos said . "  Rubio has to prove that he 's mature enough to be president and he 's beginning to do that by rather fearlessly taking on some tough foreign policy and domestic issues , from Crimea to global warming . " Rubio : Candidates should only run for one office at a time And Madden says that 's just what Rubio 's doing . Rather than spending much of the past year traveling across the country , Rubio 's been on Capitol Hill , putting policy ahead of politics . "  You ca n't just invent presidential buzz , at least not presidential buzz that lasts or translates into something real . You have to be involved in shaping the debate and fighting on the big issues that matter . Rubio has done that , so he 's a part of the conversation , " Madden added . But with the midterm election campaigns in full swing , giving potential GOP 2016ers plenty of opportunities to hit the trail in support of fellow Republicans , Rubio may soon be spending more time on the stump . Next month , he joins other possible GOP White House contenders at the annual Faith and Freedom Coalition "  Road to Majority " Conference in Washington .	After spending much of the last year dodging 2016 talk , Marco Rubio re-emerges Rubio follows up high-profile events with swing through Sunday talks shows Florida senator takes shots at President Obama , potential 2016 candidates
EW.com  -- Disney 's $ 250 million sci-fi epic "  John Carter " earned an underwhelming $ 500,000 at midnight showings , the studio confirmed . According to Disney , that figure is in line with what 2010â $ ² s "  Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time " earned . That movie , also a costly adventure flick , wound up debuting to $ 30.1 million -- and Disney would really like to see a "  3â $ ³ in front of John Carter 's weekend gross . But it 's still way too early to tell , as midnight figures can not be entirely trusted . After all , just last Friday , "  Project X " took in $ 1.2 million at midnight screenings en route to a $ 21.1 million weekend . Admittedly , "  Project X " is a more midnight-friendly movie than "  John Carter , " but then consider last year 's action fantasy Immortals , which grossed $ 1.4 million at midnight showings and finished its first weekend with $ 32.2 million . However "  John Carter " performs this weekend  we 're predicting a $ 26 million debut  , the movie will likely find a bit more love overseas . Disney announced that the film already posted the biggest opening day ever in Russia with a projected $ 6.5 million . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  John Carter " earned an underwhelming $ 500,000 at midnight showings It 's still way too early to tell , as midnight figures can not be entirely trusted The movie will likely find a bit more love overseas
CNN  -- Far-right extremist groups had been on the rise , particularly in reaction to President Obama 's election in 2008 and the financial crisis around the same time . But now , hate group prevalence is taking a downward turn , according to a report released Tuesday . The number of hate groups declined 7 % from 2012 to 2013 , the Southern Poverty Law Center said in the report . "  We had four years of spectacular growth of the radical right , " said Mark Potok , senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center . Now , it "  seems to be turning a corner . " It 's unclear whether the decline will continue , Potok said . There were 1,007 groups in 2012 and 939 last year , but those numbers are still substantially higher than in 1999 , when there were only 457 such groups . "  Patriot " groups in particular saw a significant drop , falling 19 % from 1,360 groups in 2012 to 1,096 in 2013 . These anti-government groups had been strengthening in numbers substantially ; there were only 149 of them in 2008 . The report attributed the overall declines in hate groups to factors such as Obama 's re-election , an improving economy and law enforcement crackdowns . "  In other words , the same groups that were galvanized by Obama 's first election and swelled dramatically as a result , were demoralized by his re-election , which seemed to signal that their battle was lost despite enormous effort , " Potok wrote in the report . Reasons for the trend Mainstream politicians have also adopted right-wing extremist issues , which could be another reason for the drop . Laws in Arizona , Kansas , Louisiana , North Carolina , Oklahoma , South Dakota and Tennessee aim to stop Islamic Shariah law from being imposed on American courts , the report said , even though that could not happen under the Constitution . State legislatures also have passed or considered laws that try to "  nullify " federal legislation , which courts have repeatedly found to be unconstitutional , the report said . This "  nullification " idea dates to the defense of slavery before the Civil War , resurrected "  by Southern states resisting school desegregation and the civil rights movement . " Extremist groups also suffered because of their own internal dynamics , the report said , citing the National Alliance , which has gone from 1,400 people to under 100 since its founder died in 2002 . The law center attributed the decline of this group -- which used to be the best organized in America -- to "  its new leader 's ineptitude and the SPLC 's exposure of a series of embarrassing secrets about the group and its leaders . " But although fewer groups may be active , violence and terrorism stemming from them are still very much present , Potok said . "  When the groups are more out of step with public opinion , when they are weaker and more weakly led , is often when you see followers strike out violently , " he said . For instance , a self-described member of the Ku Klux Klan and an accomplice were arrested and charged with conspiracy to provide material support for use of a weapon of mass destruction last year , according to the criminal complaint . Federal officials said they were planning to develop a mobile X-ray system that would be used kill people whom they deemed "  undesirable . " Feds nab KKK member , accomplice for lethal X-ray plot Some geographic areas are more concentrated with extremist groups than others . California has the distinction of being the state with the most number of hate groups -- 77 -- followed by Florida with 58 and Texas with 57 , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center 's interactive map . A move toward secrecy Besides the obvious clash of values , there 's an emerging trend among some extremist groups that runs counter to mainstream American society : leaving the Internet . In some ways , that 's not surprising , Potok said , because the more serious groups have always been underground . Ku Klux Klan groups "  held steady " with 163 chapters in 2013 , but they are dampening their online presence , the report said . They appear to be leaving the Internet "  in an apparent bid to regain the secrecy that marked their heyday . " A major specific group that ditched their digital presence is the United White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , which has 30 "  klaverns "  chapters  , the report said . More recently , the 10-chapter Fraternal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan declared that it had "  gone underground so we can be more productive in our struggle . The only way you will be able to contact us from now on is through the old way , word of mouth , " according to the report . The group added , according to the report : "  We are everywhere . " CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	There were 939 hate groups in 2013 , Southern Poverty Law Center says That represents a 7 % decline from 2012 Trend among Ku Klux Klan is leaving the Internet
CNN  -- Asafa Powell , the last man to hold the 100m world record prior to his compatriot Usain Bolt , admitted to a Jamaican disciplinary hearing on Tuesday that he had a hazy knowledge of the World Anti-Doping Agency 's list of banned products The 31-year-old was testifying to the Jamaican Anti-Doping Commission  JADCO  after testing positive for the prohibited stimulant oxilofrone during last June 's national championships . The oxilofrone is said to have come from a supplement called Epiphany D1 , which Powell said he had been taking on the recommendation of his physical therapist Christopher Xuereb . "  I do n't know the list but I knew of the list , " Powell said at the hearing in the Jamaican capital Kingston . "  I know there is a list we are supposed to check . " When asked whether he was acquainted with the rules of doping control , the once fastest man on the planet wistfully replied : "  I am now . " Powell , whose 100m world record mark of 9.74 seconds was beaten by Bolt in 2008 , also said that he failed to list all the supplements he was taking during the Jamaican trials because he could not recall the relevant names . "  All the supplements were new to me , so I could not remember all of them , " he explained , adding that he started taking them roughly a month before the Jamaican championships began on June 20 . Among the absentees from the list was Epiphany D1 . "  I could not remember after all the excitement at the trials , " the Jamaican said . Powell also told the hearing that he doubled the dosage of his supplements on the morning of his positive drugs test , saying he had been told by Xuereb to take two capsules of Epiphany D1 each morning for seven days before doubling the dosage the following week . "  I did n't remember to do that , " said Powell , whose hearing is expected to last at least two days . "  Chris  Xuereb  came to my room the morning of the trials and said I must remember to take four . " Powell says he was advised to take the supplements after Xuereb , who the sprinter described as a good friend , told him he should be using them ahead of his early morning training . Prior to that , the Jamaican had regularly trained without consuming anything - not even breakfast , he explained . Powell 's hearing before a three-member panel comes after his training partner Sherone Simpson , a three-time Olympic medalist , was also forced to explain her positive test for the same stimulant . Like Powell , she denies knowingly taking the banned stimulant and her case earlier this month was adjourned until February 4 . The athletes have been provisionally suspended since their failed tests , with both missing out on last year 's World Championships in Moscow . A total of five Jamaican athletes failed drugs tests at the national championships in June , prompting the entire JADCO board to resign five months later -- with criticism over a lack of testing by the body 's former executive director Renee Anne Shirley ringing in their ears . The hearing will resume on Wednesday , with agent Paul Doyle - who represents both Powell and Simpson - set to testify .	Former 100m world record holder testifies about failed test to Jamaican doping commission Asafa Powell says he could not remember the names of all the supplements he was taking Sprinter was one of five Jamaicans to test positive for a banned substance in 2013
CNN  -- Christian Sylt is the co-author of Formula Money , an annual report examining all aspects of Formula One 's finances with detailed data on teams , drivers , sponsors and races . Here , he answers key questions about F1 's financial model . Who owns F1 ? Christian Sylt : The actual Formula One Group -- the companies that own the commercial rights to F1 -- is made up of multiple companies . We are talking about 30-40 . They invest in multiple jurisdictions -- the UK , Jersey , Luxembourg , Switzerland , all over the place -- but the parent company of the group is called Delta Topco and they are based in Jersey . So , the owners of that you could say are the ultimate owners . It is 35.5 % owned by a private equity firm called CVC Capital Partners . The second biggest shareholder is an American company called Waddell and Reed -- they have got in the region of 20 % . The third biggest shareholder is the estate of Lehman Brothers -- they have somewhere in the region of 12 % . Bernie Ecclestone 's family trust has circa 10 % and Ecclestone himself has around 5 % . It 's a complicated structure . How well is F1 doing financially ? CS : F1 is incredible really . I 've never seen a company like F1 in terms of revenue generating potential . Over the past five years we 've had one/two recessions and its revenues and profits have gone up . The revenues last year were $ 1.6 billion , 2011 was definitely $ 1.5 billion . Going back to 2007/08 it was in the region of $ 1.2 billion . It 's gone up significantly . How is that money generated ? CS : Generally speaking , $ 500 million comes from the fees that promoters pay to host races and then another $ 500 million comes from the fees that broadcasters pay to screen the sport . Then you have circa $ 250 million coming from sponsorship -- trackside advertisers and series sponsors . The remaining $ 250 million is coming from things like corporate hospitality . What 's the secret of its economic success ? CS : The key driver of the growth is the fees that come from the circuits  $ 500 million  . Most of these contracts include clauses that increase the rate by up to 10 % annually . It 's a clever strategy because if you look at the secrets to F1 's success you can identify several key points . The move to Asia is one . It was n't done out of desire , it was much more out of necessity , although I 'm sure Ecclestone would say he wanted to go to these countries . Maybe he did . The F1 calendar is restricted to 20 races a year -- teams refuse to agree to more races -- which makes it difficult to exponentially increase revenues . So what Ecclestone did was take races to emerging markets . It became apparent to countries such as Singapore , Malaysia , China , India and South Korea that hosting a Formula One race is a good way to put their country on the global sporting map . F1 is the most watched sport in the world -- 500 million viewers a year -- so this is a good way to get your country seen on TV , drive tourism and make yourself look credible alongside other sporting nations . Do different races pay different fees ? CS : Bigtime . For example , Monza  Italian Grand Prix  you are talking single digits whereas Singapore you are talking in the region of $ 60 million . Malaysia pays $ 66.9 million a year . The average fee for hosting is now $ 27 million and that 's driven by these new Asian races . The bottom line with many of the Asia races is that the government will cover the fee because it 's promoting the country whereas in Europe , Germany  for example  does n't need a Formula One race to promote itself . How much of F1 profits go to the teams ? CS : Essentially , 47.5 % of the profits are split between all of the teams . That is what is known as the prize fund . In 2011 , profits came to $ 1.1 , 1.2 billion so 47.5 % of that amounts to around $ 400-500 million and that is shared between the top ten . It 's not shared evenly , it 's based on performance . In addition to that certain teams get additional money , with Ferrari being the key beneficiary with , as far as I know , 5 % of profits all to itself . Then there are two or three funds which are split between the best performing teams -- which generally tend to be Ferrari , McLaren and Red Bull . The top teams are given that bonus because they have the heritage and the prestige . It 's actually an incredibly clever strategy because the reality of the matter is that the majority of the other F1 teams have changed names at least once in the past five years . Caterham was Lotus , Sauber was BMW , Sauber was Spyker . Nobody stopped watching F1 because  of these name changes  , but if you get rid of Ferrari , McLaren or possibly now Red Bull that could cause trouble with the viewers . Why do Ferrari get special treatment ? CS : Ferrari is F1 's longest standing team . As far as I know it 's the only team that has competed in every year of F1 championship . But critically Ferrari is the only manufacturer-owned team that directly signs contracts with F1 giving the owners more security . How are teams further down the grid faring ? CS : There is a real risk of teams leaving F1 at the minute because they can not sustain the competition in terms of funding their outfits . There are question marks over , basically , all the teams bar Ferrari , McLaren and Red Bull . How severe those question marks are is a moot point . Marussia put in its accounts that it was speaking to new investors in 2011 and when the accounts were filed in October 2012 they had n't found any new investors . With Caterham the question mark is nothing more than the fact that they have not scored a point . Their owners have invested more money than any team in the history of any team in F1 to score no points . There were rumors this year that Sauber was looking to sell up before the recent Russian investment . Red Bull 's junior team Toro Rosso was put on the market  in 2008  and taken off the market because there were no bidders . How long is Red Bull going to continue funding that team when it is nowhere near as successful as the other ? How is sponsorship evolving ? CS : What 's increasingly happening is that sponsorship deals are being done with F1 owners . You have Rolex and Emirates in the last three/four months alone doing gigantic deals to sponsor F1 . What you get as a F1 sponsor is numerous things . You get packages of trackside advertising around the circuit . Those are probably some of the best value sponsorships in the whole of sport . What sponsoring F1 offers over sponsoring a team is guaranteed exposure . If you 're a team , you could crash out , do badly . Take a look at McLaren which is doing far worse this year than it did last . It 's harder to build a case to invest in a team than it is to invest in F1 . The fact is that F1 can grow , but it 's very difficult for a team to expand . The bulk of a team 's revenue comes from sponsorship . Teams exist to try and win races . F1 objective is to make profits . There is big difference between them . Where can we expect to see F1 races in the future ? CS : Thailand is on the cards . Russia is a fact -- they are going  to Sochi  in 2014 . Beyond that , there are so many countries knocking on the door . Hong Kong , South Africa , more races in North America -- Las Vegas is a strong possibility . Remarkably , Greece wants to host a race , but I do n't think that will ever happen . What 's your overall assessment of F1 's finances ? CS : The F1 Group is in better health than it ever has been . The  share  float  on the Singapore stock exchange  is pending . CVC  Capital Partners  are saying over the next 12 months pending clarity of Bernie Ecclestone 's situation in Germany  the F1 boss was recently indicted by a German judge investigating allegations of bribery in the wake of the conviction of banker Gerhard Gribkowsky  . Beyond that , it 's a matter of timing . There are question marks over the majority of the teams but provided they stay afloat it does n't really matter what guise they race under . Could another team drop ? Yes . Ecclestone has said himself that 10 teams would be OK .	Formula One Group has more than doubled revenues over past decade Over $ 1.5 billion was generated in 2011 with revenues expected to rise further Fees charged to promoters of Asia races and TV rights money has been key to rapid growth Top teams  Ferrari , McLaren and Red Bull  in good financial health but smaller teams struggling
Paris  CNN  "  Thank you , " said the man . I was standing outside of the offices of Charlie Hebdo covering the aftermath of the terrorist attacks for CNN . He was thanking me just for being here , just for covering the event and its aftermath , what Le Monde referred to as France 's September 11 . And his appreciation was echoed by French citizen after French citizen . The rally Sunday for unity drew 1.5 million people in Paris and more than twice that nationwide ; it was like nothing I 've ever seen or covered . Our nation 's oldest ally stood firm . A young Muslim Frenchwoman held a sign saying "  Je suis Juif . " A man and his son came over to me holding a sign saying "  I disapprove of what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it , " beseeching me to share their message with the American people . And world leaders were standing together amidst a procession that included Francois Hollande of France , Angela Merkel of Germany , David Cameron of Great Britain , Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority and Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , along with the leaders of Mali , Jordan and Turkey . It is no small thing for the king of Jordan , a direct descendent of the Prophet Mohammed , to march in a rally prompted by the murders of people who mocked Islam as well as of innocent Jews -- all of whom were killed by Islamic extremists . The United States , which considers itself to be the most important nation in the world , was not represented in this march -- arguably one of the most important public demonstrations in Europe in the last generation -- except by U.S. Ambassador Jane Hartley , who may have been a few rows back . I did n't see her . Even Russia sent Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . I say this as an American -- not as a journalist , not as a representative of CNN -- but as an American : I was ashamed . I certainly understand the security concerns when it comes to sending President Barack Obama , though I ca n't imagine they 're necessarily any greater than sending the lineup of other world leaders , especially in aggregate . But I find it hard to believe that collectively President Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State John Kerry , Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Attorney General Eric Holder -- who was actually in France that day for a conference on counterterrorism -- just had no time in their schedules on Sunday . Holder had time to do the Sunday shows via satellite but not to show the world that he stood with the people of France ? There was higher-level Obama administration representation on this season 's episodes of "  The Good Wife " on CBS . I get that the President visited the French Embassy in Washington and that Secretary of State John Kerry spoke in French , and I certainly understand that the American commitment to security in Europe rivals no other . But with all due respect , those are politicians spending money that they did n't earn and sending troops whom they do n't know . And this is not just a matter of the current occupant of the White House . I find it hard to believe that Speaker of the House John Boehner and new Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had more worthy pursuits on Sunday than standing side-by-side with our French brothers and sisters as they came together in an inspirational way . After September 11 , the first world leader to visit the United States was France 's Jacques Chirac , though the most forceful conversation about France in Congress that I can recall came a few years later during debate over whether to invade Iraq and revolved around renaming pommes frites in the U.S. House cafeteria . And I 'm frankly floored that not one of the people who is contemplating running for president in 2016 has yet to even tweet on the subject of the momentous demonstration in Paris , much less attend France 's biggest rally in the history of the republic . I imagine that Hillary Clinton and her husband are kicking themselves for not hopping on a corporate jet to get here . Can you picture Hillary and Bill walking in the front row , arm-in-arm with Netanyahu and Hollande ? Chris Christie , Scott Walker and Paul Ryan attended the Green Bay-Dallas football game Sunday and at least one of them sent his potential rivals mischievous tweets as if they were contemplating running for president of Beta Theta Pi . And Jeb ? Mitt ? Crickets . Why ? I hope it 's not American arrogance , a belief that everyone should express shock when something bad happens to us but that our presence at an international rally is worth less than a ticket to the Green Bay game when the victims speak in accents we do n't understand . I suppose there 's always the risk that coming to an event like this as an American leader and getting stuck in the third row could be embarrassing or could lead to accusations that you 're trying to capitalize on a tragedy . But that 's not how it would have been interpreted in France . People here are happy that Americans care . They 're eager and appreciative of any evidence of that . And I know it exists -- although American Twitter seemed much more focused on the Golden Globes than anything else Sunday night . I only wish our leaders had done a better job of showing solidarity with the passion for the freedoms exemplified by the rally .	Jake Tapper : American leaders were conspicuously absent from historic Paris rally The French are eager to see signs of U.S. support after terrorist attacks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Negative attacks are as American as apple pie . Since the early days of the republic , candidates attacked with a vigor that contemporary strategists would admire . In the 1800 presidential election , for example , Thomas Jefferson and John Adams criticized one another with a stunning ferocity on everything from foreign and domestic policy to private character and personal behavior . Later campaigns were n't much better . Critics of Andrew Jackson in 1836 accused him of murdering Indians . In 1884 , Grover Cleveland was ridiculed for fathering an illegitimate child . William Jennings Bryan was characterized as a dangerous radical in 1896 who would ruin the economy . Despite these historical precedents , the 2008 campaign has reached all-time lows in the use of misleading and inaccurate political appeals . Even Karl Rove , the architect of negative ads in previous campaigns , has complained about the tenor of this year 's campaign . John McCain broadcast an ad taking Barack Obama 's words out of context and suggesting Democrats were trying to compare GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin to a pig . The McCain campaign ran another spot erroneously claiming Obama favored comprehensive sex education for kindergarteners . Democrats have not been above reproach either . After McCain secured the GOP nomination this spring , outside groups falsely claimed the Republican supported a 1,000-year war in Iraq and therefore was not worthy of the presidency . These misleading appeals suggest voters must remain vigilant about candidate , party , and group claims . Generally , the most misleading commercials have come from independent groups uncoordinated with the candidates . These organizations feel free to run emotional and inaccurate content designed to play on voter 's fears and anxieties . Some of the worst ads in recent memory , such as the Willie Horton ad in 1988 , have been broadcast by these kinds of groups . In past years , the only upside of attack ads was that they generally contained more issue content than other types of ads . Since reporters police campaign appeals , the ads generally stick to the issues and rely on factually-accurate information . Ad sponsors and candidates realize they will be held accountable for unfair ad content . However , commercials run this year represent a break with this general pattern . Attack ads broadcast in recent months have twisted the truth , lied about personal background , taken statements out of context , and clearly sought to manipulate voter sentiments . Most worrisome from a factual standpoint is McCain 's claim that Obama will raise taxes on the middle class . Although Obama has pledged to increase income taxes on those earning more than $ 250,000 , he has been careful not to make proposals that would raise taxes on the middle class for fear of being labeled a tax-and-spend liberal . McCain 's tax claims have been condemned by leading editorial boards and surely will attract considerable attention in upcoming debates . With all the factual inaccuracies that have taken place , voters need to protect themselves from efforts at political manipulation . Non-partisan Web sites such as www.factcheck.org represent one source of unbiased information . They analyze ads and compile factual information in support of or in opposition to ad claims . Other trustworthy fact-checkers include ad watches and reality checks run by leading news organizations . These features dissect candidate claims in regard to accuracy , strategy , and impact . But the best thing for voters to do is to watch the candidate debates and judge for themselves . Study the statements and the factual bases of policy claims . Pay attention to how the candidates speak and what they say . Find out what non-partisan groups think and see what they have to say regarding the major issues . By the time the campaign is over , the presidential candidates are expected to have spent 55 percent of their overall budget on ads . Strategists put together spots very carefully and pre-test major messages on small groups of voters . Most of this money will be devoted to television spots . But increasingly amounts are being targeted on radio , direct mail , and Internet appeals . In the end , voters are going to have to decipher competing charges and counter-charges amid considerable noise from all sides . The 2008 election is unusual in having so many big issues on the agenda : the economy , the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , health care , taxes , immigration , education and climate change . It is an election that truly matters because of the stark differences between the parties and the closeness of the campaign . Voters need to pay serious attention to the facts in order to make a wise choice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Darrell West : Negative attacks have long history in U.S. politics This year 's ads have hit new lows for distorting the truth , West says Ads against McCain and Obama have twisted their words , he says West : Voters should use fact-checking resources in media and on the Web
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A man who Los Angeles police believe raped and murdered dozens of women decades ago was arrested by cold case investigators this month after a computer matched his DNA to evidence from two killings in the 1970s . John Floyd Thomas Jr. may have begun his killings as far back as 1955 . John Floyd Thomas Jr. , 72 , may have begun his killings as far back as 1955 and he could be one of the worst serial killers in United States history , according to Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton . "  We have yet to reach the depths of what he has done , " Bratton said Thursday . Until his April 2 arrest , Thomas was a Los Angeles insurance adjuster . Police now call him the "  Southland Strangler " -- named for the geographical section of Los Angeles County where they suspect he killed at least 30 women and raped many more . Thomas , who sits in a Los Angeles jail , has been charged with two killings -- in 1972 and 1976 -- but prosecutors will likely add more cases when he faces arraignment on May 20 , Bratton said . While Thomas was arrested "  a number of times between 1955 and 1978 " for sex crimes and burglaries , detectives did not have the technology to identify him as a suspect when the region was terrorized by a series of killings then blamed on the "  Westside Rapist , " Bratton said . Watch why the suspect may be L.A. 's most prolific serial killer " Officials , using new computer databases and software , are now "  looking to see what the patterns were , " said Los Angeles Police Deputy Chief Charlie Beck . "  A lot of work has yet to be done , " Beck said . Bob Kistner had just begun his law enforcement career in 1976 when his great aunt , 80-year-old Maybelle Hudson , was beaten , raped and strangled in the garage of her Inglewood , California , home . He had just retired as a sergeant with the Long Beach , California , Police Department when he got the call recently that investigators linked Thomas to her murder . "  I waited my entire career for that phone call , " Kistner said . It was a routine call to Thomas from an LAPD officer last fall that led to the break in the case . Thomas , a registered sex offender , is required by California law to provide a DNA sample for inclusion in the state 's database . Because of a backlog of cases , Thomas was not asked until October to report to a patrol station to have the inside of his cheek swabbed . "  He was very cooperative , " the patrolman who took the sample said . The California Department of Justice called LAPD cold case detectives on March 27 to tell them the DNA came up as a match to rape kit evidence collected from Ethel Sokoloff , who was 68 in 1972 when she was found beaten and strangled in her Los Angeles home . Those detectives had sent the biological evidence from the Sokoloff case to a state lab in 2002 as part of their review of about 6,000 unsolved murders in Los Angeles that happened between 1960 and 1996 . DNA analysis in 2004 concluded that Sokoloff 's killer also beat , raped and killed Elizabeth McKeown , 67 , in 1976 , Beck said . The murders of three other older women -- including Maybelle Hudson -- were also linked by DNA to a common killer , he said . "  Because of Thomas 's criminal background , the close proximity of his homes to murder locations , similar victim descriptions -LSB- white elderly females -RSB- and other evidence that suggests the type of modus operandi used by the suspect , detectives strongly believe Thomas is very likely the suspect in ` The Westside Rapist ' cases , " a police statement said . Thomas is single , although he has been married five times , police said . While he served about 12 years in prison between 1955 and the late 1970s for his previous convictions , he has no record since his last arrest in 1978 , police said . Deputy Chief Beck said the growing use of DNA databases and computers to match them to crime evidence will likely lead to more cold case killers being identified .	Police say John Thomas Jr. may have begun killing as far back as 1955 Thomas arrested April 2 and is charged with killing two women 72-year-old could be linked to dozens of other killings and assaults
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- I pitied the other tourists at the car rental lot at the Los Angeles airport : The sight of two Englishmen in their mid-30s sinking uncertainly into a white Mustang convertible is not pleasant . The car was not a natural fit for us . It was very low to the ground and had a mystifying set of buttons . This meant 20 minutes of painstaking trial and error as we grappled with how to work the roof , as if trying to break the Enigma code . But as alien as the muscle car was , it was vital to this trip to California , which was essentially to reclaim lost youth in an early midlife crisis . My companion and I had lived in Los Angeles after leaving university and were curious to see how it had changed . We then planned to drive along the coast to San Francisco , taking in some of California 's wine-growing regions . This invited unkind comparisons to the movie "  Sideways , " which sees aging college friends on a road trip drinking wine and navigating disaster . L.A. has some features that can deter tourists : It lacks a natural focal point , is dominated by roadways and has an abundance of depressing motels and fast-food joints . It also has Venice , a pocket of urban bohemia that has acted as a cultural center for decades . Developed in 1905 by tobacco millionaire Abbot Kinney , the area derives its name from the canals built to drain off the marshland . It was conceived as a family beach resort but fell into neglect . As real estate prices dropped , the area began to attract an eclectic mix of people . This instilled that bohemian DNA into Venice , which served as a rallying point for the Beat generation in the 1950s and remains an important artistic center . 10 top road trip apps Much of Venice has hardly changed . The chaotic beachfront boardwalk is alive and well : Tattoo artists , head shops and fortune-tellers hawk their wares to a stream of human traffic , even in winter . We stayed in a free-wheeling art deco style hotel that looked like it had not changed in 40 years . Elsewhere , there are signs of inevitable gentrification . The memory of Venice 's developer is preserved in Abbot Kinney Boulevard , a mile-long artery and focal point for residents and local businesses . I walked down the palm-lined street every day when I lived in Venice and always enjoyed its offbeat charm . It was a relief to see the hipsterish local coffee bar Abbot 's Habit was still dosing the population and exhibiting local art . But around it , stylish galleries , boutiques and swanky condos now give the road a feeling of imposing wealth , resembling New York 's Chelsea district -- certainly the chic end of Boho-chic . The neighborhood has become safer and cleaner , said Joshua Woollen , owner of Urbanic Paper Boutique . Gang-related activity has dropped , and "  what you have now are some of the most influential , creative , progressive and cutting-edge people living within a couple mile radius in one small beach community , " Woollen said . "  When my wife and I first moved to Venice over 13 years ago , Abbot Kinney felt like a ghost town , " he said . Perhaps the most dramatic change was seeing the property where I once lived in harder times . Once a teeming human zoo of chancers and borderline personalities , the three houses have been divided and sold . The rough neighborhood is now transformed into a quiet and sunny residential street . I would happily move back . Feeling considerably older already , we began the "  Sideways " leg of the journey . Channeling the film , the car 's top was lowered and we took off along the ravishing Pacific Coast Highway . Hugging California 's coastline for 655 miles , the road offers the serenity and endless vastness of the Pacific Ocean as a backdrop . The terrain changes as you head north , taking in plains , craggy headlands and lush green hills that tumble down into the sea . All our heightened expectations were met and rewarded . An hour after leaving Los Angeles , we reached Santa Barbara County . Long overshadowed by the Napa region farther north , Santa Barbara was put on the wine tourist 's map by the release of the Oscar-winning film in 2004 . Its influence was immediate . "  Its timing created a tsunami of interest , " says Jim Fiolek of the Santa Barbara Vintners Association . "  Recognition in not only Santa Barbara County , but wine in general , more specifically , Pinot Noir , which flourishes in Santa Barbara . " With mountain ranges running horizontally across the county , Santa Barbara channels ocean air into its valleys and has a cool climate . This geographical oddity makes it a natural home for Pinot Noir grapes , which can ripen too early in warmer temperatures . As one "  Sideways " character explains in loving tones : "  It 's not a survivor like Cabernet , which can just grow anywhere and uh , thrive even when it 's neglected . No , Pinot needs constant care and attention . You know ? And in fact it can only grow in these really specific , little , tucked-away corners of the world . " At first , the region struggled to cope with the surge in interest generated by the film : Tasting rooms were hastily built on vineyards , leading to a jump in sales . By 2008 , wine makers were selling directly to customers some eight times as much as they were selling in 2000 . Santa Barbara is a natural target for a day trip from Los Angeles and has the inevitable "  Sideways " tour guide for visitors , which generated geekish excitement . We took in a few gems : The Day 's Inn motel boasting a looming windmill and mock Tudor facade ; Ostrich World , which gives you the bizarre opportunity of feeding hungry flocks ; and a vineyard which features in one memorable scene . I am far from an oracle on wine , but it 's not hard to enjoy the distinctly civilized process of tasting . Visitors to Kalyra Winery gather at a bar featured in the movie and pay $ 10 to taste eight wines . They can be a mix of red and white and each measure gives the drinker several sips . At the vineyard , we sampled Grenache , Pinot and a blend of Shiraz , Merlot and Cab Franc . Tastings are also an inducement to buy bottles , which start at around $ 15 and provide estates with their main source of profit . Our final destination was on a grander scale altogether : the Napa and Sonoma valleys north of San Francisco . Here , you get the idea of a real industry geared around global exports as much as local sales . There are some 400 wineries in the region , so the visitor can feel overwhelmed on first arrival . We opted to plan our itinerary on the discerning basis of which vineyards offered two-for-one tasting deals . Most tourists are not averse to sampling wine in the morning , and our first stop took us to Buena Vista , which claims to be the oldest winery in the region . Revealingly , it has been recently taken over by a French brand . The scenery around the valleys is reliably lovely year-round . In fall , the countryside turns a languid golden color , with neatly ordered rows of vineyards set off by the surrounding hills . Driving slowly in the late autumn sun was almost a religious obligation , despite the ensuing tailbacks . On my return flight , I resolved to plan a series of similar midlife crises for years to come .	Two Englishmen in their thirties hit the road in a Mustang convertible The pair are exploring California wine country a la "  Sideways " The trip spans the countryside and coast from Los Angeles to San Francisco
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- A Texas legislative committee approved a measure Thursday that would place broad new restrictions on abortions in the state , paving the way for the contentious legislation to become law . House Bill 2 cleared the Senate Health and Human Services Committee on a 6-3 vote . The bill will move to the full Senate floor Friday afternoon in the second attempt to pass the legislation in the Senate . The bill originally failed to pass during the previous special session because of a filibuster from Democratic Sen. Wendy Davis . Rick Santorum , the former U.S. senator and presidential candidate , joined Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst and Republican members of the Texas House and Senate on Thursday to voice support for the bill and disdain for Davis and those who would seek to block the legislation . At a news conference , he blamed the media for lionizing Davis and accused the senator of being out of the American mainstream . "  Look at what she was defending . She was saying that women should n't have sanitary conditions when receiving an abortion , she was defending that children who would otherwise be born alive should n't have the right to be born alive . " He went on to say , "  This is an important moment for everyone to recognize where the abortion debate really is in America . " For Santorum and other stalwarts of the anti-abortion movement , what 's happening in Texas will reverberate around the country . The measure seeks to ban abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandate abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers , tighten usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and require doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing abortion services . Critics of the measure say it would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas -- denying access to many in rural communities -- and force women to seek dangerous back-alley abortions . The Republican legislators who support it say the bill is n't about banning abortions , but rather about protecting women 's health . For them , it is about preventing situations like what occurred at an abortion clinic in Philadelphia , in a case in which Kermit Gosnell was sentenced to life with no parole for killing babies . However , Pastor Rick Scarborough , of Vision America , who was asked to provide opening remarks for the news conference , offered a much more succinct end goal : "  This is a small , important step toward the beginning of the end of abortion in America . "	A Texas Senate committee approves a house bill that restricts abortion The bill will move to the full Senate floor Friday afternoon A Democratic senator 's filibuster killed the bill in a previous special session
CNN  -- British officials , citing worries that singer Chris Brown might pose a danger to British citizens , barred him from entering the United Kingdom for concerts this week , a UK border official said . Brown pleaded guilty last year to a felony charge of assaulting his then-girlfriend , pop star Rihanna . "  We reserve the right to refuse entry to the UK to anyone guilty of a serious criminal offense , " said Barbara Woodward , director of the UK border agency 's international group . "  Public safety is one of our primary concerns . " The 21-year-old R&B singer was scheduled to perform Wednesday night in Glasgow , Scotland , with shows in three English cities -- Manchester , Birmingham and London -- scheduled for Thursday , Friday and Sunday , according to his official website . He was then scheduled to perform in Cork , Ireland next Tuesday . A publicist for Brown 's UK tour said the shows in England , Scotland and Ireland were canceled "  due to issues surrounding his work visa . " Brown vented in Twitter messages posted online to his fans late Monday : "  U ever feel like the storm clouds are too thick for any sunshine to get through ? " "  think ima go away !!!! " Brown was sentenced last August to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " for the assault conviction . A British Home Office official told CNN that "  because of his felony charge , it might not be a very good idea " to allow Brown into the country . The official asked not to be quoted by name because he was not authorized to speak to the media about the matter .	NEW : Publicist says shows cancelled over "  work visa " issues British officials say singer could pose a danger to UK citizens He pleaded guilty last year to felony assault on his then-girlfriend , Rihanna Singer vents in Twitter messages ; one post says "  think ima go away !!!! "
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova faces a showdown with seven-time grand slam champion Venus Williams at the Australian Open after producing another star showing . The world No. 2 , who won her opening match 6-0 , 6-0 , repeated the feat as she swept aside Japan 's Misaki Doi . Sharapova is the first female player to record "  double bagel " wins at a grand slam since Wendy Turnbull in Australia in 1985 . Sharapova takes on Australian boys But that will count for little when the 2008 champion goes up against Williams in what promises to be a hard-fought affair . "  There are certainly no secrets coming into that match-up , " Sharapova told reporters of the clash against Williams . "  We 've played against each other many times . You know , despite the fact that she might not be seeded high or did n't play for a little bit , she 's still a very experienced player and a tremendous athlete . I hope for it to be a great match . " Defiant Serena vows to overcome injury after Australian Open scare Williams , whose last grand slam title came at Wimbledon in 2008 , booked her place in the third round with a comfortable 6-3 6-3 win over Alize Cornet on Rod Laver Arena . The 32-year-old has been battling injury and illness over the past two years but clawed her way back to 26th in the world rankings following her 44th career title in Luxembourg . And while Sharapova leads the pair 's head-to-head record 4-3 , Williams is confident she can prevail despite her opponent 's impressive start to the tournament . "  There 's going to be days when you play great and win , and there 's going to be days when you play not as great and you win , " she said . "  Whatever day that is , you have to win . It 's not about for me I have to play perfect every match . I do n't have that mentality . " "  I know I 'm not the highest seed , so I realize I 'm probably going to have to play someone and someone is going to have to play me . That 's pretty much what it is . "  I do n't focus on the best game . I focus on just trying to play my best , no matter if it 's the best game or not the best game . " Baker suffers fresh injury woe in Melbourne Elsewhere , home favourite Sam Stosur crashed out after throwing away a 5-2 lead in the final set before losing 6-4 1-6 7-5 to China 's Zheng Jie . The 2011 U.S. Open champion bemoaned her own mental state at crucial points in the match . "  I think it 's a hundred percent , " she told reporters when asked if the problem was psychological . "  I think , yeah , that 's what it was . I got tight and then you start missing some balls . "  You probably think a little bit too much . You do it over and over and over again , and then , yeah , you start not wanting to miss rather than wanting to , you know , make the winner . " Fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska eased past Irina-Camelia Begu , while there were also wins for German fifth seed Angelique Kerber and China 's sixth seed Li Na .	Maria Sharapova to face Venus Williams in third round of Australian Open Sharapova claimed second consecutive double bagel victory Williams defeats France 's Alize Cornet 6-3 6-3 to progress to next stage Wins for Agnieszka Radwanska , Angelique Kerber and Li Na
Ashkelon , Israel  CNN  -- On Monday morning , the sirens went off in Ashkelon , warning of an incoming rocket from Gaza . I was asleep and in that foggy state of mind made the mental calculation not to get out of bed and seek shelter , despite the blaring red alert . This happens so often on Israel 's side of the Gaza border that sirens are just another part of your day and it 's easy to become complacent . Seconds later , a distant boom . I 've only been here for little more than a week , but I 'm already falling into this strange routine . The beach in front of my hotel here is gorgeous : Blue water , kids playing in the surf while their parents soak up the sun . In the quiet moments , it 's hard to believe there 's a war going on less than a 20-minute drive away . But then another siren will go off . Some people quickly walk to shelters . Others ignore it . Most rockets fall into open areas or get intercepted by Israel 's Iron Dome anti-missile system . The rockets from Gaza are wildly inaccurate , but the rare direct hit can be deadly . When I talk to residents , they often try to describe this distant but constant threat , more psychological than physical . Being driven to madness by rocket fire is a common problem here . Inside a Hamas tunnel Support for the Israeli operation Few believe any form of negotiation will work , and nobody is shy about telling you what they think . Many not only believe the Gaza offensive is justified but want the Israel Defense Forces to escalate the operation , to demolish Hamas and its rockets once and for all . Two recent polls in Israel showed more than 80 % of respondents rejected a cease-fire as long as rocket attacks continued and the tunnel network in Gaza remained , even while supporting the continuation of Operation Protective Edge until Hamas is overthrown . On the roads , blue and white banners flap their support for IDF soldiers . Tour buses of civilians come to hand out ice cream and care packages to resting soldiers , stuffed with socks and underwear , favorite snacks and sweets . Chabad caravans are parked alongside the highway to offer spiritual support . One man at a gas station offered me this unsolicited metaphor on dealing with Gaza and Hamas : "  When your child is young , you can beat him when he does something wrong . But when he is older , then it 's too late . Beating him will do nothing . You must do more . " I was left wondering what "  more " could be and whether violence could end the threat forever . Every day , the casualty count in Gaza rises . It 's now more than 1,000 dead and thousands more wounded . The vast majority are Palestinian civilians caught in the relentless shelling of their neighborhoods . People here are aware of the pain and suffering the Israeli military has inflicted . Most I spoke to do n't take any joy in it . There is , instead , a grim determination to get the job done , however brutal . One kibbutz member told us he had been hoping to host a family exchange , allowing members of a Palestinian family in Gaza to live in an Israeli home for a while , to start a dialogue . But then the war happened . A group of Hamas militants managed to burrow under the border and infiltrate only a few hundred meters from his home . An IDF patrol engaged the militants , killing most of them , but he and his wife spent that night in their safe room , listening to the deafening sounds of battle outside . He still wants dialogue but , unsurprisingly , only after the IDF has dismantled the tunnel network that came so close to his home . Big reminders of war During the day , we drive down the 232 border highway and see a country mobilized for war . Merkava tanks kick up dust rumbling alongside the road . Armored personnel carriers are transported by trucks . Giant armored bulldozers wait for orders . Usually , we get off the highway and drive through the sunflower and melon fields to catch sight of a military unit or artillery position . Last week , we happened upon a unit nestled in a green orange grove , just a few hundred meters from the Gaza border . They had just pulled out of Gaza . Our cameraman shot video of the tanks returning from the border and the troops relaxing in the setting sun . It was strangely peaceful . Overhead , planes and helicopters dropped flares and we counted the booming pattern of artillery fire and wondered where the shells were falling on the other side . The soldiers next to us did not look victorious in any way . They just looked exhausted and dusty . More than 40 Israeli soldiers have been killed so far . This is the biggest loss the Israeli military has suffered since its 2006 war in Lebanon . But it has not diminished the appetite for war and may even strengthen Israel 's resolve . I was struck by how one military family , whose eldest son was killed in an ambush in Gaza , spoke through their grief to describe the righteousness of their cause , a conviction that blends fervent nationalism and religious devotion . "  The Jewish people are the most moral people . Those people on the other side are the ones without morals , " the father told me . And when I asked about the possibility of peace , he just laughed : "  Who are you going to make peace with ? Hamas ? We gave Gaza back to them 10 years ago . And who is sitting there now ? Not the good people . Not good Palestinians . " ` We came here to see it with our own eyes ' In the evenings , we set up our live shot location near the Gaza border to see the skies light up with flares and feel the ground shake with the sound of outgoing artillery . We are n't the only ones . Plenty of residents from nearby towns come to watch : Teenage girls in summer dresses . Men with barbeques and shisha pipes . Professional journalists and amateur photographers with cameras and microphones in hand . Sometimes the crowd is rowdy , angry . One night , a group of men cheered the bombing on , whooping whenever a shell landed . They were not fans of CNN . And when they found out who we were , they threatened our engineer and grabbed our camera . But that 's not always the case . One night , a group of Bedouin Arabs watched the surreal light show next to a group of former and serving soldiers . The mood was somber , subdued . The soldiers did not want to talk . They watched the scene with grim intent . "  We came here to see it with our own eyes , " explains one of the Bedouin men , "  They are our brothers , Arabs like us . It hurts us to know that they suffer like this , especially during Ramadan . " Monday is actually the end of Ramadan , leading to Eid al-Fitr . And when I got up Monday morning , after the siren sounded , there was a faint hope of de-escalation on this holiday . Overnight , the rocket attacks had subsided somewhat and there was only the occasional IDF strike . By late afternoon , the lull in fighting had disappeared : A rocket barrage from Gaza , then Israeli airstrikes . And even as I type this , another siren blares and I can see the children on the beach flatten themselves in the sand or sprint for shelter . The boom sounds in the distance . And , then , life here resumes as normal as can be under the circumstances . But somewhere in Gaza , the military 's response is swift and devastating and I can not help but wonder how many more will die today . War knows no holiday .	In Ashkelon , rocket attack sirens go off so often , the sound is just another part of the day Few in the city say negotiation will work , and many think the Gaza offensive is justified In the evenings , residents gather near the Gaza border to see flares , feel outgoing artillery
CNN  -- When Jupp Heynckes made his debut in the Bundesliga as a player back in 1965 , the name of Bayern Munich was a new one for the nascent German soccer league . Now as coach of the country 's most successful team , he has reached a significant milestone in what will be his final season in charge . On Saturday the 67-year-old became only the second man to rack up 1,000 Bundesliga appearances as both player and coach as Bayern took another step towards a 23rd national title with a 6-1 thrashing of Werder Bremen in front of 71,000 fans at Allianz Arena . It was Heynckes ' 631st Bundesliga game as a head coach , coming 48 years after he played his first match for hometown club Borussia Monchengladbach on the day that Bayern made a Bundesliga bow against city rival 1860 Munich . "  It 's an imposing total , " said Heynckes , who is behind only former Greece coach Otto Rehgal 's 1,033 Bundesliga matches -- 201 of which were as a player . Heynckes is on course for a treble of trophies , with Bayern poised to reach the quarterfinals of the Champions League after the 3-1 midweek win at Arsenal , having suffered an agonizing penalty shootout defeat by Chelsea in last season 's title match despite home advantage . He rested six key players ahead of Wednesday 's German Cup clash with two-time defending Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund , but still had too much firepower as Bremen had a man sent off at 2-0 down and never recovered . Mario Gomez netted twice in the second half to reach his 100th goal in a red shirt , having earlier forced Czech international Gebre Selassie into diverting a cross into his own net . Before that the Germany striker was brought down by Sebastian Prodl as Bremen went to the interval a man down . Javi Martinez , Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery were also on the scoresheet . "  After making those six changes , we needed 20 minutes to find our rhythm , " said Heynckes , who will step down at the end of this season and be replaced by former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola . "  Those players who came in justified my confidence in them . The game on Wednesday will be a real cup battle . " However , he was annoyed that Bayern conceded in the league for the first time since the December 14 draw with Monchengladbach . "  We saw some nice goals out there , but we did n't reckon with conceding one . " Second-placed Dortmund will seek to cut the 18-point deficit at Gladbach on Sunday , when third-placed Bayer Leverkusen travel to bottom team Greuther Furth . In Saturday 's other games , sixth-placed Hamburg crashed 5-1 at fellow European hopefuls Hanover , while Schalke followed up the midweek Champions League draw against Galatasaray by beating Fortuna Dusseldorf as Cameroon defender Joel Matip scored twice . Mainz drew 1-1 with fourth-bottom Wolfsburg , while Augsburg pushed Hoffenheim down to second from the foot of the table with a 2-1 win .	Bayern Munich boss becomes second man to reach 1,000 Bundesliga games Jupp Heynckes ' celebrates with 6-1 victory over Werder Bremen in front of home fans Win puts Bayern 18 points clear at the top of the German league table with 11 games to go Heynckes rests key players ahead of cup clash with second-placed champions Dortmund
CNN  -- Coming out of the closets of our culture seems to be the thing to do these days , but it is not a new phenomenon . In the inaugural issue of Ms. magazine in 1972 , dozens of American women signed a statement declaring "  We Have Had Abortions , " even though abortion was still mostly illegal in the United States . Celebrity names dotted the listâ $ " Gloria Steinem , Nora Ephron , Lillian Hellman and Billie Jean King among them . This consciousness-raising maneuver played a key role in changing public attitudes toward abortion . It contributed to what legal scholars Linda Greenhouse and Reva Siegel call the "  successive waves of arguments " that "  prompted growing public support for liberalizing access to abortion . " A year later , the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision decriminalized most abortions . In 1978 , former first lady Betty Ford entered the Long Beach Naval Hospital 's Drug and Rehabilitation Service , and publicly admitted her own alcohol and drug dependency . In 1982 , she became founding director of the Betty Ford Center for the treatment of drug and alcohol abuse . While many remained silent , celebrities Liza Minnelli , Elizabeth Taylor and Ali MacGraw all chose to openly share their experience at the center . At a 1991 press conference , NBA megastar Magic Johnson announced that he had tested positive for HIV . He retired from basketball and subsequently served as a public voice for HIV-AIDS education , prevention and anti-discrimination efforts . Opinion : Jolie 's choice carries risks along with benefits Last month , NBA player Jason Collins announced that he is gay . While he justly deserves praise for an action that puts him among the first active American athletes in any of the four major professional team sports to publicly so identify , it has also been widely noted that he is far from early or alone in the coming out ranks of major athletes . Celebrity names already dot that list too -- Greg Louganis , Martina Navratilova , Sheryl Swoopes and former NFL player Wade Davis among them . Tuesday , Angelina Jolie made public the fact that she elected to undergo a double mastectomy , at the age of 37 . This was her attempt to lower her risk of breast cancer , given the fact that she carries "  the breast cancer gene . " She hopes to encourage other women to consider the potentially life-saving procedure for themselves . No doubt , other women will now come forward . A new list of celebrity names will coalesce . What is particularly remarkable about the public statement made by Angelina Jolie is that she is a young , beautiful , sex symbol . She risks her career by changing her image in this way . To medicalize her breasts in the public 's perception is potentially to de-sexualize them . The bodily care of cancer prevention is far from the glamorous dream world that Hollywood sells . Clearly , Jolie has chosen the high moral ground of trying to save lives by publicizing the procedure and stating that she feels as beautiful as ever . We should be grateful for her straightforward and courageous statement . Indeed , we should be grateful for all -- celebrities or not -- who have driven social change by publicly outing themselves . It is arguable that we might not have had as much support for abortion reform , or addiction treatment , or HIV-AIDS research , or marriage equality , without them . Destigmatizing cancer prevention surgery will happen more quickly if celebrities and others get publicly vocal about their personal health choices . Sambolin : I feel empowered , supported in cancer fight Importantly , abortion and addiction and HIV-AIDS and love are different issues from preventative mastectomy . Abortion is a difficult but fundamentally ordinary choice in an untenable situation . Addiction is a disease that is relatively well understood , even if it is still difficult to treat . HIV-AIDS is a global pandemic that is by now well known . Marriage equality is a function of health and happiness in the first place . But the phenomenon of breast cancer still eludes scientists . We still do not know how to prevent it or reliably cure it , save perhaps by surgically removing a vulnerable organ . Furthermore , it seems that a lot of our current ideas about it are not even correct . While the public receives the message that getting regular mammograms is an effective preventive strategy , it has recently been reported that such screenings turn out to be only minimally effective in lowering the morbidity of the disease . As Peggy Orenstein wrote in the New York Times , our war against cancer has been a "  feel-good war . " In fact , given the incidence of false positives , and of cancers that do not actually need to be treated , such screenings can cause harm . According to a survey of 30 years of screening published in the New England Journal of Medicine in November 2012 , as cited by Orenstein , "  mammography 's impact is decidedly mixed : it does reduce , by a small percentage , the number of women who are told they have late-stage cancer , but it is far more likely to result in over diagnosis and unnecessary treatment , including surgery , weeks of radiation and potentially toxic drugs . " When a celebrity such as Angelina Jolie makes such a generous and powerful intervention , it is right for the world to pay attention . But the list needs to grow longer , as well , of those demanding greatly increased support for primary cancer research and stricter environmental controls on the toxic substances we eat and breathe . Cancer needs a social movement demanding change . Otherwise , no matter how many celebrities and others come courageously forward , and how well the world adapts to preventive mastectomy , it will not be enough . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Wexler .	Laura Wexler : Angelina Jolie deserves credit for disclosing her preventive mastectomy She says Jolie joins tradition of celebrities whose openness has improved life in America Wexler : There 's much we do n't know about breast cancer ; a movement for change is needed
CNN  Blue Bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream originating from that plant . Public health officials warned consumers Friday not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company 's Broken Arrow , Oklahoma , plant . That includes 3-ounce servings of Blue Bell ice cream from this plant that went to institutions in containers marked with the letters O , P , Q , R , S or T behind the coding date . The warning by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention does not affect other Blue Bell ice cream , including other 3-ounce servings , not made at the plant . But Blue Bell has recalled other products . The company is shutting down the Broken Arrow facility "  out of an abundance of caution " to search for a possible cause of contamination . It is the third time Blue Bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a Kansas hospital that served the company 's ice cream . Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital . The cup contaminated with the bacteria was produced at the Broken Arrow plant in April 2014 , Blue Bell said . And , according to the CDC , listeria bacteria was found in additional samples of the same product that were recovered from the plant . The bacteria in the hospital sample and the factory sample appeared to match each other genetically , the CDC said . But they did not appear identical to listeria samples taken from patients infected in the Kansas outbreak . In a separate outbreak in Texas , the CDC did find that listeria samples taken from patients who came down with listeriosis between 2010 and 2014 in a hospital that served 3-ounce Blue Bell cups matched the listeria in recovered samples . None of this means the ice cream is the source of either spate of the infections . "  Investigation to determine whether these illnesses are related to exposure to Blue Bell products is ongoing , " the CDC said . In early March , in light of the Kansas listeria outbreak , Blue Bell recalled a group of products made at a plant in Texas . It later added 3-ounce cup servings to the recall . Five people were infected and three died in the past year in Kansas from listeria that might be linked to Blue Bell Creameries products , according to the CDC . All five of them were hospitalized at the same hospital before developing listeriosis , the CDC said . At least four of them had consumed milkshakes made with Blue Bell ice cream before developing the infection . "  We are devastated and know that Blue Bell has to be and can be better than this , " Paul Kruse , Blue Bell CEO and president , said in a statement . "  Quality and safety have always been our top priorities . We are deeply saddened and concerned for all those who have been affected . " The CDC advises that individuals and institutions should check their freezers for the recalled products and throw them away . In a statement on its website , Blue Bell said "  this recall in no way includes Blue Bell ice cream half gallons , pints , quarts , 3 gallons or other 3 oz . cups . " This has been the first product recall in the 108-year history of Blue Bell Creameries , the company said . Listeriosis is a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria , and primarily affects the elderly , pregnant women , newborns and people with weakened immune systems , according to the CDC . Symptoms of a listeria infection are fever and muscle aches , sometimes associated with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms . In the United States , an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill each year , and approximately 16 % of these illnesses result in death . Cervical infections caused by listeriosis in pregnant women may result in stillbirth or spontaneous abortion during the second or third trimesters . CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt , Amanda Watts and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	A test in Kansas finds listeria in a Blue Bell ice cream cup The company announces it is temporarily shutting a plant to check for the source Three people in Kansas have died from a listeria outbreak
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In the week since a 7.0-magnitude earthquake shattered this capital and jolted observers around the world , authorities have buried 70,000 bodies , about a third of the estimated final toll , officials said Tuesday . Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that at least 72,000 bodies had been recovered , a figure that did not include the unknown number of bodies buried by families or collected by the U.N. peacekeeping mission here . It was unclear how many of the dead had been identified prior to burial and how many of those burials occurred in mass graves . "  We know that bodies have been buried , we feel inappropriately , " said Dr. Jon Andrus , deputy director of the Pan American Health Organization . He cited lack of refrigeration as a complicating factor . "  Despite all our efforts , situations , circumstances are such that we are disappointed in many cases on how this has been managed , beyond everybody 's control , " he said . iReport : Search list of the missing and the found PAHO , which is coordinating the health-sector response , offered a preliminary estimate of 200,000 dead . At least 28 of them are Americans , the U.S. State Department announced Tuesday . Despite the growing death toll , aid workers focused Tuesday on the living . The United Nations estimated that 3 million people were in need of food , water , shelter and medical assistance . Some needed more than that -- they needed rescue . In all , 43 international rescue teams composed of 1,700 people have carried out some 90 rescues , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon told reporters . On Tuesday night , a team of New York City Fire Department and Police Department rescuers pulled two children alive from the rubble of a two-story building in the capital . The 8-year-old boy and 10-year-old girl were taken to an Israeli tent hospital . On Tuesday afternoon , Ena Zizi was rescued from rubble near the national cathedral , CNN 's Anderson Cooper reported . Her son , Maxime Janvier , told CNN that he never gave up hope that she 'd be found . "  We were praying a lot for that to happen , " he told CNN on Tuesday afternoon , about 15 minutes after he learned she 'd been rescued . Rescue crews said earlier two other survivors may be under the same pile . PAHO 's Andrus said the need for blood donors was urgent , with the lack of refrigeration complicating medical workers ' ability to store it safely . The world 's generosity continued to overwhelm the ability of the airport in Port-au-Prince to process it . The result : some badly needed aid was left sitting on the tarmac . U.S. Army Maj. Daniel Allyn , the deputy commander of the Joint Task Force Unified Response , said flights would be diverted to two alternate ports of entry within the next day or two to relieve the pressure . On an average day before the earthquake , the airport was handling 13 commercial aircraft ; in the days since , it was handling more than 200 , he said . Some flights were diverting to Santo Domingo , causing congestion issues there , too , Andrus said . Nevertheless , advances were being made . Many roads that were impassable in the initial aftermath of the quake had been cleared so that supplies could be trucked to those in need , he said . Full coverage l Twitter updates And some hospitals appeared in better shape -- surgeries resumed Tuesday at University Hospital , the country 's largest , Andrus said . In Washington , U.S. Agency for International Development Administrator Dr. Rajiv Shah told reporters Tuesday night that the U.S. response has been "  swift , aggressive and coordinated . " He cited the U.S. donations of 18 water production units providing nearly 2 million liters of drinking water per day and nearly 17 million meals as examples . The goal of the efforts , he said , "  is to make sure that the things we do collectively as an international community to support the relief effort are as sustainable as possible . " At the capital 's general hospital , doctors were working under stressful conditions in buildings located away from the main building , which has been deemed unsafe . "  We have run out of IVs and IV needles and IV fluids , " said Dr. Mark Hyman of Partners in Health . "  We 've run out of surgical supplies . We have to wash with vodka and we have to operate with hacksaws because we do n't have enough operating tools . " The military is going to help with organization and with supplies , Hyman said . "  They 're going to help us get electricity , they 're going to help us get food , they 're going to help us get tents , they 're going to help us get all the operating supplies in , " he said . The United Nations Security Council approved sending an additional 2,000 soldiers and 1,500 police officers to the country and the port is expected to reopen next week , U.N. Secretary Ban said . Fixing the port is a priority , since it is where fuel enters the country . Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez announced Sunday he will send 225,000 barrels of gasoline and diesel with arrival Thursday at a refinery in the Dominican Republic for use in Haiti . That represents nearly three weeks worth of fuel if Haiti were to continue the 11,000 barrel-per-day consumption that was typical before the earthquake . About 2,000 U.S. troops were in Haiti , and more than 5,000 were off-shore on ships , said Maj. Gen. Daniel Allyn , the deputy commander of Joint Task Force Unified Response . He said the U.S. military anticipated eventually having 10,000 troops in Haiti . "  Our primary purpose is in getting to the population , whether it be the distribution of water , food , or , in this case , where they 've got medical treatment going on and they 're overwhelmed , " Lt. Gen. P.K. Keen , head of U.S. Southern Command , told CNN . In an interview with CNN 's Amanpour , President Rene Preval applauded the progress aid workers made over the past week in restoring electricity and communication , clearing roads , erecting shelters , distributing food and re-establishing hospitals . He credited the international community for the aid . "  Without their help , it would be impossible for us to cope with the situation , " he said . High-resolution images of damage Some Haitians welcomed the arrival of U.S. forces . But one man said Haitians needed more relief supplies , not troops or guns . The United States was conducting medical operations on board a vessel off the coast , the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson . And the USS Comfort , a hospital ship , was due to arrive Wednesday , Allyn said . Outside Haiti , people have contributed more than $ 220 million to major U.S. relief groups , according to The Chronicle of Philanthropy , a newspaper covering nonprofit organizations . Dozens of Haitian children rescued from an orphanage arrived Tuesday in Pennsylvania to be placed with foster families until adoptions are finalized . Most of the children 's adoption cases were at the end of the bureaucratic process before the earthquake struck . Occasionally , frustration in Haiti has erupted into violence , as occurred Monday when hundreds of Haitians broke into a damaged store in downtown Port-au-Prince , stripping it clean . But such incidents have so far been isolated , said Alain Le Roy , the United Nations peacekeeping director . But such incidents were isolated , Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters aboard a plane to India . "  I saw one reference to that for the last 24 or 48 hours or so . There has been a lot less violence in Port-au-Prince than there was before the earthquake , " he said . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Alec Miran , Gary Tuchman and Justine Redman contributed to this report .	Woman rescued from rubble Tuesday in Port-au-Prince , seven days after quake Haitian authorities record 72,000 deaths so far U.S. troops to help get hospital operational , transport people to other hospitals People have contributed $ 220 million to charity groups for Haiti relief
CNN  -- Good news : We 're not going to war in Syria , at least not right away . Bad news : We 're headed to a battle inside Congress that will pose its own grave threat to the U.S. and world economy . The most conservative Republicans in Congress are threatening to force default on the nation 's obligations unless the president agrees to defund Obamacare . Less conservative Republicans prefer a milder version of the threat : not default , but merely shutting down the government . Either way , the country plunges into crisis -- a crisis Republicans must eventually lose , as they have lost every previous round of this same game . It 's way past time for Republicans to find a better way . These doomed all-or-nothing battles over Obamacare perversely strengthen President Obama . As Republicans exhaust themselves in grand debates , Obamacare fastens itself ever more tightly upon the country and the states . Obamacare offers large benefits to many Americans , and benefits once extended are very difficult to remove . That should have been the lesson of 2012 , and unless Republicans get wiser , it 'll be the repeat lesson of 2016 . Meanwhile , the clock is ticking . A core feature of Obama 's health plan will go into effect in bare weeks -- and all the law 's flaws continue unaddressed . The Republican challenge is to protect the country from those flaws , by concentrating on the reforms that matter most : 1  Control Obamacare 's costs ; 2  Share Obamacare 's burdens more widely . Take No. 1 first . America used to have two health care cost problems : the cost of the health care system to the total economy , and the cost of health care programs to government budgets . Those two costs were related , but distinct . One example : Before Obamacare , a proposal to raise the Medicare qualification age to 67 would have saved the government money , without changing any real economic costs . As Obamacare goes into effect , those two costs merge into one . Raise the Medicare age to 67 , and Medicare 's costs may fall -- but other program costs will rise . An increase in health care costs anywhere will flow directly into an increase in government health care spending . If Republicans want to control the cost of government , they have to change their thinking from "  cut government budgets " to "  reform health care delivery . " To date , U.S. health care markets have done a poor job of controlling health care costs . That has n't been a failure Republicans worried much about -- but they had better start , because if markets continue to fail , the alternatives will be ever more voracious health care costs or direct government control . Now problem No. 2 : burden-sharing . Obamacare purports to finance itself with taxes only on upper-income Americans . The revenues from these taxes will be inadequate just as a matter of arithmetic . Worse , this mode of finance corrodes all political incentive for cost control . Not many voters will deprive themselves of a benefit to save somebody else money . If Obamacare is to be part of America 's future -- which is how the betting must run today -- this program that claims to benefit all should be paid for by all , as Social Security and Medicare are paid for by all . Back in 2010 , Democrats desperate for Republican support would happily have accepted a broader tax mechanism . Today , of course , they have less incentive to deal . Their voters do well out of Obamacare ; the costs are borne by those Americans most likely to vote Republican . But there are revenue measures Democrats would value even more highly than they value taxes on the affluent : carbon taxes , for example . A Republican plan to tax work and investment less and to tax carbon more -- and to use such taxes to support health care costs -- would appeal to Democrats , and would unite both Democrats and Republicans in a shared commitment to health care cost control . These are real-world political tradeoffs . They are less exciting than the grand drama of repeal-or-bust . But repeal-or-bust is much more likely to produce a bust than a repeal . More productive is the challenge of reforming Obamacare so that the nation can live with its costs -- and so that all equitably shoulder their share of its burdens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : GOP effort to defund Obama 's health plan is going nowhere He says it makes more sense to focus on the key flaws of Obamacare Republicans should push to make sure the plan has cost-control features , he says He says it makes sense to broaden funding so most Americans pay for it
Bruce Willis has vanquished terrorists , basement rapists and the defenses of Cybill Shepherd . But in his three decades in Hollywood he may not have faced as daunting an opponent as Apple . According to an unconfirmed report in a British publication , Willis wants to bequeath his extensive iTunes music collection to his daughters -- something that 's not permitted under the current iTunes terms . The Daily Mail says the actor has spent thousands of dollars downloading music on to "  many , many iPods " but , like many iTunes users , was surprised to discover that in Apple 's eyes he does n't actually own the songs . The Mail , without citing any sources , says Willis is considering legal action against Apple to gain control over the music . CNN could not confirm the report Monday , and a request sent to representatives for Willis was not immediately returned . The "  Die Hard " actor 's wife , Emma Heming-Willis , cast doubt on the report when she said Monday on Twitter , "  It 's not a true story . " But the news reports , exaggerated or not , do raise potentially significant issues about ownership of digital music and whether someone could pass on digital assets to heirs . Apple 's terms and conditions for iTunes are an exhaustive , jargon-filled document that users must "  agree " to before downloading content but that many people do n't bother to read . In simplified terms , they state that when we buy music from iTunes , we are paying for the license to listen to songs via our iPhone , iPod or other Apple device . But we are not buying the music itself . "  When you buy a book , you own the copy of that book but not the actual material , " Jonathan Handel , a Los Angeles-based entertainment attorney who specializes in digital media and intellectual property , told CNN last year . "  What you are buying here is right to use music on certain devices . " If Willis did take on Apple over ownership of his iTunes collection , he might have an uphill legal battle . The iTunes terms are essentially a contract between the user and Apple , and clicking "  Agree " counts as an electronic signature , digital-media lawyers say . Nothing would stop Willis from leaving music-loaded laptops or phones to his children , although things would get more complicated if his kids tried to transfer the songs to other devices . Apple limits use of digital music to Apple gadgets used by the iTunes account holder . Apple also prohibits users from downloading songs to more than 10 devices , or burning a playlist more than seven times . Willis , 57 , has three adult daughters with ex-wife Demi Moore and a young daughter with current wife Heming . Apple did not respond Monday to a request for comment . The company 's formidable legal team last month won a $ 1 billion judgment against rival Samsung in a patent dispute . Other online music retailers , such as Amazon and Google Play , impose similar restrictions on downloads . Willis was trending on Twitter Monday , with some commenters poking fun at the issue . Wrote one Twitter user , "  I do n't know what 's more shocking Bruce Willis suing Apple ... or the fact he actually read the Terms and Conditions . "	Report : Bruce Willis wants to bequeath his iTunes music collection to his daughters Apple limits use of digital music to Apple gadgets used by the iTunes account holder A legal challenge against Apple could raise significant issues about ownership of digital music Actor 's wife , Emma Heming-Willis , cast doubt on the report Monday on Twitter
Fred Hassan is chairman of the board and CEO of Schering-Plough Corporation . Fred Hassan , chairman of the board and CEO of Schering-Plough Prior to joining Schering-Plough in April 2003 and assuming his current position , Hassan was chairman and CEO of Pharmacia Corporation . He joined the former Pharmacia & Upjohn in May 1997 as CEO and was elected to the Board of Directors . In February 2001 , Hassan was named chairman of the Board of Pharmacia , the company created through the merger of the former Monsanto and Pharmacia & Upjohn companies . Previously , Hassan was executive vice president of Wyeth , formerly known as American Home Products , responsible for its pharmaceutical and medical products business . He was elected to Wyeth 's Board of Directors in 1995 . Earlier in his career , Hassan spent 17 years with Sandoz Pharmaceuticals  now Novartis  and headed its U.S. pharmaceuticals business . Hassan received a B.S. degree in chemical engineering from the Imperial College of Science and Technology at the University of London and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School . Hassan is the past chairman of the Board of Directors of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America  PhRMA  and is the immediate past chairman of the HealthCare Institute of New Jersey . He is currently president of the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Associations . In addition , he serves on the Board of Directors of Avon Products , Inc. . www.schering-plough.com  E-mail to a friend	Hassan was the former chairman and CEO of Pharmacia Corporation He was responsible for Wyeth 's pharmaceutical and medical products business He is former chairman of HealthCare Institute of New Jersey , PhRMA board
CNN  -- If Larry Flynt has his way , Casey Anthony could reintroduce herself -- nude -- to America on the pages of Hustler magazine , and make well over $ 500,000 in the process . The pornography magnate told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " show on Thursday night that talks are ongoing that could land Anthony on the pages of his magazine , weeks after a Florida jury acquitted her of murder in her 2-year-old daughter Caylee 's death . Flynt insisted he was serious about the offer , which he said would include $ 500,000 up front plus 10 % of all profits . He said any payment that the Orlando woman might receive for interviews with media outlets would be "  chicken feed " compared to what she 'd receive by appearing in Hustler . "  If they want to get their hands on big money , they 've got to go through me , " Flynt said . Anthony 's trial in Orange County became the fixation of countless people during its seven-week run , many horrified by the girl 's death and others drawn in by the family drama . Since her release from jail early on the morning of July 17 -- after getting credit for time served for her conviction on four counts of misleading authorities -- she has remained out of the public eye . The Hustler magazine founder said that , after a jury cleared the 25-year-old woman on murder charges , he initially did not consider reaching out to her . But Flynt said his mind changed after being approached by "  droves of men " as he was touring the country promoting his new book "  One Nation Under Sex . " "  They said , ` Why have n't you made an offer ? Why do n't you want to publish her pictures ? ' " Flynt said . "  They said , ` She 's a really attractive person ' ... I 've never seen that happen before . " Asked whether the decision might be distasteful to the many who feel Anthony got away with murder , Flynt said his tour suggests to him that there was a real demand . He also claimed that a portion of any proceeds would go to charities aimed at addressing child abuse . Flynt noted , too , that he has "  never been one to shy away from controversy , " boasting on HLN about printing nude photos of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in 1975 . "  You 've got men who say hey , I want to see her in her birthday suit , " he said of the Anthony offer . "  There may be some sick individuals ... but that 's what life is all about . " Earlier this month , Playboy founder Hugh Hefner said he got a similar flood of requests from people encouraging him to try to get Anthony for his magazine . But he shot down any possibility that would happen . "  It is amazing the number of people that have tweeted me immediately afterward , asking whether or not we would do a pictorial on her , " Hefner told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  And the answer is simply no . I would n't reward someone like that for what has happened . " Mark Lippman , the attorney for the woman 's parents , George and Cindy Anthony , said he had no knowledge that his clients had talked with their daughter since her acquittal -- including about this offer . Both parents testified at her trial , with defense lawyers claiming that George Anthony helped cover up his granddaughter 's death . "  This is all news to me , " Lippman told HLN . "  And obviously , Casey is her own person , and she 's making her own decisions . "	The deal also includes 10 % of all profits , the porn entrepreneur says He says talks are ongoing with people close to Anthony , who was acquitted of murder Anthony 's camp dismisses the reported offer as "  nonsense " Flynt says there 's substantial popular demand to see Anthony nude
CNN  -- Manchester United edged closer to a record 20th English Premier League title despite having to rely on a late equalizer from Robin van Persie to rescue a draw at West Ham . The Dutch striker looked offside as he finished off from close range in a match that left both managers unhappy with the officials . Manchester City 's victory over lowly Wigan means they reduced the gap between themselves and United to 13 points but Alex Ferguson 's side can still win the title as early as Monday if results go their way . In Wednesday 's other English top flight game Chelsea won 3-0 at local rivals Fulham to move back into third place in the table and edge ahead of London rivals Arsenal and Tottenham in the battle for the European Champions League places . At Upton Park , Manchester United were put under pressure right from the start by West Ham , who took the lead after 16 when Ricardo Vaz Te nodded home after being set up by England striker Andy Carroll . United leveled on the half hour mark when Japan international Shinji Kagawa teed up Antonio Valencia to slot home from close range . Just before halftime , Carroll caught United goalkeeper David De Gea after going up for a corner -- a challenge that infuriated Ferguson , who later said it should have been a red card . West Ham retook the lead ten minutes after the break as Mohamed Diame fired a low shot into the corner past De Gea . But United rescued a point when van Persie tucked home from close range after Kagawa 's effort had hit both posts , though replays showed he had been offside from the initial shot . United can be confirmed as champions if they defeat Stoke on Monday night , but only if City lose to Tottenham the previous day . Ferguson told Sky Sports : "  We had to stand up to a lot , we kept going and twice came back . We had determination and courage to play . I was pleased with the result . "  They are very , very aggressive , you hope for a strong referee and I do n't think we got that . We do n't like losing and they showed that again tonight . Their goalkeeper saved them in the last 20 minutes . " His opposite number Sam Allardyce said : "  The linesman 's taken a famous victory away from us . To draw via a default goal from Manchester United is hard to swallow . "  They should n't make their mistakes . If players make those kind of mistakes they are dropped . Its a massive decision he 's made . I 'm bitterly disappointed . " City 's victory came courtesy of a superb late winner from Argentina striker Carlos Tevez though they were made to live through some nervy moments by Wigan , who are battling relegation . England goalkeeper Joe Hart had to save brilliantly from Wigan striker Franco Di Santo in the first half before Tevez beat two men and fired into the roof of the net in the 83rd minute . "  We were so tired . Wigan played good football , I think they will stay up . Carlos 's goal was fantastic , " City manager Roberto Mancini was quoted as saying by the Premier League . Chelsea cruised to a 3-0 win over Fulham to strengthen their claim on a Champions League spot and move into third place . Two goals from John Terry and a thunderous 35-yard strike from Brazil international settled the west London derby . Chelsea are a point ahead of Arsenal with a game in hand and three clear of Tottenham in fourth . In Italy , Roma set up an Italian Cup final with city rivals Lazio after beating Inter Milan 5-3 on aggregate in their semifinal . Leading 2-1 from the first leg Roma went 1-0 down early on but hit back with three goals , two from Mattia Destro and one from Vasilis Torosidis before Ricardo Alvarez grabbed a consolation for Inter . The final , due to take place at the Stadio Olimpico ground both clubs share , could prove a headache for the authorities after last week 's derby between Lazio and Roma was marred by violence , leading to eight arrests . In Germany , Stuttgart set up a German Cup final with Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich after beating Freiburg 2-1 while Paris Sanit-Germain were knocked out of the French Cup by Evian .	Robin van Persie scores a late equalizer as Manchester United draw 2-2 at West Ham United edge closer to securing a record 20th English Premier League title Manchester City close the gap by two points to 13 after victory over Wigan Chelsea also victorious while Roma set up clash with Lazio in Italian Cup final
CNN  -- Earthy , sun-dried structures and startling blue skies provide the vivid backdrop for many an exploration of Santa Fe , New Mexico . The architecture is distinctive , but the natural setting at the base of the southern Rocky Mountains , 7,000 feet above sea level , puts the city in the realm of spectacular . And aesthetics are just a fragment of what draws more than a million visitors a year . Santa Fe 's creativity shines in its art and cuisine , and there 's a deep spiritual pull . "  Whatever your religiosity , you are sure to find something to speak to your soul in this old , quiet town in the mountains , " writes iReporter Dannie Matevia , 26 , who visited with her family in February . Here , iReporters share some of their best tips : Art lover 's paradise Santa Fe 's booming museum and gallery scene could keep a visitor busy for weeks . Santa Fe is considered one of the country 's largest art markets , based on sales . Just along scenic Canyon Road alone , more than 100 galleries welcome art enthusiasts . "  It is not hard to see why artists like Georgia O'Keeffe , Ansel Adams and the likes were , and still are , drawn to this place full of stunning vistas , cultural richness and alluring spirit , " writes an iReporter with the handle texdexigner . The city is home to the Georgia O'Keeffe Museum , which houses more than 3,000 works and is celebrating its 15th anniversary this summer . Cynthia Whitney-Ward , an iReporter who lives in Santa Fe and blogs about her hometown , recommends the Museum of International Folk Art and the International Folk Art Market , "  an incredible gathering of vibrant artisans from around the world " held in July . Also check out artists from New Mexico pueblos displaying their wares on one side of the Santa Fe Plaza , Whitney-Ward recommends , and try to catch the amazing work at the Santa Fe Indian Market on August 18 and 19 . Destination USA : Miami beyond the beaches Shopper 's playground Art is far from the only hot item in Santa Fe . "  Between the Southwestern colors , cowboy boots , turquoise jewelry and products from local artisans , Santa Fe has a lot to offer a shopper in search of unique finds , " writes iReporter Kristine Celorio , of Sacramento , California . Whitney-Ward heads to The Flea at the Downs , a bit outside of town , every weekend where "  you 'll find hundreds of vendors selling nifty vintage stuff . " Or stop at Todos Santos chocolate shop in Sena Plaza to find a delicious gift . A treasure for history buffs Santa Fe welcomes history fans with a rich blend of cultures . The site of the present town was home to Native Americans from 1200 to the early 1400s , and in 1610 the Spanish founded Santa Fe . Mix those cultures with the sensibilities of the American artists who flocked to town in the early 20th century for a truly distinctive atmosphere . The city 's adobe architecture evolved from early dwellings built by the Pueblo Indians . The Spanish adapted the Native American techniques to create Spanish Pueblo style . "  Stay in a pueblo style hotel , like La Posada , for a really unique experience , " suggests iReporter Marijana Gucunski of New York City . Santa Fe is home to historic churches and more , Celorio points out . "  Do n't forget to stop and take in a little history while you are there . It will enrich your travel experience and help you appreciate what made Santa Fe the city it is today . " Destination USA : To luau or not to luau ? Your Hawaii tips A foodie 's dream The flavors of the Southwest radiate around the world , but Santa Fe is the spicy center . "  Red or green ? " is the official state question , referring to the type of chile a diner would like served over enchiladas or other New Mexican staples . Answering "  Christmas " will get you both . "  If Santa Fe is n't about great food , then I 'm clearly in denial , " writes Gucunski . "  I ate enough green salsa , Mayan hot chocolate and beans to make any food lover proud . " Downtown restaurant Cafe Pasqual 's is a must , says Whitney-Ward . "  You 'll have to wait for a table ... but it 's worth every minute . " Go for breakfast , lunch or dinner to sample quintessential Northern New Mexico fare . "  Their Mexican hot chocolate is fantastic , " she said . Destination USA : New Orleans between meals Matevia endorses Pasqual 's for breakfast and her mother raved about the Pink Adobe . For fabulous fast food , try Bumble Bee 's Baja Grill , says Whitney-Ward . Betty 's Bar at the lovely Encantado resort , just outside the city in Tesuque , offers amazing sunset views . "  With a large fire pit framing views of the mountains and horizon , it 's a perfect place to relax with a glass of local Gruet  sparkling wine  and a plate of Smokin ' Nachos , " another iReporter writes . "  Crazy good ! Perfectly New Mexico and a great Santa Fe experience . " Do you have Santa Fe travel tips ? Share them in the comments section below .	Northern New Mexican cuisine draws many visitors Santa Fe is home to hundreds of art galleries Adobe architecture and a stunning setting define the city
The path to Enlightenment , as any spiritual seeker will testify , can be long and difficult . Unless you take a shortcut . Whether a trip to the McLeod Ganj just above Dharamsala in northern India -- the hometown of the Dalai Lama -- offers an easy route is open to question . For many reaching the seat of the Dalai Lama and current home of the self-declared Tibetan government-in-exile is part of a quest for true happiness and a more altruistic way of life . For some , it 's a journey motivated by political activism . And for others , it 's simply a port of call on India 's hippy trail . I 'm heading there to witness one of the Dalai Lama 's teaching sessions . The Tibetan spiritual leader holds these around the world throughout the year , but to attend one at his own temple in Dharamsala is considered by many to be nothing short of a pilgrimage . ` Little Lhasa ' Leaving Pathankot station on the overnight train from Delhi , I meet Lobsang Rabten , a 27-year-old exiled Tibetan monk , currently based at The Sera Jey Monastery in Southwest India . Like thousands of others he 's on his way to listen to a three-day teaching on wisdom and compassion . We share the two and a half hour taxi ride up through winding hill roads , dense forests and sparsely populated towns . As we approach the McLeod Ganj suburb of Dharamsala or "  Little Lhasa " as the locals call it , the traditional orange robes of Tibetan Buddhists stand out in ever-greater numbers along the bustling , narrow streets . "  The Dalai Lama 's compassion teachings give me strength , " Rabten says as he leans out the window to enjoy the cool mountain air . "  That is to say I can feel all sentient beings to be the same as me in their desire for happiness and to reduce suffering . " With people from more than 60 countries and simultaneous translations in dozens of languages , the event feels like some kind of global congress . Burning incense During the event , the Dalai Lama appears each morning at 8 a.m. , led by plain clothes armed policemen and followed by a small entourage of a handful of monks carrying pots of burning incense . He makes his way through the temple courtyards , up two flights of stairs and through the back of the main hall . Those who get to shake his hand -- I 'm one of them -- talk of an overwhelming feeling of peace and calm followed by a giddy , childlike joy . Lisa Heath , a 62-year-old sculptor from Massachusetts describes her brief encounter as "  simply divine . " Speaking in Tibetan and sometimes English , the Dalai Lama begins the first day with a recap on the importance of secular ethics , universal human values , inter-religious harmony , climate change and the importance of preserving Tibetan culture . Young monks quietly weave their way through the solemn crowds with large , metal jugs of butter tea and warm bread . "  Our whole world is interconnected and the global economy is concerned with the whole world and not only individuals , " the Dalai Lama says , following his comment with by a deep , roaring laugh that brings a smile to everyone 's face . The importance of connection or belonging to a greater whole was evident not only at the teachings but throughout the small hilltop communities in the area . Touring the neighborhoods Amid peace poles , sacred cows and rows of vendors selling everything from mala prayer beads to crystals and macrame , the temple crowds dissipate . Many of the younger travelers make their way back up the rocky paths to nearby hillside communities of Bhagsu and Dharamkot at the end of the day . Along the way , it 's almost impossible to walk past a coffee shop , internet cafe or book store without seeing posters of the Dalai Lama and slogans calling for a free and independent Tibet . While the culture of the towns , Dharamsala and McLeod Ganj , are predominantly Tibetan Buddhist , the small surrounding villages are more Indian and attract an international hippy crowd . In Upper Dharamkot , a village so heavily populated by Israelis even the shop signs and menus are written in Hebrew , there 's a large choice of yoga workshops , dream catcher classes and programs in Ayurvedic cleansing -- an ancient natural healing technique in India . The Jewish community organization Chabad House  Dharamkot village , Mcleod Ganj ; +91 1892 221005  , has one of the largest buildings in town partly to ensure spiritual experimentation does not lead to religious desertion . A typical Friday night dinner here sees hundred of Israelis eating and praying together . A break from the all the spiritual adventure can be found at the Trimurti Garden Cafe  Bhagsunag , Mcleod Ganj ; +91 98 1686 9144  in Lower Dharamkot , a little oasis serving the best carrot cake and vegan chocolate cake in the area . How to attend the sessions : All visitors must register with the Tibetan Branch Security Office in McLeod Ganj near Hotel Tibet or at the temple first . Registration opens only three days before the teaching . Travelers are required to bring two passport size photos and copy of their passport . Attendance passes are issued on the spot and cost less than 50 cents each . More details can be found here : http://www.dalailama.com/teachings/attending-the-teachings . The Dalai Lama offers teachings at Dharamsala a few times every year but also in different places . The next public lectures in Dharamsala are from November 11-13 and December 2-5 . Find out where the Dalai Lama is going next here : http://www.dalailama.com/teachings/schedule	Visiting Dalai Lama in his residence just above Dharamsala is considered a pilgrimage for some Monks and followers from more than 60 countries attend his public teachings Dharamsala is predominantly Tibetan Buddhist while surrounding villages are more Indian and have a hippy vibe
CNN  -- Senior Bush administration officials authorized aggressive interrogation techniques -- including forced nudity and waterboarding -- on suspected terrorists , despite concerns from military psychologists and attorneys , according to a Senate report released Tuesday . The Senate report focuses on the authorization to use aggressive techniques to interrogate detainees . "  The fact is that senior officials in the United States government solicited information on how to use aggressive techniques , redefined the law to create the appearance of their legality , and authorized their use against detainees , " said the report , which reveals new details about prisoner treatment at U.S. military prisons in Cuba , Afghanistan and Iraq . "  Those efforts damaged our ability to collect accurate intelligence that could save lives , strengthened the hand of our enemies and compromised our moral authority , " the report said . The full report on the Senate Armed Services Committee investigation was declassified Tuesday by the Defense Department , less than a week after the Obama administration released several Bush-era memos detailing the use of such techniques . "  In my judgment , the report represents a condemnation of both the Bush administration 's interrogation policies and of senior administration officials who attempted to shift the blame for abuse ... to low-ranking soldiers , " Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , chairman of the Senate committee , said Tuesday . "  Claims , such as that made by former Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz that detainee abuses could be chalked up to the unauthorized acts of a ` few bad apples , ' were simply false . " The Senate report said that in December 2001 the Defense Department 's General Counsel 's Office solicited information on the "  exploitation " of detainees from the federal agency charged with training U.S. troops on how to withstand enemy interrogation techniques considered illegal by the Geneva Conventions . The inquiry to that agency , the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency , was submitted more than a month before then-President George Bush signed a memo stating that U.S. military personnel "  shall continue to treat detainees humanely and , to the extent appropriate and consistent with military necessity , in a manner consistent with the principles of the Geneva Conventions . " The Senate committee 's investigation was largely focused on the influence of a Joint Personnel program called "  Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape . " The program is used to train U.S. soldiers how to resist enemy interrogation , and employs harsh techniques such as forced nudity , use of fear , sleep deprivation and -- until last year -- waterboarding . The Senate report said Bush administration officials green lighted the use of Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape techniques on detainees -- despite warnings from military psychologists against doing so . The report includes an e-mail from an Army psychologist . " -LSB- T -RSB- he use of physical pressures brings with it a large number of potential negative side effects ... If individuals are put under enough discomfort , i.e. pain , they will eventually do whatever it takes to stop the pain , " said Lt. Col. Morgan Banks , the senior Army Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape psychologist , in an October 2 , 2002 , e-mail to personnel at the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Levin said the program is supposed to prepare troops in the event they are captured and subjected to abusive interrogations , and that it was "  never intended to be used in the interrogation of detainees in U.S. custody . " In a section titled , "  The Department of Justice Changes the Rules , " the Senate report noted that less than a week after the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency sent the Defense Department information about the interrogation techniques , the Justice Department issued two legal opinions signed by then-Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee . The first opinion "  presented a narrow interpretation of what constituted torture under U.S. law , " the report said . The memo said that to constitute torture , physical pain would have to match the intensity of that accompanying "  serious physical injury , such as organ failure , impairment of bodily functions or even death . " The opinion said the administration could defend itself against the federal anti-torture statute by arguing necessity or self-defense . The second opinion concerned the interrogation of a specific detainee , al-Qaeda operative Abu Zubaydeh , and concluded that 10 different techniques -- including sleep deprivation and waterboarding -- did not violate prohibitions against torture . Last week , the Obama administration released the second Bybee opinion -- which the Senate committee did not have access to during the investigation -- and three others written by then-Deputy Assistant Attorney General Steven Bradbury in May 2005 . Bradbury 's opinions concern hypothetical situations with the same interrogation techniques , as well as some others not mentioned in the 2002 memo . Those memos also conclude , for varying reasons , that the techniques did not violate prohibitions against torture . The Senate report reveals new information about Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape use on accused enemy combatants held at Guantanamo -- which President Obama plans to close within a year . "  By early October -LSB- 2002 -RSB- there was increasing pressure to get ` tougher ' with detainee interrogations " at Guantanamo , according to testimony cited in the Senate report from a military behavioral scientist , Maj. Paul Burney , who worked with interrogators at the facility in Cuba . So , Burney and a colleague drafted a memo proposing aggressive interrogation techniques at the facility . The scientist testified that Guantanamo 's intelligence chief told him the memo needed to contain coercive techniques or it "  was n't going to get very far , " the report said . Levin said that despite "  serious legal concerns raised by the military service lawyers , " Defense Department General Counsel Jim Haynes recommended that then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld approve 15 of the interrogation techniques -- including stress positions , removal of clothing , use of phobias  such as fear of dogs  and deprivation of light and auditory stimuli . After Rumsfeld 's December 2 , 2002 , approval , senior Guantanamo staff issued a memo on the use of aggressive techniques , saying , "  The premise behind this is that the interrogation tactics used at U.S. military SERE schools are appropriate for use in real-world interrogations , " according to the report . The report details how Rumsfeld 's approval prompted interrogators in Afghanistan and Iraq to adopt the aggressive techniques . Military officials essentially copied and pasted interrogation policies from Guantanamo , and posted them as their own in Afghanistan and , ultimately , Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . In September 2003 , U.S. Central Command lawyers raised concerns about the interrogation techniques authorized for Abu Ghraib , which included stress positions , sleep deprivation and exploiting fears of dogs , the report said . The report reveals a newly declassified September 16 , 2003 , e-mail from a CentCom lawyer , Maj. Carrie Ricci , who warned that "  Many of the techniques appear to violate -LSB- Geneva Conventions -RSB- III and IV and should not be used . ... " Dozens of military personnel who served at Abu Ghraib confirmed that the interrogation techniques cleared by Rumsfeld had made their way to the prison , according to the Senate report . An Army dog handler at Abu Ghraib told military investigators in February 2004 that "  someone from -LSB- military intelligence -RSB- gave me a list of cells , for me to go see , and pretty much have my dog bark at them . ... Having the dogs bark at detainees was psychologically breaking them down for interrogation purposes . " The Senate report said that an interrogator told military investigators in May 2004 that it was "  common to see detainees in cells without clothes or naked " and said it was "  one of our approaches . " Levin noted that , despite the revelation of widespread use of aggressive and abusive interrogation techniques , there is still the question of whether the senior officials who approved the policies should be held accountable . Obama on Tuesday left open the possibility of criminal prosecution , saying it would be up to Attorney General Eric Holder to decide whether to prosecute the former officials . "  With respect to those who formulated those legal decisions , I would say that is going to be more a decision for the attorney general within the parameter of various laws and I do n't want to prejudge that , " Obama told reporters . "  There 's a host of very complicated issues involved there . As a general deal , I think we should be looking forward and not backwards . I do worry about this getting so politicized that we can not function effectively and it hampers our ability to carry out critical national security operations . "	Lawyer 's e-mail says , "  Many of the techniques appear to violate " Geneva Conventions Investigator says "  one of our approaches " was to keep detainees naked Report : Officials encouraged use of stress positions , phobias , deprivation of light Techniques came from program used to train troops to resist enemy interrogation
CNN  -- In March , a young woman talking to a friend on the phone said she heard someone coming in the back door of her Kentucky apartment . She has n't been heard from since . The NamUs Web site has helped in closing 147 missing persons cases and ID ` ing 149 decedents since its launch . Decades earlier , on March 15 , 1967 , the remains of a woman clad in a blue dress and white shoes were discovered in a field in Baltimore , Maryland . The two cases are separated by nearly 500 miles and more than 42 years , but authorities are hoping they can both be solved with the help of a federal database that went online this year . The National Missing and Unidentified Persons System  http://www.namus.gov//  is designed to help law enforcement agencies and medical examiners across the country unravel the mysteries of cold cases involving missing persons and unidentified remains . It also gives countless families a place to look for loved ones and a chance to find answers and peace of mind . Launched in January , the database was created after the Department of Justice was tasked with finding ways to help solve the thousands of missing persons and unidentified decedents cases in the United States , according to a statement on the Web site . It 's funded through a cooperative agreement from the National Institute of Justice , which is part of the Department of Justice 's Office of Justice Programs . NamUs communications director Christine Vivian said the project "  was created to address the issue of the estimated 40,000 unidentified dead nationwide , and give families a tool to assist in finding missing adults . " "  As more cases are entered into the system , more people in every area -- law enforcement , victim advocacy and the general public -- can become part of the conversation that will resolve cases , " Vivian told CNN in an e-mail . The database offers what may be the most comprehensive public search engine to date for this undertaking . "  With advances in forensic sciences , there is always the possibility of closing an old case , " NamUs Operations Manager Billy Young told CNN . "  No matter how old the records are , we have someone looking at them . " NamUs is operated by the National Forensic Science Technology Center in Largo , Florida . It has two separate parts : a database of missing persons information containing 1,996 cases -- of which 147 have been closed -- and an unidentified decedent data system , which lists 5,569 cases . Of those , 149 people have been identified . Information entered in the missing persons file is automatically cross-referenced with the unidentified remains cases to see if there are any matches , the Web site said . The woman in the blue dress in Baltimore is not one of them . Her skeletal remains were found in a field in the winter of 1967 , but forensic experts believe she probably died the previous year . She was 5 feet , 3 inches tall and between the ages of 21 and 45 . The young woman in Kentucky is listed on the missing persons database . She is Crystal Hall , of Pikeville . On March 1 , the 24-year-old who called herself "  Red " was in her apartment and told a friend on the phone that someone was trying to enter her home from the rear door . It was the last time anyone has heard from her . Hall was last seen wearing a red shirt , dark blue jeans and large hoop earrings . She has the name "  Willy " tattooed on her left leg and another tattoo of a heart on her right arm . Her case file is typical of thousands of other entries for both NamUs databases , which contain detailed information on physical characteristics , clothing , accessories , police reports , photographs and dental charting . Typical also is case 5593 , which describes a man believed to be in his 30s who was found intoxicated and unconscious on the ground in New York on May 31 . He was taken to a hospital with a traumatic brain injury and died on June 3 . The man , who had black hair and was wearing blue jeans , had several scars on his body . He was also missing part of a finger on his right hand . Young hopes that posting the man 's case on the Web site will provide answers to family or friends who may be searching for him . "  It lets them know that someone is constantly looking for their loved ones and they are not being forgotten , " he said . "  It gives them hope that one day they will be able to get closure . "	Web site www.namus.gov was launched in January Site is intended to help authorities and families unravel mysteries An estimated 40,000 dead in the U.S. remain unidentified Comprehensive database also can assist in locating missing adults
CNN  -- A bill that would keep sealed some photos and documents from the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting investigation passed overwhelmingly in the Connecticut legislature early Wednesday . The new legislation blocks public disclosure of any visual images depicting those who died in the shooting on grounds that release of the images would "  constitute an unwarranted invasion of the personal privacy of the victim or the victim 's surviving family members , " according to the bill . The bill passed in the state Senate just after 1:30 a.m. , with 33 senators voting in favor of the bill and two voting against . It passed in the state House at 2 a.m. on a vote of 130 in favor , and two against . Lawmakers were working late hours to clear legislation before scheduled adjournment this week . The bill would prevent any graphic visual evidence of slain individuals from being released even through Freedom of Information Act  FOIA  filings . Gov. Dannel P. Malloy supports the measure and is expected to sign it later this week , said deputy press secretary David Bednarz . Newtown school district to get $ 1.3 million from Education Department All 911 recordings will still be publicly available , as well as audio recordings of first-responders , fire fighters and police . However , any audio recordings with graphic descriptions of a victims ' bodies will be redacted . A task force will also be established to "  consider and make recommendations regarding the balance between victim privacy under the Freedom of Information Act and the public 's right to know , " the bill says . An earlier draft of the bill limited the new legislation specifically to the Newtown case . However , the final draft passed Wednesday was expanded to include all homicide victims in Connecticut . "  My goal with this legislation was to provide some measure of protection for the families affected by the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School . But the fact is , all families have a right to grieve in private . Those who lose loved ones to violence have a right to protect themselves against further anguish , " Malloy said in a statement . State Senate Minority Leader John McKinney represents the Newtown area and was a chief proponent of the bill . He commended the families of Newtown victims for speaking out in support of the measure . "  The families have shown tremendous courage in coming to the Capitol and publicly asking the legislature to protect their privacy rights with respect to the graphic evidence and crime scene photographs of their murdered children and loved ones , " said McKinney , a Republican . The new law drew concern from others who feared the bill would limit freedom of information and hamper future investigations . State Sen. Ed Meyer , one of two senators who voted against the bill , noted that the Newtown crimes were committed on public property and the photos and recordings were taken by public officers . "  The suppression of horrific crimes committed on public property and recorded by public officials is not consistent with a free and open society , " Meyer , a Democrat , wrote in a statement . Sandy Hook task force recommends demolition and rebuilding Meyer , a father of six and grandfather of 13 , said he identifies greatly with the sadness that Newtown families feel , but believes that withholding certain pieces of evidence from the public will have long-term negative effects . "  The more we understand about our ugliness , the better chance we have to overcome that ugliness . Suppression of horrific conduct , as this bill dictates , invites history to repeat itself , " Meyer said . McKinney noted that while he has been a strong advocate of freedom-of-information laws , he was "  unapologetic " about supporting the efforts of Newtown families to keep gruesome photos and details from public view . The final bill required extensive compromise from both , requiring all members of Connecticut 's General Assembly "  to balance deeply held beliefs and important public policy values , " the governor said . Malloy commended the legislators "  on coming to an agreement that respects the privacy of grieving families . " All future FOIA requests will go through the Freedom of Information Commission in Connecticut . Commission members will now have to weigh whether to publicly disclose images based on this new law , said Brett R. Cody , spokesman for McKinney . Requests for evidence will continue to be considered carefully , but "  when privacy rights of victims and their families outweigh freedom of information , those privacy rights will be protected , " said Cody . The passage of the bill comes just under seven months after a lone gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown . After fatally shooting his mother at home , Adam Lanza killed 20 children and six educators before taking his own life . Newtown shooting details revealed in newly released documents	The bill would prevent release of any graphic visuals of slain individuals The original bill was designed specifically to protect families of the Newtown shooting victims The final draft was expanded to include all homicide victims in Connecticut 20 children and 6 educators died in the December shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary
TBILISI , Georgia  CNN  -- Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili signed a cease-fire agreement on Friday , which the U.S. said means Russian troops must begin withdrawing . The office of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who brokered the agreement , said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev also had confirmed Russia 's cooperation . "  His country will sign a cease-fire accord with Georgia and scrupulously respect all agreements , including a troop withdrawal , " Sarkozy 's office said . Fighting that started last week has died down in the region , but Russian forces remain . The warfare raged for several days until Sarkozy 's diplomatic efforts helped lessen the violence . Sarkozy undertook the role because he holds the rotating presidency of the European Union . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the priority now was "  all Russian troops and irregulars that entered Georgia with them must leave immediately . " Rice said international observers followed by neutral peacekeepers should be dispatched quickly to Georgia and its separatist regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , where Russia has a peacekeeping mission . Saakashvili warned at a news conference with Rice that "  this is not a done deal yet " unless it included ways of stopping a repeat . "  We are under Russian occupation , " he said . The Russian Foreign Ministry confirmed that President Dmitry Medvedev has agreed to sign the document but added that it was not clear whether it has been amended since Russia made the commitment to sign . Watch Rice demand Russia 's withdrawal " The conflict began late last week , when Georgia launched a military incursion into South Ossetia in an effort to rout separatist rebels . Russia -- which supports the separatists , many of whom claim Russian citizenship -- has peacekeeping responsibilities for the region and responded by sending tanks into the province for what it said was peace enforcement . From there the violence spread into Georgia and Abkhazia . iReport.com : How is the Russia-Georgia conflict affecting you ? Under the cease-fire , about 1,500 Russian peacekeepers are allowed to remain inside , and can do patrols about 6 kilometers outside , the "  zone of conflict , " a reference to South Ossetia and Abkhazia . They are not permitted to patrol in Gori and other Georgian cities and can not hamper aid distribution or control ports , highways or railroads , the officials said . The limited exception for the Russian peacekeepers is allowed only until a more robust international peacekeeping force can be deployed . Analysts see the conflict in Georgia , which is seeking NATO and EU membership , as having wider international implications as Russia seeks to reduce Western influence on its doorstep . President Bush earlier chided Russia for Cold War-style behavior in its territorial conflict with Georgia , accusing it of "  bullying and intimidation " as international pressure grew on Moscow to withdraw its troops from the region . Medvedev remained defiant over Moscow 's actions , saying Russia had brought peace to the region . Russian troops remained in control of two key Georgian cities despite pledges of a withdrawal . The Russians occupied the cities of Gori and Poti after conflict flared over the breakaway province of South Ossetia . Watch devastation in port of Poti " Reports emerged Friday of widespread looting in the decimated city of Gori and witnesses said they heard small-arms fire in South Ossetia , one of the two disputed territories at the center of the conflict . But Russia 's military spokesman said Friday that "  there 's absolutely no firing " under way in Georgia and that his government is concentrating on getting humanitarian aid to residents there . Bush said the United States stands "  with the people of Georgia and their democratically elected government . " Watch President Bush on ` why Georgia matters ' " Medvedev said Russia will "  guarantee " peace in the Caucasus region but made no commitment to remove Russian forces from Georgia or its breakaway territories . "  Peace needs to re-established in the region and guaranteed and underpinned so that no one again will get idiotic ideas , and this I see as the main task of the Russian Federation , " Medvedev said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , in a news conference with Medvedev , called for the withdrawal of Russian troops from central Georgia , where they remain in control of large areas of the country . International rights body Human Rights Watch on Friday accused Russia of dropping cluster bombs -- outlawed by more than 100 nations -- on Georgia , killing civilians . The claim was denied by Russian officials . A senior U.S. State Department official familiar with negotiations said the version of the one-page , six-element agreement that Rice carried to Tbilisi closed a loophole in the hastily written preliminary peace plan that Georgia and Russia agreed to Tuesday . View a map of the region " Under Rice 's plan , new wording would clarify that Russian would have a "  very limited to a light patrolling ability , such as a few kilometers outside of South Ossetia , not the right to maintain a presence inside Georgia . " It is unclear how many people have been killed in the conflict , but various claims put the figure in the thousands . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Friday that it estimated that more than 118,000 people have been displaced by the fighting , citing statistics supplied by the Russian and Georgian governments . About 30,000 people from South Ossetia fled to Russia , according to officials in the Russian region of North Ossetia , and up to 15,000 people from South Ossetia went south into Georgia proper , the Georgian government said . Around 73,000 people in Georgia proper are displaced , including most of the population of Gori . A further 732 Georgians living in Abkhazia were evacuated from the remote Khodori Valley . CNN 's Cal Perry , Diana Magnay , Frederik Pleitgen , Zain Verjee and Elise Labott contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarkozy 's office says Russian President Dmitry Medvedev will sign deal Georgia signs cease-fire agreement Georgia president : We are under Russian occupation Conflict began when Georgia launched action against rebels in South Ossetia
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama claimed the second major legislative victory of his young administration Wednesday , signing a bill to provide federally funded health care to an estimated 4 million children . President Obama says the SCHIP bill is a downpayment on his "  commitment to cover every single American . " The final version of the new law , which expands the State Children 's Health Insurance Program  SCHIP  by roughly $ 35 billion over the next five years , passed a sharply polarized House of Representatives earlier in the day , with almost every Democrat voting in favor of the expansion and most Republicans opposing it . With the bill , Obama said at a White House ceremony , "  We fulfill one of the highest responsibilities that we have -- to ensure the health and well-being of our nation 's children . " The president said the bill was a downpayment on his "  commitment to cover every single American . " The SCHIP expansion is Obama 's second major legislative win in less than a week . The first was Thursday 's approval of the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Equity Act , which makes it easier to sue employers for wage-based discrimination . Learn more about the SCHIP program " The expansion is also a sign of the strength of Washington 's new Democratic majority . Former President George W. Bush vetoed two similar health care bills in 2007 , arguing that the legislation would encourage families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded , state-run program . Before the bill 's passage , SCHIP covered almost 7 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid -- the federal health insurance program for the poor -- but who ca n't afford private insurance . The new law boosts total SCHIP funding to approximately $ 60 billion . The expanded program will be financed with a 62-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes . "  This is a day worthy of celebration . There can be no greater cause ... than protecting the well-being of our nation 's children , " New Jersey Rep. Frank Pallone , the legislation 's primary House author , said shortly before the bill 's final passage on a 290-135 vote . Passing the health program 's expansion is "  morally the right thing to do by our children , " said freshman Rep. Tom Perriello , D-Virginia . "  At a time when the cost of health care is crushing America 's families ... this is an important lifeline . " Opponents of the legislation argued that , among other things , it will allow undocumented immigrants to illegally access taxpayer-financed health care , and is insufficiently funded . "  This will go out of control just like all the other -LSB- entitlement -RSB- programs have , and our children will pay , " Rep. Jack Linder , R-Georgia , warned during the House debate Wednesday . Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , ripped the bill as a "  foundation stone for socialized medicine in the United States , " arguing that raising the income limit for SCHIP eligibility will serve as the basis for a massive expansion of government-run health care . The Senate passed the expansion Friday in a 66-32 vote . All those voting against the bill were Republicans , though nine Republicans voted in favor of the measure .	NEW : President Obama signs State Children 's Health Insurance Program into law House approves the bill in vote that falls largely along party lines SCHIP passed the Senate last week SCHIP makes additional 4 million kids eligible for federally funded health insurance
CNN  -- The future of Iceland 's elected government was in question Sunday after another weekend of street protests and the resignation of the government 's commerce minister -- both responses to the country 's financial mess . Iceland 's Prime Minister Geir Haarde , left , talks with business minister Bjorgvin Sigurdsson in October . The minister , Bjorgvin Sigurdsson , resigned Sunday , saying the government had failed to restore confidence in the three months after the collapse of several of the country 's leading banks , currency and stock market . Senior government officials from the two parties that make up Iceland 's coalition government -- the prime minister 's Independence Party and the Social Democrats party -- met Sunday to discuss the government 's future but nothing was resolved , a spokesman for the prime minister said . Another meeting was scheduled for Sunday night and it was "  highly likely " that the parties would decide whether the current government would remain , the spokesman , Kristjan Kristjansson , said . Sigurdsson 's resignation followed Saturday 's demonstration in which about 6,000 to 7,000 people in front of the parliament building called for the government of Prime Minister Geir Haarde to step down . Protests have been staged regularly since the collapse , but Saturday 's was one of the biggest to date , a spokesman for the prime minister said . Saturday 's demonstration was peaceful , the spokesman , Kristjansson , said . Watch iReport of Saturday demonstration Riot police intervened during protests earlier in the week , using pepper spray and arresting some demonstrators . In his resignation letter to the prime minister , Sigurdsson said he was taking his part of the responsibility for the economic situation in the country . But he also said that there were many more who shared responsibility , Urdur Gunnarsdottir , spokeswoman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , told CNN . No other officials were named . The night before he resigned , Sigurdsson dismissed the head of the country 's financial supervisory authority and requested the authority 's board resign . Haarde announced Friday he has a malignant tumor on his esophagus and would not run for re-election as chair of the Independence Party . He also proposed that early elections be held on May 9 , two years ahead of schedule . The country 's five-party parliament has not yet taken up the proposal , Kristjansson told CNN . Iceland 's financial system and currency collapsed in October following a series of bank failures , forcing the International Monetary Fund to intervene . Iceland sought IMF help after its government was forced to nationalize three banks to head off a complete collapse of its financial system . Trading on the country 's stock market was suspended for nearly a week , and inflation jumped to more than 12 percent . The IMF announced in November it would pump about $ 827 million into the Icelandic economy immediately , with another $ 1.3 billion coming in eight installments . Iceland 's Nordic neighbors -- the governments of Finland , Norway , Denmark and Sweden -- announced they would lend Iceland another $ 2.5 billion . In his resignation letter , Sigurdsson said after the country 's financial crash , he hoped the government would re-create trust and restore the country 's finances . But he said the effort failed , and he was resigning to help facilitate a restoration of public trust . Sigurdsson is legally entitled to keep receiving his salary for several months after his resignation , but said in his letter he would not accept it . CNN 's Per Nyberg in London contributed to this report .	NEW : Leaders meet to discuss future of Iceland 's coalition government Business minister resigns after collapse of the country 's leading banks , stock market Business minister Bjorgvin Sigurdsson says many share responsibility for problems
CNN  -- The NBA has canceled its preseason , and the first two weeks of the regular season are in jeopardy as team owners and players remain at odds over a new labor deal . "  By Monday , we will have no choice but to cancel the first two weeks of the season , " NBA Commissioner David Stern said Tuesday . The cancellation of all 114 preseason games will mean a loss of about $ 200 million in revenue , he said . The NBA already had announced the cancellation of some preseason games . "  And we 're looking down the barrel of losing regular-season games . There 's an extraordinary hit coming to the owners and to the players , " Stern said . The sometimes bitter labor struggle and lockout has stretched to three months . "  We can only say we are running out of time so many times , " NBA Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver has said . NBA Players Association President Derek Fisher has acknowledged the stakes . "  We are aware of the calendar , " he said this week . "  We know our backs are against the wall in terms of regular season games and what those consequences will be . " Last week , the NBA announced that it had postponed player training camps for the upcoming season and canceled some preseason games . Training camps were scheduled to open on October 3 . Representatives from both sides have been meeting in hopes of hammering out a collective bargaining deal , but no significant progress has been announced . The NBA began a lockout of its players in early July . Stern has said that last season was not profitable for most of the league 's 30 owners , who want cost-cutting help from players . The league lost as much as $ 300 million in the 2010-11 season , Stern has said . One of the battles has focused on the owners ' rejection of the players union 's call for an average $ 7 million player salary in the sixth year of a new labor deal . The current average salary is about $ 5 million . Other big issues include a fight over whether the NBA will strengthen its salary cap and a move by owners to get a bigger share of revenues . The last work stoppage occurred in 1998 .	NEW : The first 2 weeks of the regular season are in jeopardy NEW : Canceling the preseason brings a revenue loss of about $ 200 million , the NBA commissioner says The lockout has lasted three months
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- Golfer Tiger Woods will be issued a careless driving citation for the crash outside his home last week , but he will not face criminal charges , the Florida Highway Patrol said Tuesday . Woods , 33 , struck a fire hydrant and a tree with his 2009 Cadillac SUV in his luxury neighborhood near Windermere , Florida , early Friday , police said . Upon conviction of careless driving , a moving violation , Woods faces a $ 164 fine and four points on his license , Maj. Cindy Williams of the Florida Highway Patrol said . "  Mr. Woods ' status in no way impacted our investigation or conclusion , " Williams said . "  The investigation has determined that Mr. Woods is at fault in the crash . " Woods satisfied the requirements of Florida law regarding motor vehicle accidents by providing his driver 's license , registration and proof of insurance to authorities , Williams said . "  With the issuance of this citation , the Florida Highway Patrol has completed its investigation into this matter , " she said . There was insufficient evidence to request a subpoena for medical information in the case , said Sgt. Kim Montes , an FHP spokeswoman . There were no claims of domestic abuse . Authorities have said they do n't have details on why Woods was driving away from his home around 2:25 a.m. Friday . State troopers three times have asked to question him about the accident , but he has declined , the highway patrol has said . What do you think about the Tiger Woods saga ? Police have said the accident was not alcohol-related . Woods canceled plans to attend the Chevron World Challenge in Southern California "  due to injuries sustained in a one-car accident last week , " according to a statement Monday from the golfer . In a statement issued Sunday afternoon on his Web site , Woods offered no details of his accident except to say he had cuts and bruises and was "  pretty sore . " "  This situation is my fault , and it 's obviously embarrassing to my family and me , " he said . "  I 'm human and I 'm not perfect . I will certainly make sure this does n't happen again . " Woods is a four-time winner of the tournament . A knee injury kept him from competing last year . "  I am extremely disappointed that I will not be at my tournament this week , " Woods said . "  I am certain it will be an outstanding event , and I 'm very sorry that I ca n't be there . " People holding tickets for the event -- which runs Wednesday through Sunday -- can apply for full refunds starting next Monday , tournament officials said . Ticketholders who do not ask for refunds can get a 20 percent discount when buying 2010 tickets , they said . The annual charity event , which Woods hosts in Thousand Oaks , California , is a major fundraiser for the Tiger Woods Foundation , but it was not immediately clear how much money it would lose because of Woods ' cancellation . The incident has ended Woods ' golf appearances until next season , according to a statement posted on his Web site . The PGA Tour has ended for the year , but the first tournament of the 2010 season is just five weeks away . At least one other charity event is scheduled , but it is not clear if Woods had planned to attend . Woods has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament four times each , as well as three U.S. Open Championships . Last week , a story in the National Enquirer alleged that Woods has been seeing a New York nightclub hostess . The woman denied having an affair with Woods when contacted by The Associated Press . The woman in question has retained Los Angeles lawyer Gloria Allred , who is know for handling high-profile cases , to represent her . Allred told CNN there were no immediate plans for a news conference , although she may soon release a written statement . Windermere 's mayor called on the news media to back away from the story , saying , "  Our residents would like to put this behind us . " "  It 's time to move on , " Mayor Gary Bruhn said . "  Let the man recover if he is injured , and let him get back to his life , and let our residents get back to normalcy . " Woods ' agent , Mark Steinberg , said the Florida Highway Patrol informed them that further discussion with them is both voluntary and optional . "  Although Tiger realizes that there is a great deal of public curiosity , it has been conveyed to FHP that he simply has nothing more to add and wishes to protect the privacy of his family . " Under Florida law , Woods is not obligated to give a statement about the crash . His attorney , Mark NeJame , handed over the required documents to the troopers Sunday at Woods ' home , Montes said . Investigators had sought possible surveillance tapes of the accident from neighbors , but none were found , she said . In his statement , Woods praised his wife , Elin Nordegren , who he said "  acted courageously when she saw I was hurt and in trouble . " Nordegren told police she used a golf club to break out the rear window of the vehicle , and then pulled Woods from the SUV after she heard the accident from inside their home . But Woods said , "  This is a private matter , and I want to keep it that way . " And , he added , "  The only person responsible for the accident is me . " Woods and his wife have two children , a 2-year-old and a baby born in February . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Alan Duke , Ross Levitt and Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	NEW : Tiger Woods faces $ 164 fine , four points on his license , Florida Highway Patrol says NEW : No criminal charges for pro golfer ; no evidence of abuse , spokeswoman says Woods skipping golf tournament this week , blames injuries from car crash Woods hit a fire hydrant near his home in his SUV early Friday , police say
CNN  -- The former mayor of Hoboken , New Jersey , was sentenced Thursday to two years in federal prison for accepting bribes in one of the state 's largest political corruption scandals , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in New Jersey . Peter Cammarano III , 33 , was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Jose L. Linares to spend twenty-four months in prison for illegally accepting $ 25,000 in bribes -- all of which he must repay to the government . The judge also ordered Cammarano to two years of supervised release upon completion of his jail term . In April , the ex-mayor pleaded guilty before a federal judge to conspiracy and extortion , following his arrest just three weeks after becoming Hoboken 's youngest mayor . The U.S. attorney 's office said that Cammarano took bribes from a government witness who posed as a real estate developer in exchange for promised future assistance in Hoboken 's government matters . Prosecutors said that at his plea hearing , Cammarano said that he accepted three illegal cash payments from the government witness . Two payments , totaling $ 15,000 , were received while he was a councilman at-large for Hoboken . He further admitted that he accepted an added $ 10,000 after being elected and sworn in as mayor . Shortly after his arrest , Cammarano stepped down as mayor of Hoboken . In a statement to the city clerk 's office at the time , he denied all criminal wrongdoing , but said the charges had disrupted the city government and his ability to perform his duties as mayor The U.S. attorney 's statement said that Cammarano 's sentencing resulted from an undercover FBI investigation into public corruption and money-laundering . Cammarano was one of 44 civic leaders and public officials nabbed in an investigation called "  Operation Bid Rig . " In a statement to CNN , Cammarano 's attorney , Joseph A Hayden , said , "  Peter Cammarano made a catastrophic mistake with respect to his conduct . He has accepted responsibility and pleaded guilty . He will serve his sentence . He is a young man and will rebuild his life . In the future he will once again make positive contributions to society . " Cammarano is free on bond and is scheduled surrender to authorities on September 20 , 2010 , to being his prison term .	Peter Cammarano III was Hoboken 's youngest mayor He was arrested after just three weeks in office Cammarano pleaded guilty in April to conspiracy and extortion
CNN  -- Pau Gasol is a seasoned and accomplished basketball player , both in the NBA and in his native Spain . His list of accolades is almost as long as he is tall -- two NBA championships , two silver Olympic medals , NBA Rookie of the Year , to name a few . But the Los Angeles Laker finds success is n't measured solely by his performance on the hardwood . He maintains a wider perspective on his role off the court and just what his duties should be . "  I do n't like to use the term celebrity , but people that are known have a responsibility because you have the potential of impacting people 's lives , " Gasol says . "  And regardless of what you do or you do n't do , you are a role model . People look up to you . They pay attention to your actions , so it 's up to you whether you want those actions to have a positive impact or a negative impact . " Early in his career , Gasol reached out and became a UNICEF ambassador in 2003 . "  I wanted to be a good role model for the children that look up to me and make a difference in society beyond my own needs and accomplishment , " he says . Over the past decade Gasol has dedicated much of his time off court to his role as ambassador . Most recently he helped respond to the immense need for aid in the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan struck in November . Gasol knows the people of the Philippines will need assistance for a long time . To inspire others to donate to UNICEF 's efforts in the region , Gasol pledged to donate $ 1,000 for every point he scored in a game against the Golden State Warriors shortly after the typhoon hit . He also took to Twitter and Facebook to encourage fans to join in and pledge for each point he scored . "  I was also carrying that responsibility , and it made me focus even more and made me want to do better and score more points and have more people donating and helping all the people in the Philippines , " Gasol says . In addition to raising money for UNICEF , Gasol accompanies the group on trips to communities in need whenever he can . "  It 's real important to me . And that 's one thing that I told UNICEF . After my first year of being with them , I told them that I needed to go and see and feel for myself , " he says . "  Because then I would be able to share my experiences and talk about it with knowledge of what 's really going on . So if I wanted to be a good ambassador for UNICEF , I needed to live it . " His 7-foot frame often stands out on these trips , but the NBA superstar makes an even bigger impact by trying to better the lives of the world 's most vulnerable . "  Kids are our future . So if you provide good teaching , good guidance to kids , I think we 're going to have a brighter future . And I think that every kid should have the right to get an education , have a right to play , have a right to -- a chance -- basically . " Beyond his duties with UNICEF , Gasol and his younger brother and fellow NBA player , Marc Gasol , created the Gasol Foundation . "  We wanted to have our own foundation and create our own legacy outside of basketball , something that we could invest our time and dedicate ourselves to in the future -- during , but also when we were done playing , " Pau Gasol says . The Gasol Foundation aims to empower children to lead healthier lives . Gasol and his brother work with local chapters of the Boys and Girls Club in Los Angeles and Memphis , Tennessee , where they each play and live , respectively . They have a variety of programs to guide children into making smart choices about foods and activities . "  We really connect with children . I like to feel like children look up to us ... and we have a tremendous power of influence  on  these kids . So if we give them that positive influence , it makes a huge difference , " Gasol says . "  We try to empower these kids to live healthier lives through exercise , through good nutrition and understanding how picking up healthy habits from an early life is going to save them from a lot of health issues down the road . " Gasol says everyone must decide what his mission in life will be . "  I  just try to remind myself how fortunate I am and also just how much I like to inspire others by my actions . "	NBA player Pau Gasol is an ambassador for UNICEF Gasol has hands-on role with UNICEF , visiting communities in need and raising funds for them Gasol pledged to donate $ 1,000 for every point he scored in game after Typhoon Haiyan He and brother Marc Gasol started a foundation to help children live healthier lives
