CNN  -- The Daytime Emmy Awards adore Ellen DeGeneres . The comedian 's "  Ellen DeGeneres Show " won its eighth Daytime Emmy for outstanding entertainment talk show during Sunday 's ceremony held in Beverly Hills , California . For the first time , this year 's awards show -- which honors the best in daytime TV -- was streamed online . Host Kathy Griffin made jokes about last year 's show -- including sitting at the table with Kardashian "  momager " Kris Jenner . "  Think about it , I 've been calling her daughters whores for years , " Griffin said during her intro . CBS ' "  The Young and the Restless " won six awards , including best drama series . One of that show 's stars , Billy Miller , won for outstanding lead actor in a drama series , while Eileen Davidson from "  Days of Our Lives " won for outstanding lead actress . "  Steve Harvey " won for outstanding information talk show and Dr. Mehmet Oz and Katie Couric tied for outstanding talk show host for "  The Dr. Oz Show " and "  Katie , " respectively . A replay of the ceremony , complete with the red carpet coverage , can be watched at DaytimeEmmys.net .	"  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " won its eighth award Kathy Griffin hosted this year 's ceremony Dr. Oz and Katie Couric tied for best talk show host
CNN  -- In a landmark ruling , an international tribunal found former Liberian President Charles Taylor guilty Thursday of aiding and abetting war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone 's notoriously brutal civil war . It was the first war crimes conviction of a former head of state by an international court since the Nuremberg trials of Nazi leaders after World War II . Prosecutors , however , failed to prove that Taylor had direct command over the rebels who committed the atrocities , said Justice Richard Lussick of the Special Court for Sierra Leone . A three-judge panel issued a unanimous decision that Taylor , 64 , was guilty on all 11 counts of the indictment against him . The judges found him guilty of aiding and abetting rebel forces in a campaign of terror that involved murder , rape , sexual slavery , conscripting children younger than 15 and mining diamonds to pay for guns . Prosecutor Brenda Hollis hailed the verdict as a milestone in accountability and said it "  made clear the central role Charles Taylor played in the horrific crimes against the people of Sierra Leone . "  This judgment affirms that with leadership comes not just power and authority , but also responsibility and accountability , " she said . "  No person , no matter how powerful , is above the law . " Taylor will learn what penalty he 'll be forced to pay on May 30 , two weeks after a hearing to argue the most appropriate terms of his sentence . There is no death penalty in international criminal law , and Taylor would serve out any sentence in a British prison . Taylor 's lawyer , Courtenay Griffiths , suggested the trial was politically motivated . He claimed his client 's conviction was "  obtained on tainted and corrupted evidence " based on the testimony of witnesses from Sierra Leone who were paid to appear in court . Griffiths portrayed Taylor as a legitimate leader who aided rebels in a neighboring nation . Those rebels , not Taylor himself , should be held accountable for their actions , the lawyer contended . "  If such behavior is to be deemed illegal , then I 'd like to see it be deemed illegal across the board , " Griffiths said , referring to leaders of the United States or Britain potentially paying the price for crimes committed by covert groups they have supported . "  But let 's be frank , ladies and gentlemen , " Griffiths said , "  do you honestly see that ever happening ? " Throughout Lussick 's reading of a long list of chilling crimes , Taylor remained stoic . Dressed in a charcoal gray suit , a white shirt and a burgundy tie , the former warlord stood quietly as the judge delivered the guilty verdict . The mood was decidedly different in Freetown , the Sierra Leone capital , where , as one resident described it , every television set was on . "  Relief . Relief , " said Jennifer Harold , national director of the charity World Vision . "  Everybody is thrilled . " Harold said Taylor 's conviction was a big psychological victory for his victims . "  People can be very cynical about justice , " she said . "  But now you have someone finally getting caught , finally getting justice . " U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay noted that Taylor can appeal the verdict , and it could be overturned . That said , she called his conviction "  immensely significant , " saying it sends out a message that even the most powerful are not above the law . "  This is undoubtedly a historic moment in the development of international justice , " she said . "  A former president , who once wielded immense influence in a neighboring country where tens of thousands of people were killed , mutilated , raped , robbed and repeatedly displaced for years on end , has been arrested , tried in a fair and thorough international procedure . " Taylor has been a pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades after he overthrew the regime of Samuel Doe in 1989 , plunging the country into a bloody civil war that left 200,000 dead over the next 14 years . After he was forced out of office under international pressure in 2003 , he lived in exile in Nigeria , where border guards arrested him in 2006 as he was attempting to cross into Chad amid international pressure . That culminated in his trial , which began in 2007 at the special court for Sierra Leone in The Hague , Netherlands . U.N. officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . The court was moved from Sierra Leone , where emotions about the civil war still run high . Judges ultimately heard testimony from more than 100 people in the case . They included supermodel Naomi Campbell , who told the special tribunal that she received "  dirty-looking stones " she assumed were gifts from Taylor after a dinner hosted by then-South African President Nelson Mandela in 1997 . The prosecution was trying , with her testimony , to tie Taylor to "  blood diamonds " -- the mining and selling of diamonds , in this case to fund rebels in several African conflict areas . "  When I was sleeping , I had a knock on my door . I opened the door and two men were there . They gave me a pouch and said , ' A gift for you , ' " she said . "  The men did n't introduce themselves or say anything else . " Prosecutors accused Taylor of financing and giving orders to Revolutionary United Front rebels in Sierra Leone 's civil war that ultimately left 50,000 dead or missing . His support for the rebels fueled the bloody war , prosecutors said . Fighters included teenagers forced to kill , rape and plunder placed under the influence of drugs to provoke violent behavior . Witnesses testified about grisly violence by the rebels during the conflict , including shooting and disemboweling pregnant women and children . Sometimes , rebels asked people if they wanted long sleeves or short sleeves . The former meant hacking off hands ; the latter , forearms . "  Brave men , women and children have taken the stand against Charles Taylor , " the prosecutor 's office said in a written statement . "  They have included amputees , rape victims , former child soldiers and persons enslaved , robbed , and terrorized . We are awed by their courage . " Ishmael Beah , a former rebel child soldier in Sierra Leone who has written a book chronicling his experiences , said the verdict gives people in his native country good reason to celebrate Friday , on its independence day . "  I feel very happy today that such a man is no longer powerful and that the law has prevailed , " Beah told CNN . "  It shows that nobody can get away with doing such things , particularly with recruiting children in war . " Taylor becomes the first former head of state since Adm. Karl Doenitz , who became president of Germany briefly after Adolf Hitler 's suicide , to be convicted for war crimes or crimes against humanity by an international tribunal . Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was tried by an international tribunal but died before a judgment was issued . The International Criminal Court has charged Laurent Gbagbo , the former Ivory Coast president , with crimes against humanity . It also has a warrant out for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , who , so far , has been able to elude arrest . "  Powerful leaders like Charles Taylor have for too long lived comfortably above the law , " said Elise Keppler , senior international justice counsel at Human Rights Watch . "  Taylor 's conviction sends a message to those in power that they can be held to account for grave crimes . " The White House cheered Thursday 's verdict , releasing a statement pointing to "  progress " that has been made in Sierra Leone and Liberia and saying it hoped the ruling "  will help dissuade others who might follow in his footsteps . " William Hague , Britain 's foreign minister , was even more pointed in his comments . On Twitter , he urged Syrian President Bashar al-Assad -- who many have claimed has ordered troops to clamp down on civilian dissenters , killing thousands -- to pay attention to what happened at the Hague , lest he also someday faces charges . "  Justice has been done . Remember his victims , & remind #Assad : there is no expiry date for crimes against the innocent , " Hague said .	NEW : UK foreign minister says verdict should be lesson to Syria 's al-Assad Charles Taylor is the first ex-head of state convicted by an international tribunal since 1946 He will be sentenced May 30 and serve out his sentence in a British jail Taylor 's lawyer says his client should n't be responsible for others ' actions
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for Friday 's bombing of a mosque in Rawalpindi and vowed to carry out more attacks , according to an e-mail message from the group . The assault targeted a mosque frequented by Pakistani military personnel , and killed 36 and wounded 75 , the military said . The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan took responsibility for the action on Friday but reiterated its claim in an e-mail to CNN on Saturday because media outlets quoted analysts and some officials who doubted the group 's participation . Watch a report about the attack "  We reconfirmed it , that the TTP has done it , and will do more which are already planned , " the group said . "  We once again mention that we are not against the innocent people and the state of Pakistan but against those officers and ministers who are American by hearts and minds and Pakistani just by faces , " the e-mail message said . Four militants armed with guns and grenades stormed the mosque in Rawalpindi , and most of the victims were children . The attack was the latest to shake the garrison city since this year 's launch of strong military offensives against Taliban insurgents in the Swat Valley and South Waziristan . Rawalpindi is the headquarters of the Pakistani army . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Journalist Nazar Ul Islam contributed to this report .	Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for attack on mosque during prayers 36 people , including children , were killed in the attack when armed militants stormed mosque Mosque is frequented by retired and serving military officials November 2 attack in Rawalpindi saw suicide bomber target a bank
CNN  -- Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar has gone from scapegoat to national hero in the space of two World Cups and is hoping that the wave of emotion which both he and his teammates rode to secure a penalty shootout triumph against Chile will see them past the stern test provided by Colombia in the quarterfinals Friday . Cesar , who was held responsible for a blunder in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa as his side went out to the Netherlands in the quarterfinals , made two superb saves in the shootout as Brazil won its last 16 clash in a nail biting finale in Belo Horizonte . Several players , captain Thiago Silva and star player Neymar included , showed outward signs of emotion during the course of the match against Chile but Cesar told CNN that it was a natural reaction given the pressure of hosting the competition . "  We were in a situation where we could have been eliminated from the round of 16 in a World Cup in Brazil , so not only did I get emotional , but so did some of the other members of the team , " he said . "  We know the importance of winning this World Cup in Brazil , not only for ourselves , but for our families , and especially for the fans . "  We do n't know when Brazil will have another opportunity to host a World Cup , so I think we need to take advantage of this opportunity , " added the 34-year-old . Despite his 84 caps , Cesar has had his critics and in the buildup to the World Cup finals spent an unhappy spell at English second-flight team Queens Park Rangers , before being farmed out on loan to MLS side Toronto . His place in the Brazil team appeared at risk , but Cesar credits coach Luiz Felipe Scolari with sticking with him despite his difficulties . "  I think it 's the primary reason why I 'm here today . Eight months ago he gave an interview saying that regardless if I was playing or not , I would playing at the World Cup . So this is something that gives you peace of mind , " he added . Whether that peace of mind extends to the clash with Colombia and the prospect of preventing their goalscoring sensation James Rodriguez from adding to his competition leading tally of five goals is another matter . Rodriquez scored twice -- his first probably the goal of the tournament -- in his side 's 2-0 last 16 win over Uruguay and Cesar admits he will be difficult to stop . "  James is a player that has been amazing everyone . I think that the World Cup gives players the opportunity to showcase their work to the world and I think James is making the most of it , " he said . "  For now , though , I hope that against Brazil , he can halt his continued progression as a player until after the tournament has ended , because Brazil has to win . " Brazil has its own trump card in Barcelona 's Neymar , who has impressed Cesar with his mature performances despite carrying the hopes of a nation . "  You see a 22-year-old in his first World Cup in Brazil taking to the pitch as if he were playing with his friends in the street . In my opinion , that 's his biggest strength , " said Cesar . "  He 's just like any other guy and I think his family is the main reason why he has accomplished so much , and yet remained humble . I think he 's a fantastic kid . " The last eight clash in Fortaleza could well hinge on which of the young superstars can put their imprint on the proceedings , while Cesar will be hoping to avoid the sort of error that haunted him during his last appearance at this stage of the competition four years ago .	Julio Cesar was Brazil 's hero in penalty shootout win over Chile Saved two penalties as hosts reached last eight Brazil faces Colombia for place in semifinals Friday Cesar wary of Colombia star James Rodriguez
CNN  -- Real Madrid came closer to scratching their 12-year Champions League itch with a 1-0 home victory over defending champions Bayern Munich . The La Liga side want to reach the European final for the first time since 2002 while the German champions are out to become the first team to defend the Champions League trophy . With so much at stake , attack and counter attack flowed in waves inside an electric Bernabeu Stadium Wednesday as two of Europe 's top sides delivered on their promise to provide footballing fever in the semi-final . The opening -- and only -- goal of the match was a fine example of the ebb and flow . Real Madrid defender Pepe had blocked an early effort by Bayern Munich striker Mario Mandzukic and Cristiano Ronaldo soon found the ball at his feet . Real 's talisman -- back from hamstring and knee problems -- switched the play from defense to attack , picking out Fabio Coentrao with a perfectly-weighted ball . Coentrao threaded the ball through to Karim Benzema , who tapped in after 19 minutes to edge Real into the lead . Just minutes later , Ronaldo found himself in space in front of goal . But the golden touch of the Ballon d'Or footballer deserted him as he scooped the ball over the bar and raised his arms to the heavens in anguish . Di Maria , fed by Ronaldo , missed another good chance to double Real 's advantage when his left footed shot went high and wide . Bayern turned the screw on the Spanish side as the first half wore on , dominating possession , but despite the best efforts of Philipp Lahm and Arjen Robben the home side kept them at bay . Ronaldo quickly got down to business at the restart as he had a shot palmed away by Manuel Neuer . The Bayern goalkeeper had his work cut out on his return to the team and he was again forced to save a fierce shot from Ronaldo . At the opposite end , Robben , who left Madrid to join Munich , had motored towards goal on a solo run but his shot was safely collected by Iker Casillas , who later punched away another Bayern effort . Gareth Bale recovered from flu in time to replace Ronaldo in the later stage of the Champions League tie and the Welshman also forced a save from Neuer . But it was Bayern substitute Mario Gotze who almost had the last say with a powerful shot on goal only for Casillas to instinctively block his strike . The German side had a late appeal for a penalty turned down by English referee Howard Webb . Madrid will now travel to Bayern Munich 's Allianz Arena next week with a slender advantage while Munich manager Pep Guardiola must work out how to make his team 's possession pay . "  Everything is still possible in this tie , " Bayern keeper Neuer told Uefa.com . "  We expect a similar game in the return leg . "  We have to keep focused and take advantage of our opportunities . " Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti , who along with Guardiola has lifted the European trophy as both a player and a manager , said : "  The fans helped the team a lot . The atmosphere was spectacular . We want to do everything we can to take them to Lisbon . "  We need everything in the second leg ; sacrifice , courage , quality . We have a small advantage but nobody knows what will happen . " He added he expects both Ronaldo and Bale to be fully fit for next Tuesday 's second leg . In the other semi-final , played on Tuesday evening , Chelsea and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw . An impenetrable defensive display from the Premier League side restricted the Spanish hopefuls to just a handful of chances . A place in the Champions League final in Lisbon on 24th May is still up for grabs as all four teams prepare to renew rivalries in next week 's return legs .	Real Madrid edge out Bayern Munich in Champions League semi-final first leg Frenchman Karim Benzema scores only goal after 19 minutes Cristiano Ronaldo returns from injury to help inspire Spanish side Bayern Munich dominate possession but can not convert chances
Eurovision -- the curious annual song contest that sees a continent united around its televisions for an evening of high-energy songs , spangled costumes and ill-advised drinking games -- is once more upon us . Founded in 1956 , it was intended as a way to bring together once-warring nations through the innocent medium of pop music . It has n't necessarily ended the rivalries  the voting-based results system is notoriously territorial  , but for the hundreds of millions watching on TV , Eurovision is a well-rehearsed , almost comforting routine . It 's less comforting , however , for the competitors and fans dispatched to an unfamiliar city -- this year 's Grand Final will be held May 10 at the B&W Grand Ballroom in Copenhagen -- to uphold or betray national honor with only leotard-clad backing dancers for company . Copenhagen : 10 Things to know before you go Help is at hand , though . Herewith our insiders ' guide to maximizing post-Eurovision joy , or minimizing sorrow , in the Danish capital . Drinking and dancing Copenhagen is compact for a major capital , with a shade over half a million inhabitants , but it 's increasingly famed for nightlife , especially in the Meatpacking District -- just like the similarly scenester-filled area of New York -- near the central station . Here the nightlife concentration is sufficiently dense to allow disgruntled central European crooners to stumble from bar to club . For those determined to dance , locals suggest KB18  Kodboderne 18 ; +45 33 313 933  , or Culture Box  Kronprinsessegade 54 ; +45 33 325 050  . Slightly closer to the contest 's harbor-side venue is the dingy but welcoming Eiffel Bar  Wildersgade 18 ; + 45 32 577 092  in Christianshavn , a possible home-from-home for this year 's face fur-fixated French entry , Twin Twin . The walls are covered in Parisian iconography and the beer is dirt cheap . The more adventurous could venture to one of the city 's most defiantly hip nightclubs , Sunday  Lille Kongensgade 16 ; +45 53 668 228  , which boasts an in-house team of Thai transgender dancers and a mission to -- their words -- "  push the borders of wicked indecency . " Eating Enough about Noma , already . The seashore-foraging , micro-herb-arranging repeat winner of the best restaurant in the world crown is undeniably astounding . But the chances of getting a table are roughly the same as Portugal 's prospects of ever winning Eurovision  this year 's entrant , Suzy , was kicked out in the semi-finals , adding to half a century of failure  . Perhaps off limits too are various offshoots such as Amass , run by a former Noma head chef , or Bror , where the specialty is braised lamb 's head with whipped brain and stuffed eyeballs -- which sounds almost as tricky to digest as Latvia 's saccharine Eurovision entry . Danish restaurant Noma named the world 's best A better bet is smorrebrod , the traditional Danish open sandwiches that are escaping their lunchtime roots and entering the world of fine dining . Smorrebrod and 10 more new American sandwich heroes Many of the better known outlets tend to be booked up , but you can try Dyrehaven  Sonder Boulevard 72  off Vesterbro in the city center , which does n't take reservations and attracts a fashionable crowd . For more basic fare still , there 's always Copenhagen 's many and famous hot dog stands . Harry 's Place  Nordre Fasanvej 269  is a little ways outside the center , but locals make the trip for both the sausages and the trademark chili sauce , known as krudt -- the Danish word for gunpowder . Same-sex marriage Not for everyone , obviously , and arguably a little hard to arrange on a night out . Nevertheless , this is one of the Eurovision-based attractions promoted by Copenhagen officials . Throughout the Eurovision weekend the city is encouraging any couples to tie the knot . Ceremonies can be held on a specially arranged "  wedding boat " cruising the harbor . The marriages are intended to mark both the 25th anniversary of same-sex civil partnerships in Denmark -- the first country in the world to permit them -- and Eurovision 's open-minded reputation . With its focus on flamboyant acts and tight sequined outfits , the contest has always had a decidedly camp air , a reputation sealed when Dana International , an Israeli transgender woman , won in 1998 . Her mantle has been passed this year to Austria 's entrant , Conchita Wurst , the bearded drag alter ego of singer Tom Neuwirth . Cycling Something of a Danish cliche , perhaps -- the city has one of the highest rates of bike use in the world -- but stick with us , because Eurovision 2014 needs all the environmental help it can get . Most bike-friendly cities in the United States This year 's event had proudly branded itself the greenest contest ever -- until newspapers discovered electricity for the venue itself is being provided by 26 very large , very smelly diesel generators . Contestants can pedal serenely away from the fumes , and the humiliation of being beaten by Malta 's Mumford and Sons-lite entry , Firelight , on Copenhagen 's famous network of segregated bike lanes . Organizers are laying on fleets of bikes for Eurovision use , and the city is littered with rental shops .  Rent A Bike Copenhagen , Adelgade 11 ; +45 32 12 50 50 and Gasværksvej 5 ; +45 50 32 11 00  . For those feeling particularly homesick -- or humiliated -- the city 's airport , only about six miles from the center , is connected by yet more of those ubiquitous bike lanes . The Little Mermaid While arguably the most iconic symbol of Copenhagen , the bronze statue of Hans Christian Andersen 's famous fairy tale character is underwhelming in real life , standing little more than a meter tall . Five places to find mermaids Her harbor-side location , however , is restful -- the perfect place to sit and contemplate what might have been had the seams on the lead dancer 's costume held together a little longer . It 's a place to consider also that even if Copenhagen 's attractions are n't enough , things could have been much , much more sedate . The capital won its bid to host the event against a series of notably smaller Danish locations . Among them was Herning , a city on Denmark 's Jutland peninsula whose tourist information board lists "  libraries " as among the chief attractions .	This year 's annual Eurovision song contest is being held in Copenhagen The Danish capital is increasingly famed for its nightlife Denmark is celebrating the 25th anniversary of legal same-sex civil partnerships . It was first country to permit them
Angry Netflix mobs are n't putting away the pitchforks yet . The company said Monday that it would kill its spinoff , Qwikster , only a month after it was announced . That did little to placate consumers who are still fuming about price increases the company announced in July and who are starting to see Netflix as a once-innovative service that 's lost its way . "  Netflix does more flip-flopping than a fish on a hot dock , " a Twitter user named Steve Harrison wrote . "  Netflix 's approval rating is so low right now it could run for president , " @jokesbyCandice said . "  I do n't think this fixes anything , " said Ann Marie Blodgett , a 37-year-old in Utah . "  This will make people realize how right they were to leave them . Now they 're just back-pedaling . " "  I do n't feel the need to go back when they 've already made too many changes too fast , " said Adam Britten , a 21-year-old in London . The company 's public relations nightmare began in July , when Netflix announced that it would stop offering free streaming video services to households that paid for its DVD-by-mail service . That raised monthly prices by 60 % for some customers , without any improvement in the service . Then Netflix said in September that it was splitting its DVD and streaming services into two companies : Qwikster and Netflix . That incensed some already-angry customers , since they now would have to deal with two corporations instead of one . And , finally , on Monday the company pulled a 180-degree-turn . "  It is clear that for many of our members two websites would make things more difficult , so we are going to keep Netflix as one place to go for streaming and DVDs , " CEO Reed Hastings said in a blog post . "  This means no change : one website , one account , one password ... in other words , no Qwikster . " Actually , that puts Netflix back at square two -- before the Qwikster fiasco , but with price hikes . Since all of the whiplash changes started , Netflix has lost an estimated 1 million customers -- possibly more . An earnings call on October 24 is expected to reveal details about how Monday 's changes affected the company 's customer base . It 's clear investors do n't like all this back-and-forth . The company 's stock closed down nearly 5 % by the end of Monday . Since mid-July , it 's fallen about 60 % . Not all consumer reaction to Netflix 's decision to kill Qwikster was negative , however . Kyle Wegner , a 26-year-old in Fayetteville , Arkansas , said he was going to quit the service until he heard about Monday 's announcement . "  It 's the right move , not only because of the silly name of Qwikster , but it was just going to be such a huge pain to manage two separate companies that were doing the same thing , " he said . "  Nobody wants to have to manage two different queues and pay two different bills for something that we 're doing all together now . " The company does seem to have lost its way , he said . "  They 're being really reactionary at this point , and that 's not very comforting . " Others cut the company a bit more slack . "  As long as Netflix continues to function for a reasonable price I do n't have reason 2 abandon it , " a Twitter user named @Nitesh_Arora wrote . "  Wish they 'd focus though . "	Netflix customers not happy about whiplash decisions On Monday , Netflix killed its sister company , Qwikster Move is designed to be more convenient for consumers But recent history of PR disasters leaves customers fuming , stocks down
EW.com  -- Maria Bello will star in a Lifetime movie adaptation of Stephen King 's horror novella "  Big Driver . " The movie will also star Olympia Dukakis , Grammy nominee Joan Jett , and Will Harris  "  Sky High "  . This project is the first collaboration between King and Lifetime . First published as a novella within King 's acclaimed 2010 collection "  Full Dark , No Stars "  an excerpt of which was published in EW  , the story follows Tess Thorne  Bello  , a mystery and thriller writer who gets stranded while driving at night in New England and then repeatedly assaulted by the man who rescues her . Thorne , left for dead with the bodies of her rescuer 's murder victims , manages to get home safely , but finds herself obsessed with exacting revenge . Dukakis will play a character named Doreen , while Jett will play one named Betsy Neal . "  Big Driver " will premiere this fall . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It will be an adaptation of King 's horror novella "  Big Driver " Olympia Dukakis and Joan Jett will also star Story follows a mystery and thriller writer who gets stranded
Six people died after the tourist ferry they were traveling on capsized near a Thai beach resort , authorities said . The double-decker ferry was overcrowded when it tipped over Sunday afternoon between the popular resort of Pattaya and Koh Lan , an island off the coast , said Lt. Wuttipon Trakulviratikul , a Pattaya police official . Three of the dead were Thai , two were Russian and one was from Hong Kong , Wuttipon said , adding that 12 others were injured , five of them foreigners . He said police were yet to confirm the total number of people on board the ferry , although it was estimated to be around 100 . In February : 2 dead , 15 missing after ferry capsizes in Philippines	Those killed include two Russians and one person from Hong Kong The ferry capsized between the popular resort of Pattaya and a nearby island Twelve people were injured , authorities said
CNN  -- The men accused in the gang rape and killing of a 23-year-old Indian woman were formally charged with murder , rape and kidnapping in a New Delhi court Thursday , a senior police official said . The attack on the woman , who died from her severe injuries last week , has appalled and enraged many Indians , prompting widespread debate over the way the country handles sexual assaults and the treatment of women in Indian society . Numerous protests have taken place , new laws have been proposed and senior lawyers in the court district where the accused men have been charged say they will not represent them . Police submitted charges against five suspects before a new fast-track court in Saket , a southern district of New Delhi , said Suman Nalwa , deputy police commissioner of a special unit for women and children . He said authorities were waiting for the outcome of a bone marrow test before deciding whether a sixth suspect in the attack , believed to be a minor , will be charged as a juvenile or an adult . ` She could have been me ' : Action urged after Delhi gang rape case The results of the test , intended to determine the suspect 's exact age , should come soon , Nalwa said . The trial will begin this week once all the evidence is gathered , he said . As well as counts of murder , kidnapping and rape , the men face charges including voluntarily causing harm during a robbery , armed robbery with murder , and destruction of evidence . If convicted , several of the offenses are punishable by death or life imprisonment . The victim , whose name has not been released , died Saturday in a Singapore hospital , where she received treatment after being airlifted from New Delhi . The men are accused of assaulting the woman and her male companion on a bus in the Indian capital on December 16 , robbing them of their belongings before dumping them at the side of a road , police said . The male companion was eventually discharged from a local hospital . iReport : ` I 'm ashamed as a man ' Protests , which have been taking place every day since the woman 's death , continued Thursday in New Delhi . Authorities plan to seek the death penalty for the accused , CNN affiliate IBN reported , with many calls for the men to be hanged , including from the victim 's family . If the sixth accused is confirmed to be a minor , he could be sent to a children 's home for a maximum of three years , according to IBN . The 11 lawyers who make up the executive board of the Saket Bar Association on Wednesday vowed not to represent any of the accused assailants because of the nature of the crime . In addition , the bar association has appealed to its 7,000 members also to refrain from representing the accused , said the association 's president , Rajpal Kasana . "  We are not taking this case on the grounds of humanity , " he said . The boycott by the bar association does not mean the accused will not have lawyers . Attorneys from other districts or ones appointed by the court will likely fill that role . Opinion : End culture of rape in 2013 The call for local lawyers to avoid defending the accused is unprecedented , but justified because "  everyone is emotionally attached to this case , " Kasana said . Lawmakers are weighing a proposal to toughen the country 's anti-rape law . Some have suggested a new law should be named after the woman , while others have said it 's illegal to reveal her identity . The victim 's father told IBN that he supported naming a new law after his daughter . "  All I ask is that the law is the toughest it can be , " he said . "  The death penalty is compulsory for a crime so grave the assailants must be hanged . The courts must give these men the death penalty . " Misogyny in India : We are all guilty CNN iReporter Meera Vijayann , a consultant for a non-governmental organization from Bangalore , India , said sexual harassment is a daily problem for women -- but it was the horrific nature of the New Delhi attack and the brazenness of the alleged perpetrators that frightened so many people . Despite calls for harsher punishments for those who carry out such crimes , Vijayann feels only a change in attitudes and culture will truly bring about change . "  There is a sexist mindset , politicians have made silly remarks about women and how they should wear modest clothes , not go to parties ... if they make the laws how will it benefit us ? " she asked . "  People have to change the way they think . " India 's Supreme Court will hear a petition Thursday asking it to suspend all lawmakers who face charges for crimes against women . The petition was filed in the aftermath of the brutal gang rape , which sent thousands of outraged protesters to the streets for days . "  This unfortunate episode has galvanized the nation , " said Jagdeep S. Chhokar , an official with the Association for Democratic Reforms , which tracks political candidates ' criminal records . Chhokar said six Indian state lawmakers are facing rape charges in unrelated cases , and two people in the federal parliament are also facing charges of crimes against women that fall short of rape . The group says that in the past five years , political parties across India have nominated 260 candidates facing charges of crimes against women such as assault and outraging the modesty of a woman . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong , Aliza Kassim from Atlanta , and Sarah Brown contributed to this report from London .	Police file charges against the accused men in a New Delhi court They are alleged to have raped a woman on a bus , leaving her with fatal injuries The victim 's father says he supports naming a tougher anti-rape law after her Bar association leaders in the district where it happened urge lawyers not to take defendants ' case
Darrington , Washington  CNN  -- Pastor Gary Ray stood before his congregation Sunday , prepared for people to shake their fists at God . Such reactions in the only church in Oso , Washington , would have been entirely appropriate . After all , it was in this rural community -- between Arlington and Darrington , along State Route 530 -- that a mudslide last weekend ravaged the landscape , swallowing homes , killing at least 21 and leaving 30 still missing . Not a soul in the room , where the pastor guessed 115 gathered , had gone untouched by the horror that rocked their quiet world . Instead , amid the fear , the unknown and the hurt , the pastor of Oso Community Chapel was surprised by what people shared . "  I was expecting someone to say , ' I lost my brother or I lost my house and I 'm angry ' -- and that would have been OK , " he said by phone Sunday . "  But today what we heard was , ' I was in trouble and a stranger stopped and helped me . ' " That looking out for each other , the coming together , is just one example of the good that can appear around the corner when tragedy strikes , he said . "  People say in times of disaster , it brings out the best and the worst in people . But I 'm just seeing the best , " he said . "  I 'm seeing patience and sacrifice . Character is being developed . I do n't know what the future holds , but I do hope for some unexpected blessings . " He 's not alone . "  We are hoping for a miracle , " Washington Gov. Jay Inslee told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  We are going to do everything we can to look for that miracle and care for these  affected  families . " The number of people unaccounted for after the March 22 landslide dropped Saturday to 30 from 90 , officials said . In addition to the 21 confirmed fatalities , another four bodies have been discovered in the debris field , Jason Biermann , a program manager for the Snohomish County Department of Emergency Management , said Sunday evening at a news conference . Inslee said officials would be in an active rescue mode as long as there was any possibility of finding survivors . The governor pointed to the deep grief the community feels , but said it also is very resilient and that he is amazed by acts of courage and inspiration by the people involved in search efforts . "  These people are showing some courage and resolution and they are hanging together too , " he told CNN . "  This is a place that is pretty tough . " Inslee said the conditions searchers face are extremely difficult . Sometimes it takes five minutes just to go 50 feet , he said . Emergency management officials had said all week they expected the number of people unaccounted for would drop dramatically as residents of Darrington and nearby Oso turned up . "  We expected that number to drop in part due to a combination of finding people who registered as safe and well , and cross-referencing the list with confirmed identities of victims at the  medical examiner 's  office , " Biermann said . Biermann said the challenge of identifying victims is becoming more complicated as search operations continue . "  The slide hit with such force that the rescuers are not finding full , intact bodies , " he said . Volunteers are also collecting family mementos from the debris so they can be cleaned and returned to their owners . Residents unite to help victims Remembering the dead On Saturday , residents and rescuers paused in the rain at 10:37 a.m. , the exact time when a landslide forever changed their world a week earlier . That 's when the mountain-size torrent of mud swept over a mile , knocking over homes and trees . In Saturday 's moment of silence , officials eulogized the rural residents who lost their lives inside their homes or on the road when the hillside collapsed , after a month of ground-soaking rain , and obliterated everything in its path . "  Our community is changed forevermore , " Darrington Mayor Dan Rankin told 40 people outside the fire station , where the flag fluttered at half-staff . "  It 's going to take a long time to heal . " Indeed , even rescue crews at the disaster zone stopped work in the mud and observed the short vigil , said Steve Mason , a Snohomish County fire battalion chief . Dogs join search Meanwhile , rescuers brought in more dogs -- both rescue and cadaver canines -- last week to search for buried survivors or bodies . Many of those dogs were rested on Sunday . Noting the stark reality of the ongoing search , Rankin said that Saturday 's standstill of 30 seconds "  is all the rest we 're going to get . " "  In our minds , we are in recovery mode . In our hearts , we are still in rescue mode , " he added . At groceries , pharmacies and community centers in Snohomish County , residents stopped what they were doing and held the momentary vigil on a gray day that obscured the mountaintops . About eight miles down the North Fork of the Stillaguamish River from Oso -- where the landslide occurred -- a store cashier bowed his head in silence . Outside his Food Pavilion store in Arlington , shoppers also stopped , huddled around a cart , and looked solemnly at the ground . After 20 seconds of silence , the shopping resumed . Back at Darrington , about 15 miles from Oso , residents used Saturday 's solemnity to recall what they were doing when the massive hillside came crashing down . Rankin was at a hardware store to buy screws for a weekend project . Then the credit card machines went down . Then came word of the landslide , with a home in its path . Pastor Michael De Luca was having coffee with the local barber in his shop at the time . "  A woman came through the door and asked for a cell phone . She wanted to make a call . She said , ' I was following a car and a slide pushed it off the road , ' " De Luca recounted . That 's how locals began to learn of the catastrophe 60 miles northeast of Seattle . Watching the water and weather While rescuers labored in the rain and slogged through mud Saturday and Sunday , officials said they were concerned about flooding in the nearby waterway . Kris Rietmann , a spokeswoman for the state Department of Transportation who gave updates Sunday on the effort on the eastern side of the slide , said the river had risen about 1 foot over the weekend . And , she said , a secondary road to the mudslide area was constructed to offer safer access for search crews . Meanwhile , ponds , too large to drain , formed in the debris field , said Biermann of the Snohomish County Emergency Management Service . The wet conditions have only made a difficult task that much harder . A break from the wet conditions , though , may finally be in the forecast . Mostly sunny skies are predicted in the days ahead . How to help CNN 's Chelsea Carter , Dan Simon , Linda Hall and Paul Vercammen contributed from Washington state . Michael Martinez , Greg Botelho , Matt Smith , Mariano Castillo , Gabe Ramirez , Ana Cabrera and Jason Hanna also contributed to this report . Steve Almasy and Jessica Ravitz in Atlanta reported and wrote .	Death toll up to 21 ; 30 remain missing Pastor in rural Washington shares reflections from Sunday service Washington governor tells CNN that searchers still hope to find survivors Locals recall what they were doing when the landslide struck on March 22
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A stolen Statue of Liberty replica has resurfaced in a disturbing video posted on YouTube that shows someone decapitating the blindfolded lady and smashing her head into pieces . The YouTube video shows a gloved hand sawing off Lady Liberty 's head before smashing it . The 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop , a coffee shop in Brooklyn . "  It 's very disturbing , " shop operator Debi Ryan told CNN , adding the video struck a chord similar to that of terrorist assassination videos . "  I do n't know what it means . ... I do n't know who would do this . " The YouTube video begins with a waving American flag , and then shows a gloved hand sawing off the head of the statue before crushing it . The slogans "  We do n't want your freedom " and "  Death to America " flash across the screen during the one-minute video , which is dated July Fourth . It was anonymously e-mailed to the Daily News and Ryan earlier this week . Ryan said she 's sure the statue in the video is the one stolen from her cafe . "  She 's unique . I know my girl , " she said of the statue . "  We just had her completely refurbished , outfitted with a solar torch and painted . " Authorities told CNN they are handling the case as a larceny rather than separately investigating the YouTube video . "  We want to verify who sent the e-mail with the video and see if they 're responsible , " police said . A sign on the store , located in Ditmas Park , reads , "  Books , Coffee , Democracy , " near where the 8-foot replica of Lady Liberty used to stand outside . The self-described community coffee shop is also a bookstore and a spot for artists and performers . "  We 've created a space here that 's owned by the community , " Ryan said . "  We 're all about freedom of speech and freedom to be who you are and say whatever you think . " But Ryan does n't consider the YouTube video featuring her stolen statue appropriate free speech . "  Vox Pop stands for freedom of speech . You do n't get to steal somebody else 's property to send that message . We have to respect each other , " she said . Although the coffee shop recently faced economic problems and neighborhood tension , the motive behind the statue 's theft remains unknown . As for whether there will be a replacement statue , Ryan said , "  I 'm hoping . I think she belongs here . But she added , "  Whether we have a physical statue or not , what she stands for remains here . "	Video shows Statue of Liberty replica blindfolded before it 's decapitated , smashed 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop coffee shop Slogans "  We do n't want your freedom , " "  Death to America " flash across screen Cops say they are handling case as larceny
AOL AUTOS  -- I remember driving in eastern Pennsylvania one winter following my brother home on an hour-long trip . It had snowed earlier that morning , and by the time we got on the road the plows still had n't reached the back roads we were on . I was driving a front-wheel drive Acura Integra with all-season tires while he had a 4WD Grand Cherokee with the proper tires for the road conditions . The idea was that he 'd plow me a path to drive through as best as he could . We were just asking for something to go wrong . Not even a half hour into the drive home , I came around a corner too fast , briefly lost control and steered myself right into the front yard of a farmhouse . Luckily I did n't hurt myself or anyone else , but that day I learned what it meant not to have proper traction for the road conditions . Recently , I talked with Woody Rogers from The Tire Rack to learn about the differences between all-season tires and winter tires along with the basics to consider when purchasing a set of tires designed for the harsh winter conditions . All-Season vs. Winter Tires Rogers explained that all-season tires are a jack-of-all-trades but master of none . "  All-season tires are n't really tuned for any one area , and suffer from not being optimum for any one area because it is compromised to be capable in all areas , " he said . He explained that winter tires  they 're just not for the snow  focus their attention on the exact conditions you 'll most likely be facing during the winter season . "  They key of a true winter tire 's capability is that you have a specialist , he said . "  A product that is designed to work the best in the cooler winter season temperatures , say below 45 degrees , a tread pattern and tread compound that are designed to take bites out of the snow and work well on packed snow and ice ; something that an all-season tired just is n't optimized to do . " He explained that today 's winter tires have come a long way : "  They go beyond the deep aggressive lug ` snow ' tire that many of our parents put on the back of family station wagon . " Rogers said today 's winter tires are available for certain conditions or are ideal for a particular region of the county . It 's best to determine what conditions you 'll be driving in and then determine the type of winter tire you will need . Rogers said it 's a good idea to talk with a local retailer or do some personal investigating to choose which tire has the right characteristics for your location . "  The typical image -LSB- of a snow tire -RSB- is that very aggressive , knobby zig-zag tread pattern that is n't far removed from the farm implement tire or a piece of off road construction equipment tire , " he said . "  No longer is that loud knobby , gnarly off-road style tread pattern required to provide good traction on snow , slush and ice . " What to Look For When Buying When looking for true winter tire , Rogers recommends using the Canadian and American Rubber Manufacturer 's standard symbol of the snowflake-on-the-mountain . Only tires that are tested in packed snow and exceed other reference tires by 10 % are given the industry standard symbol . The presence of that symbol is typically a good indication of a true winter tire . Some tires barely meet the requirement and still have the symbol . Rogers said it 's best to look for dedicated winter tires in addition to looking for the snowflake symbol . "  The industry really intended that symbol to be a merit badge for true winter tires , not for a multi purpose or multi use tires like on - / off-road all terrain or highway all-season , " he said . "  I do n't think we 're going to see many more or many new non-winter tires coming out with the snowflake-on-the - mountain symbol . " He said presently there 's no comparison between a winter tire with the snowflake symbol and an-all season tire without one . "  The symbol does n't distinguish between the two , not yet , " he said . "  The industry is talking about some type of grading scale . We 're encouraging them to have multiple snowflakes or a 1-2-3 scale . Something that gives the consumer a real idea of how good a winter performer the tire really is . " Traction Control , All-Wheel Drive and SUVs It seems as if there are more all-wheel drive cars and SUVs than ever , and even if you do n't have those features , an increasing number of cars have some sort of traction control . So why the need for winter tires when our cars can do so much work for us ? "  The winter tire really helps you get the most out of those safety features that are built into your car , " Rogers said . "  These electronic systems are only as capable as the traction that 's provided to them by the tires , because the tires are the only thing connected to the ground . " He said the all-wheel drive capability gives SUV owners driving on all-season tires a false sense of security . While they 'll be able to accelerate better than 2WD vehicles in wintry conditions , they do n't have an advantage when it comes to stopping or turning in those conditions . "  Ultimately , how quickly you can stop or how sharply you can turn on the snow or on the ice is determined by the grip that your tires provide , " Rogers noted . Rogers uses snow tires on both his 2WD Toyota pickup and his Mini Cooper S and says that he can accelerate better with his two-wheel drive vehicles with snow tires than 4WD SUVs with all season tires . "  And I know I can stop better than they can , and turn better than they can , " he added . Two Tires or Four ? Rogers recommends putting four winter tires on your vehicle , even if your vehicle is two-wheel drive . "  Today 's tires offer significant traction on snow and on ice , more than even good all season tires do , " he said . "  And , because of that , our testing has shown and the industry testing has shown that the mix of two winter tires and two all season tires is a very dangerous combination . It may seem like you are spending an extra few hundred dollars to buy two more tires , but I can assure you it 's less than the deductible on your insurance once you have a wreck . " He has a separate set of tires for most of his family cars so that he can change them over easily in his own garage before a snowstorm comes . If you 're considering purchasing a set of winter tires and rims , Rogers said that Tire Rack and other retailers generally will do the tire and wheel mount and balance for no additional cost when you purchase certain packages . "  Once you drive in the snow on a modern winter tire , you 'll never want to do anything else . I find that 's it 's much more like driving in the rain than driving in the snow , " Rogers said . "  I 'm no longer clenching the wheel , holding on and hoping , I just drive around . The difference is stunning , when you 're driving in 3-6 inches of snow and they have n't plowed the roads , you just go . And that 's even in a two wheel drive vehicle , " he said . "  When you drive an all wheel drive or SUV with winter tires , it 's virtually unstoppable . " E-mail to a friend	Snow tires really are better than all-season tires in snowy areas All-wheel drive can give SUV owners false sense of security Get snow tires for all four wheels , even if car is two-wheel drive
Kaiser Health News  -- A decade ago , almost all doctors kept paper charts on every patient . That is changing quickly as laptops become as common as stethoscopes in exam rooms . Recent hacking attacks have raised questions about how safe that data may be . Here are some frequently asked questions about this evolution underway in American medicine , and the government programs sparking the change . Are my medical records stored electronically ? At least some of the information you share with your doctor or any hospital or clinic where you 've been treated is probably stored on a computer . It 's pretty common for most hospitals , clinics and doctors ' offices to digitally store your basic information including your name , address and insurance company , the same way many retailers do . It 's also likely that at least some information about your specific medical conditions is linked to that data . Health care providers have been using computers to help them get paid for decades . That means many computer-generated bills sent to you and/or your insurance company contain medical details like the conditions you were treated for , prescriptions and referrals to specialists . Where things are really changing quickly is in the use of electronic records for day-to-day patient care . Until recently , most doctors used paper charts to record information generated during patient visits . But the 2009 economic stimulus package offered doctors and hospitals tens of thousands of dollars to help buy computers and software designed to replace paper charts . Adoption was slow at first , but as of June most hospitals and close to half of all doctors in America report that they are using systems that qualify for those payments . Some are aggressively digitizing older records stored on paper ; others are not . Does the Affordable Care Act require doctors and hospitals to use electronic medical records ? No . The stimulus package , which pre-dates Obamacare , offers doctors , hospitals and some other health providers money to help them upgrade from paper to digital records , but the Affordable Care Act does not . Nor does it require digital record use . The health law does offer bonus payments to health care providers that can prove they 're more efficient and not unnecessarily duplicating tests and procedures . Electronic records make that easier . The ACA also includes penalties for those who fail to meet performance measures such as keeping people from returning to hospitals because they were n't treated properly the first time . More hospitals are starting to use electronic records to track patients , coordinate inpatient and post-hospital care and to record how well they 're performing in an effort to win bonuses and avoid penalties put in place by the ACA . If electronic medical records are so common , why ca n't I e-mail my doctor ? Some patients can . But concerns about privacy and payment mean many doctors would rather communicate with patients on the phone or face-to-face . Standard e-mail is n't secure enough to meet the standards of America 's umbrella medical privacy law , known as HIPAA . That 's why many doctors do n't communicate with patients via e-mail , and continue to send prescriptions and referrals via fax . Some electronic records systems offer secure "  patient portals " that allow patients and doctors to communicate electronically . More doctors and hospitals will have to start offering this service if they want to qualify for the maximum amount of stimulus act payments for going digital . But not all insurance companies will pay doctors for the time they spend communicating electronically , so many require patients to schedule an office visit instead . How secure are my electronic medical records ? As more doctors and hospitals go digital with medical records , the size and frequency of data breaches are alarming privacy advocates and public health officials . Although health care providers face serious penalties if they allow patients ' electronic records to be breached , thieves also have tremendous incentives to get around protections because health records contain so much valuable information . Privacy experts argue the health industry has been slow to respond to such incidents by adopting the encryption techniques used for years by financial companies . In the recent breach of Community Health System , a hospital chain based in Franklin , Tennessee , Chinese hackers bypassed the hospitals ' security systems and stole personal data , including names , Social Security numbers and addresses of 4.5 million patients . Community Health said it would offer identity theft protection to affected patients and carried cyber insurance to mitigate some of its losses . This video from the federal Health and Human Services department 's Office of Civil Rights explains some of the protections currently in place , as does as this fact sheet . The Federal Trade Commission offers this advice on preventing identity theft and protecting digital personal information . Can emergency room doctors call up my electronic medical records if I 'm in an accident and unable to give them basic information ? Probably not . A major criticism of electronic medical records in America is that the companies that make them have financial incentives to keep them from being easily shared . It 's kind of like Windows versus Mac operating systems . Many companies are trying to win market share by creating software that does n't "  talk " to those made by other companies , so if a big hospital uses software from company X , then all the doctors that work with that hospital will have an incentive to buy that software , too . If you 're unconscious and an ambulance takes you to a hospital you 've been to before , they can probably call up their records if you 're carrying some kind of identification . But they may not be able to access pertinent information stored on other doctors or hospitals ' computers . Some states have good clearinghouses that allow health care providers to pull in all of a patient 's digital health files , but they 're still the exception at this point . Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation .	At least some of the info you share with your doctor is probably stored on a computer 2009 economic stimulus package gave money to health care industry for tech upgrades Obamacare does not require hospitals to use electronic medical records
CNN  -- A blockbuster movie could not have been scripted better : a woman whose unparalleled voice earned her the kind of single-name recognition that felt like an unbearable burden . Fitting , then , that superstar Kevin Costner should eulogize his co-star in this way . At Whitney Houston 's funeral Saturday , Costner recalled a woman who doubted herself when she need not have . He revealed how Houston was chosen to star with him in the 1992 movie "  the Bodyguard . " Few had confidence in Houston -- she had never acted before . A lot was riding on this role , he said , and the studio was unsure about giving it to a black woman . But Costner thought she was perfect , though she would have to prove it to the studio with a screen test . In her trailer , he took her nervous hands in his ; told her she looked beautiful . "  I could still feel the doubt , " he said . She asked for some time and after 20 minutes appeared for the screen test . "  We had n't said four lines when we had to stop , " Costner recalled . "  I needed to know what she had done in those 20 minutes . " He stood her in front of a mirror , her makeup running down her face . In those 20 minutes , she had wiped off the studio makeup and applied her own , the thick heavy kind she wore for her music videos , the kind that melted under the heat of studio lights . She did n't think the lighter makeup made her look good enough . To Costner , Houston seemed so small and sad at that moment . "  You were n't just pretty . You were as beautiful as a woman could be , " Costner said in front of a packed Newark church . "  Whitney , if you could hear me now , I would tell you : You were n't just good enough . You were great . You sang the whole damn song without a band . " Costner , of course , was referring to Houston 's signature song : "  I Will Always Love You " from "  The Bodyguard . " "  A lot of leading men could have played my part , but you , Whitney , I truly believe , you were the only one who could have played Rachel Marin . " For her closest friends inside that church Saturday , and strangers who continue to draw inspiration from her voice , Costner 's words hit a painfully honest note about human frailty . "  It was the burden that made her great and the part that caused her to stumble again , " he said . Years after "  The Bodyguard " hit theaters , reports of Houston 's struggles with drug addiction and a rocky marriage with Bobby Brown surfaced and her album sales declined . "  The inexplicable burden that comes with fame , " Costner said . "  Call it doubt . Call it fear . I 've had mine . I know the famous in the room have had theirs . " Costner said Houston 's own story could help a new generation of young girls who dream big . "  Maybe they 're thinking they are n't good enough , " he said . "  I think Whitney would tell you : Guard your bodies . Guard the precious miracle of your life . Then sing your hearts out , knowing that there 's a lady in heaven who 's making God himself wonder how he created something so perfect . "  So off you go , Whitney . Off you go , " Costner said in closing . "  Escorted by an army of angels to your heavenly father . And when you sing before him , do n't you worry . You 'll be good enough . "	Costner recalls a woman who doubted herself He reveals how she was chosen to star in ` The Bodyguard ' ` You were as beautiful as a woman could be , ' he says He speaks about the burdens of fame
CNN  -- Young people are notorious for their political apathy , but activists hope a new online video will make them turn out to vote as much as they "  turn up " on Friday nights . The 3Â 1/2 - minute video features celebrities like Lil Jon , Lena Dunham and Whoopi Goldberg , some of whom are dancing to "  Turn Out For What , " a parody piggybacking off DJ Snake and Lil Jon 's 2013 single , "  Turn Down For What . " The comedic video highlights issues often important to young people like LGBT rights , student debt and climate change . "  There are over 130 million people that watched the ` Turn Down For What ' video on YouTube , and our goal is to make voting as popular as the song , " said Rock The Vote spokeswoman Audrey Gelman , noting that the single had broad appeal , earning top spots on dance , hip hop and pop charts . "  We love the idea of turning a party anthem into an anthem for civic engagement , " she said . Gelman acknowledged that voter turnout is "  always an uphill battle " during midterm elections when there are n't presidential candidates on the ballot , but said that a downtick is to be expected for all voters , not just the youngest cohort . In the video , each celebrity shared what issues they care about in an attempt to inspire younger voters to latch on . "  My name is Lil Lena , and I 'm turning out for reproductive rights , " said Dunham , who is also seen chatting with Lil Jon inside a voting booth . Others featured in the video had a more humorous take . Lil Jon said he 's "  turning out " for marijuana legalization before taking a toke from what looked like a massive joint . "  I 'm Fred and I 'm turning out because I want to impress my friends . That 's the only reason to ever do anything , " said actor and comedian Fred Armisen . The video was organized by Rock The Vote , a nonpartisan activist organization founded in 1990 working to "  mobilize the millennial voting bloc , " according to its website . Only 45 % of young people age 18-29 cast a ballot in 2012 , nearly 20 percentage points below the national average , according to the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning and Engagement . That same year , voters under 30 chose President Barack Obama over Mitt Romney by a substantial 23-point margin . Many of the celebrities in the video , including Dunham , Goldberg and Lil Jon have supported Obama in the past .	Celebrities like Lena Dunham and Lil Jon star in a new Rock The Vote Web video Spokeswoman says she hopes song becomes "  anthem for civic engagement " Whoopi Goldberg also appears in video
NEW YORK  CNN  -- As with many jokes , it started with a small jab at the expense of New Jersey . Talk show host Conan O'Brien is locked in a playful feud with the mayor of Newark , New Jersey . The gags continued Monday night when "  Tonight Show " host Conan O'Brien ventured into "  the biggest scandal in the country that 's now involving a late-night host . " O'Brien was , of course , referring to his continuing comical conflict with the city of Newark , New Jersey , and its mayor , Cory Booker . It all began on September 23 , when O'Brien , in his nightly comical spiel , joked that Booker 's plan to improve citizens ' health care in New Jersey 's largest city "  would consist of a bus ticket out of Newark . " The Internet-savvy mayor , who has more than 800,000 followers on Twitter , fired back on YouTube , stating that O'Brien is no longer welcome at Newark International Airport . "  I 'm officially putting you on the Newark , NJ , no fly list -- try JFK , buddy , " Booker quipped . That video has since amassed more than 119,000 hits on YouTube . The verbal melee did n't stop there . Watch the jousting escalate " O'Brien retaliated by sarcastically stating that Newark is "  one of America 's greatest cities , " and proceeded to pair its "  thriving arts scene " with an image of a graffiti-ridden wall and its "  exciting regional cuisine " with a Dunkin Donuts sign . He then banned Booker from an airport in Burbank , California , near Los Angeles . On October 1 , Booker , claiming solidarity with all New Jersey 's mayors , retorted by posting another YouTube video outlawing O'Brien from the entire state . "  Now listen , you may like Boardwalk and Park Place , but the only way you 're going to get to them is on a Monopoly board , " the mayor said . O'Brien , forced to pull out the big guns , Friday banished the mayor from California entirely . In his latest barb on Monday , O'Brien revealed that the mayor of a neighboring New Jersey city , Elizabeth , had sent him a letter welcoming him "  with open arms to Elizabeth . " Mayor Chris Bollwage claims that Newark airport 's Terminal A actually lies within his municipality and he intends to rename it the Conan O'Brien Terminal if and when the talk show host ever decides to visit . O'Brien then launched a "  campaign to surround and crush " Newark and the "  drunk on power " Mayor Booker by making courteous tongue-in-cheek overtures to other adjacent towns , forming a "  geographic toilet seat around the city of Newark . " The charismatic Booker , widely popular in a state often plagued by corrupt politicians , was elected in 2006 . He has promoted a sense of urban renewal in Newark , New Jersey 's largest city , which has suffered high crime and poverty rates over the past few decades . Booker 's office had no statement available early this week regarding the newest swipe at his city . The humorous altercation illustrates a recent shift in the media landscape . "  The Tonight Show , " catering to a traditional broadcast audience , now competes with the Web 's constantly streaming flow of viral videos , which are popular amongst O'Brien 's target audience . What will become of the sparring remains to be seen . While O'Brien did invite Booker to be a guest on "  The Tonight Show " and the mayor extended O'Brien an invitation to Newark , such visits could pose a problem , seeing as how each is banned from the other 's state . "  I think we have to meet in neutral territory " O'Brien said on Friday 's show . "  I think we 're going to meet in Lebanon , Kansas . " That community is often billed as the geographical center of the 48 contiguous states . On Friday , the dispute was widened by Joe Territo , content director for NJ.com , a Web site affiliated with 13 major New Jersey newspapers . Territo declared through an article on the site that O'Brien is barred from using NJ.com because of his anti-Jersey sentiments . "  Perhaps O'Brien has never been to NJ.com , and perhaps he has never been interested in visiting NJ.com , " Territo wrote . "  Given the nature of forbidden fruit , no doubt he wants to use NJ.com now , and he can not , for he is banned . " "  We 're hitting Conan hard , and where it hurts most : Right smack in the Internet , " he said . On Monday 's show O'Brien wrapped up his latest Newark segment , but not the feud , by declaring , "  It 's your move , Mayor Booker . "	Conan O'Brien has been trading barbs with the mayor of Newark , New Jersey The "  feud " began after the comic joked the mayor 's health care plan Mayor Cory Booker then "  banned " the "  Tonight Show " host from Newark airport Conan : "  It 's your move , Mayor Booker "
CNN  -- Two male nurses face murder charges in Uruguay after reportedly admitting to killing at least 16 patients in two hospitals in the country 's capital . One of the men has been charged with five aggravated homicides , while the other has been charged with 11 aggravated homicides , Judge Rolando Vomero said in an interview Sunday with CNN affiliate Teledoce , noting that the two men appeared to have acted independently of each other . Authorities are also charging a woman as being an accomplice in one of the killings , he said . According to the authorities , the two male nurses , ages 39 and 46 , both said they killed the patients because they did not want to see them suffer . "  My client is fully conscious of his actions . He fully confessed in front of the judge  and  prosecutor , and his defense is that he did it out of mercy , " said attorney Ines Massiotti . The nurses wanted to relieve patients ' pain , attorney Santiago Clavijo said . "  It was n't a vicious operation in the spirit of death , " he told reporters . But apparently not all those killed were terminally ill . One patient had their discharge order signed one day before his death , said Interior Minister Eduardo Bonomi . The killings took place at the hospitals of Maciel and La Espanola in Montevideo . One of the men worked in the neurosurgery department at La Espanola ; the other worked in that same department , as well as in the cardiology ward at Maciel . The police had been investigating suspicious deaths of patients at the hospitals for weeks after a tip from a worker at Maciel . A recent death prompted the police to accelerate proceedings and provided them with enough evidence to make the arrests , Bonomi said . Authorities say they believe the nurses killed the patients either by administering a morphine overdose or by injecting air bubbles into their blood stream . The government has set up an office to provide support to the families of the victims , said Health Minister Jorge Venegas . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : The two male nurses wanted to relieve patients ' pain , an attorney says They admitted to killing patients at Uruguayan hospitals , a judge says A woman has been charged with being an accomplice in one of the killings One patient died a day after his discharge order was signed , an official says
CNN  -- "  Get yourself together . " Mary Williams repeated those three words often to her 28-year-old daughter , who served three years in a Kansas prison for a 1988 armed robbery . Donnie Belcher , 7 , visits her mother , Wanda Taylor , at Lansing Correctional Facility in Kansas in 1991 . Williams never judged her daughter , Wanda Taylor , for the crime or the crack cocaine addiction that fueled it . There was no need to pick at the past . Instead , Williams looked to the future . The future was her granddaughter , Donnie Belcher , a shy 4-year-old girl with curly hair who cried inconsolably from behind the glass the first time she visited her mother in jail . The little girl 's mother was locked up for three years , leaving her in the care of her grandmother . "  It was hard on me , " said Belcher , now 25 . "  I never wanted to leave my mother . " Belcher defied the odds , growing up straight as an arrow despite having a mother in prison . Her childhood was part of a national trend . The incarceration rates for U.S. mothers began to surge in the 1980s , fueled by the crack cocaine epidemic and tougher mandatory sentencing laws , experts said . A recent study by the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics found the number of incarcerated mothers rose 131 percent from 1991 to 2007 , while the number of fathers in prison increased 77 percent during the same period . According to the Sentencing Project , a Washington-based nonprofit , about 1.7 million children have a parent in prison . "  We should be alarmed , " said Georgia Lerner , executive director at the Women 's Prison Association , a national nonprofit working with incarcerated women . "  Even when children have seen their mothers get arrested , they still want to be with their parents , " Lerner said . "  They still love their mothers and want to be together . " While some critics argue that criminals make poor parents , experts said there is no doubt that separation from a parent , particularly a mother , affects a child 's psychological development . When a father is imprisoned , the mother typically cares for the children , said Danielle Dallaire , a psychology professor at the College of William and Mary . But her research shows that when a mother is incarcerated , the father often plays no role in raising the children left behind . Federal statistics show children are five times more likely to end up in foster care when a mother is sent to prison than when a father is imprisoned . Read the Federal Report Belcher 's grandmother , Williams , stepped in because she did n't want the child in foster care . The girl 's father was not in the picture . For three years , Williams , a single mother herself , drove her granddaughter twice a month to see her mother . They never missed a visit , despite having to travel to several prisons across Kansas . After passing through the metal detectors and being frisked by security officers , the girl showed off the A 's she received from school or told her mother about which boy had cooties . Each visit lasted two hours . Belcher often asked , "  When will you come home ? " "  Soon , " her mother said . "  Soon . " Find out what Taylor and her family learned from her time in prison " A growing number of prisons are recognizing the need to preserve mother-child relationships . They have staffed nurseries and day care centers to keep families connected . Bedford Hills Correctional Facility , a maximum security women 's prison in New York , is host to an annual summer camp run by volunteers . At camp , children can play basketball and participate in other activities with their incarcerated mothers . In May , the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation is reuniting moms and dads with their children . The "  Get on the Bus " program provides 700 children with free rides to the prisons . The three years without Taylor were financially difficult for Williams , who was approaching retirement age . In her 50s at the time , she worked as a dental assistant to support her granddaughter . She poured all her time and effort into the quiet little girl . She packed her schedule with Girl Scouts and free summer camps , determined to make sure her granddaughter stayed out of trouble . "  Kids would tease me and say to me , ` Why is your mom so old ? ' " Belcher recalled . Belcher was elated on May 29 , 1991 , when her mother returned to their home in Kansas City , Missouri , after serving three years of an eight-year sentence . Taylor got sober and attained her GED behind bars . She returned to find her 7-year-old daughter blossoming into her polar opposite . The girl put her head into books and graced the honor roll regularly . She did n't rebel . "  I wanted to be everything my mother was n't , " Belcher said . "  I loved my mom , but I could n't do what she did . " "  I did it all , " said Taylor , now 48 . By 13 , she skipped school frequently to attend "  hooky parties " where she used drugs and alcohol . By 16 , she dropped out of high school . "  When you 're out there , you 're out there . " The years after Taylor 's release from prison also were tough on the mother-daughter relationship . As an adolescent , Belcher battled feelings of bitterness toward her mother and feared her mother would relapse . "  I felt angry , " Belcher said , and the anger only grew during her high school years . "  It was n't fair to me . Why did I have to have a mother like that ? " Belcher threw herself into academics and excelled . She knew that many children without parents often end up in trouble and behind bars themselves . She did n't want that for herself . "  She had a life where she could have just gave up , but she did n't do that , " said Williams , now 71 . "  She went straight ahead . " By 13 , she was writing poetry . By 16 , she was a track star at her high school and at the top of her class . She entered DePaul University in 2002 with nearly 50 scholarships . Belcher is a high school English teacher at Whitney M. Young Magnet High School , a college preparatory school that boasts alums like Michelle Obama . She has a cozy apartment in Chicago , Illinois -- her first home that is all her own . This summer , she will apply for grants to start her own nonprofit to help children of incarcerated parents stay out of trouble . Belcher said she admires her mother 's resilience . She watched her search tirelessly for a job , despite her felony record . She is proud of her mother , who worked her way up to become a successful child care operator for the state of Minnesota after years of working in factories and fast food restaurants . Today , her mother resides in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and her grandmother still lives in Kansas City , Missouri . "  You ca n't always control life 's circumstances , but you can control how you react to them , " Belcher said . Her mother and grandmother will visit Belcher this weekend to celebrate completion of her master 's degree -- and Mother 's Day .	Donnie Belcher 's mother was incarcerated when she was 4 Number of incarcerated mothers exploded 131 percent from 1991 to 2007 "  I wanted to be everything my mother was n't , " Belcher says More prisons are creating programs that preserve mother-child relationships
The Syrian government has warned protesters in the city of Homs to stop demonstrations , hand in weapons and surrender defecting military members by Monday night or face bombardment , an opposition leader said . A 72-hour warning was given Saturday , said Lt. Col. Mohamed Hamdo of the Free Syrian Army . Activists on the ground said the ultimatum was issued on Friday . The Syrian National Council , the country 's leading opposition movement , had warned earlier of a potential bloodbath at the hands of the Syrian regime in Homs . "  If the world continues to watch , then the massacre of Hama in the '80s will be repeated , " said Hamdo , referring to 1982 , when Syria 's military -- acting under orders from current President Bashar al-Assad 's father , Hafez al-Assad -- launched an assault on the city , killing thousands . Opposition : Anti-regime doctor killed The military has dug trenches around Homs , Hamdo said . "  There is no electricity , water , or communication whatsoever now and the communication breakdown has extended even closer to the Turkish border , " he said . The Syrian government denied reports of water and electricity being out in the city , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  . The government made no mention of the reported deadline on the news agency 's website Sunday morning . Opposition figures launched a nationwide anti-government strike Sunday , which they called the "  strike of dignity . " The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which gets information from people in different parts of the country , said people in Homs and neighboring towns widely joined the strike . "  All shops were closed on all main roads in the city , " the group said . Several videos posted on Youtube purported to show government loyalists breaking locks of shops that closed in support of Sunday 's anti-government strike . But on SANA , the Syrian government quoted people across the country as saying there was no strike and no sign of a strike . "  It was a normal trading day in markets throughout the Syrian provinces as people bought and sold consumer goods , vegetables , fruit and clothes as economic elements shrugged off all inflammatory tendentious calls by terrorist groups that are associated with foreigners , " the government insisted . Protesters attack employees at Syrian Embassy in Jordan As violence raged Sunday in parts of the country , the death toll reached 23 , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria  LCC  . Five of the dead were children , the group said . The toll includes six people in Hama ; six in Homs ; five in Idlib ; three in suburbs of Damascus , and three in Daraa , according to the LCC , a network of anti-regime activists in the country . One of the deaths in the Daraa area took place in Jasem , where a man was arrested and then returned to his family dead after about three hours , the LCC said . In the city of Aleppo , security forces burned down a factory in an industrial area that was participating in the strike , the LCC said . SANA , meanwhile , reported that the "  bodies of 13 martyrs from the army , security and police forces " were taken "  to their final resting place . " Four were from Homs . Authorities in Homs arrested "  armed men who tried to impose an obligatory sit-in " and who shot at people in cars and streets , SANA said . CNN can not independently confirm events because the Syrian government restricts access of international media to the country . The Syrian government said authorities in Idlib "  confronted members of an armed terrorist group " who were blocking a road and "  killed and injured a number of its members . " Authorities also chased another "  armed gang " and killed two of its members , SANA said . In Hama , Syria said , officials arrested "  a member of armed terrorist groups " who was trying to plant an explosive device near residential buildings . SANA said the military dismantled the bomb and no one was injured . Throughout the Syrian uprising , government officials have described some opposition fighters as armed terrorists and gang members . There were clashes Saturday in Khan Sheikhon , where authorities "  arrested a number of the terrorists and killed three of those groups ' prominent leaders , " SANA said in a report Sunday . In the city of Kfar Takharim , "  a number of the members of armed terrorist gangs were killed or injured in clashes with the authorities on Saturday evening , " SANA said , adding that one member of the authorities was killed and six others were injured . Fierce clashes were underway Sunday in the Daraa Province village of Busra al-Harir as Syrian troops battled defectors , leaving many people wounded , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Residents said members of Syria 's 12th Armored Brigade , which is based near the border with Jordan , "  stormed " Busra al-Harir . They said they heard explosions and heavy gunfire in the city and just north of it in Lujah , where defectors were believed to be hiding , the observatory said . Security forces in Idlib were using mosque speakers to threaten residents to end their strike and to force people to reopen businesses , the observatory said , citing eyewitnesses . The Arab League announced it will hold emergency meetings this week in Cairo . In a statement on Egypt 's state-run MENA news agency , an Arab League official said leaders will "  discuss the Arab response to a message from Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem to approve the signing of an agreement on an Arab League observing mission to Syria with conditions . " World leaders have widely condemned Syria 's crackdown and called on it to halt violence against the opposition . On Saturday , France expressed its concerns about events in Syria , and warned against Syria launching a military operation against the city of Homs and its population , the French Foreign Ministry said in a statement . Al-Assad 's regime has denied targeting peaceful protesters . The regime 's actions have outraged world powers and sparked sanctions by the Arab League , Turkey , the United States and the European Union . Israeli President Shimon Peres on Sunday described Syrian President al-Assad as a "  killer , " implicitly comparing him to Libya 's ousted ruler Moammar Gadhafi . "  The world decided -- including the Arab world -- to intervene when a leader is beginning to kill his own citizens , " Peres told CNN in an interview . "  It happened in Libya ; it 's happening in Yemen ; it 's happening by the Arab League , for the first time in their experience . They decided to put pressure on an Arab state because the leader is killing his people . " The United Nations said this month that more than 4,000 people have died in Syria since the crackdown began in mid-March . Protesters have been demanding the end of the al-Assad regime and democratic elections . Al-Assad has been in power since 2000 ; his father , Hafez , ruled Syria for three decades . Local elections are set to take place Monday for municipal posts . In its 2010 Human Rights Report about Syria , the U.S. State Department said Syria 's elections have not been fair in the past . "  Although the constitution provides the right for citizens to peacefully change their government through elections , in practice they did not have that right because elections were neither free nor fair , " the report said .	Residents of Homs widely participate in Sunday 's national strike , an opposition group says Syrian state media quotes people saying there is no strike 23 people were killed Sunday , an opposition group says Syria says it killed "  terrorists " in Idlib
The militant Islamist group Boko Haram has issued an ultimatum giving Christians living in northern Nigeria three days to leave the area amid a rising tide of violence there . A Boko Haram spokesman , Abul Qaqa , also said late Sunday that Boko Haram fighters are ready to confront soldiers sent to the area under a state of emergency declared in parts of four states by Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Saturday . "  We will confront them squarely to protect our brothers , " Abul Qaqa said during a telephone call with local media . He also called on Muslims living in southern Nigeria to "  come back to the north because we have evidence they will be attacked . " Recent weeks have seen an escalation in clashes between Boko Haram and security forces in the north-eastern states of Borno and Yobe , as well as attacks on churches and assassinations . Nearly 30 people were killed on Christmas Day at a Catholic church near the federal capital , Abuja -- a sign that Boko Haram is prepared to strike beyond its heartland . Human rights activist Shehu Sani told CNN that the latest Boko Haram threat is credible , but many Christians born and raised in the north have nowhere else to go . "  The killings will continue , " he said , and Boko Haram may respond to the state of emergency by taking its campaign of violence to areas not yet affected . Sani said the state of emergency and an enhanced presence of the security forces would not improve the situation , alleging that troops had already been involved in human rights abuses and had done little to reduce violence . Nigeria has almost equal numbers of Christian and Muslims , with the south predominantly Christian . Boko Haram and other Islamic groups claim the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the government of Jonathan , who is a Christian . Boko Haram  which according to the group means "  Western civilization is forbidden "  is demanding the imposition of Islamic sharia law across Nigeria . Christian leaders have demanded a stronger response to the attacks from the government and the Muslim community . Ayo Oritsejafor , head of the Christian Association of Nigeria , complained last week that the response of Islamic leaders had been "  unacceptable and an abdication of their responsibilities . " "  The Christian community is fast losing confidence in government 's ability to protect our rights , " Oritsejafor said . David Cook of Rice University , who has studied the rise of Boko Haram , said that "  if radical Muslim violence on a systematic level were to take hold in Nigeria ... it could eventually drive the country into a civil war . " Corruption , poverty and a lack of government services have helped Boko Haram gain support , especially among young Muslims out of work . So has a perception that the Muslim north has been marginalized by a political establishment drawn largely from the Christian south . Cook says the group has been responsible for at least 45 major attacks , which have included assassinations -- frequently using gunmen on motorbikes -- and , more recently , suicide bombings beyond its northern heartland . Beyond the security forces and Christian targets , it has assassinated Muslim clerics who oppose the group , and even killed a prominent Boko Haram member who had attended talks to explore a truce . Boko Haram 's presence in the city of Maiduguri has made it almost ungovernable , according to analysts . Its ability to inflict mass casualties has grown fast . In August , a suicide bomber struck the U.N. building in Abuja , killing 23 people . In November , some 150 people were killed in a series of bombings and shootings in Damaturu , capital of Yobe state . The commander of U.S. Africa Command , Gen. Carter Ham , has suggested Boko Haram may have developed links with other Islamic jihadist groups in the region , especially al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Sani agrees , and says Boko Haram 's leaders have established sanctuaries across the desert borders in Niger and Chad , out of reach of the Nigerian security forces . The former U.S. ambassador in Nigeria , John Campbell , says that Boko Haram is able to finance itself "  through bank robberies and is arming itself by thefts from government armories and purchases -- there is no shortage of weapons on the market . " Less than two months ago , President Jonathan described attacks by Boko Haram as a temporary setback , which would soon be a thing of the past . Now he appears to see the group as a lethal threat that demands the full attention of the security services . But since Yusuf 's death , Boko Haram has had no obvious leader or structure , and appears to act as loosely connected cells . And it is feeding on deep-seated grievances that the government seems unable to address . Cook warns that "  as more and more territories become ungovernable , such as Maiduguri , then Muslims more and more will want to join Boko Haram , if only because it represents the one group that can actually project power and hold out the illusion of security to the people . "	Boko Haram fighters are ready to confront soldiers sent to the area , a spokesman says Human rights activist Shehu Sani tells CNN that many Christians have nowhere else to go An announced state of emergency will not help , a rights activist says Boko Haram 's ability to inflict mass casualties has grown quickly
Maria von Trapp , the last of the singing children immortalized in the movie musical "  The Sound of Music , " died at her Vermont home of natural causes , her half-brother told CNN on Saturday . The native of Austria was 99 and lived in Stowe . She died Tuesday . Maria von Trapp was the third-oldest child of Agathe Whitehead and Capt. Georg von Trapp . The couple had seven children : Rupert , Agathe , Maria , Werner , Hedwig , Johanna and Martina . Georg von Trapp 's second wife , Maria Kutschera von Trapp , wrote a book titled "  The Story of the Trapp Family Singers , " which sparked two German-made movies and "  The Sound of Music . " In 1959 , the play "  The Sound of Music " opened on Broadway . Julie Andrews , in arguably her most famous role , played the part of Georg 's wife , Maria , in the 1965 film . Christopher Plummer played Baron von Trapp . The movie won five Academy Awards , including best picture . Johannes , the youngest son of Maria and Georg von Trapp , issued a statement following his sister 's passing : "  Thank you for your thoughts . Maria had a wonderful life and while we will miss her , the memories of her will live on , " Johannes wrote . Maria von Trapp later in life served as a lay missionary in Papua , New Guinea . She never married . Both of Maria 's parents were talented musicians . Agathe played the violin and the piano while her father played the violin , accordion and mandolin . "  Sometimes our house must have sounded like a musical conservatory . You could hear us practice piano , violin , guitar , cello , clarinet , accordion , and later , recorders . We would gather in the evenings to play Viennese folksongs on our instruments with Father leading on the violin , " Maria wrote in her autobiography found on the Trapp Family Lodge 's website . Agathe von Trapp died of scarlet fever in 1922 . Maria also suffered from the disease and needed to be tutored at home as a result . That teacher , Maria , would eventually marry Georg in 1927 . The couple would go on to have three more children : Rosmarie , Eleonore and Johannes . The Trapps fled Nazi-occupied Austria in 1938 and moved to the United States . The Trapp family , after traveling the world , purchased a 27-room family home in Stowe in 1950 . Thirty years later , the building was destroyed in a fire , then rebuilt into the Trapp Family Lodge . The property is still owned and operated by remaining members of the Trapp family , according to the lodge 's website . The elder Maria von Trapp died in 1987 . People we 've lost in 2014	Maria von Trapp dies at 99 in Vermont She was one of the original family singers Her father , stepmother left Austria before WWII Story made famous by "  The Sound of Music "
Cairo  CNN  -- Hosni Mubarak 's fall from power a year ago stunned the world -- three decades of iron-clad rule ended in 17 days by an unexpected groundswell of popular protests . A banner headline in the Al-Ahram newspaper said : "  The people have toppled the regime . " But in the year that followed , Egyptians increasingly realized that what they ousted was one man , not the military that stood behind him . And they grew bitterly frustrated at what they perceive as the slow pace of change . Saturday brought another reminder of the powers that be in Egypt as America 's top military officer was in Cairo to meet with his Egyptian counterparts . On the table for discussion was the fate of 16 Americans who are among 43 foreigners working for civil society institutions who are to be tried in Egypt for receiving illegal foreign funding . And possibly the fate of U.S. military aid , conditioned now on the progress of Egypt 's transition to democracy . The United States viewed the legal proceedings against the foreigners as a crackdown , another sign that autocracy has hardly departed Egypt . Many Egyptians would probably agree . On the first anniversary of Mubarak 's departure , the plan was to voice their frustration , though Saturday came and went without the ceremony that was anticipated on such a day . Activists kicked off a general strike , hoping for the kind of large protests that made Tahrir Square a familiar name . But the demonstrations were scattered and light . "  A year later , nothing has changed . We have been facing the same regime , if worse , " prominent activist Gigi Ibrahim told CNN on Saturday . Ibrahim said farmers , students and workers will help "  settle this revolution once and for all . " "  Many people ... do n't know what actually toppled Mubarak was the last three days of those 17 days when large numbers of workers in different sectors went on strike , " she said from Cairo . The Egypt Revolutionaries ' Alliance , comprised of democratic and secular political groups , called for the immediate dismantling of the interim government and immediate presidential elections . It also demanded the dismissal of the prosecutor general , and a purge and overhaul of the Interior Ministry that came to be despised during last year 's revolt and again last week as anger mounted over a deadly stampede at a soccer match . The alliance said a committee should be formed to to investigate any crimes by Egypt 's new rulers while revolutionary tribunals should try former regime figures . Meanwhile Saturday , an American student was arrested with an Australian journalist and their female translator in the city of Mahalla , north of Cairo , for inciting people to join the general strike and handing them money for doing so , a spokesman for the Egyptian Ministry of Interior told CNN . Spokesman Alaa Mahmoud said they were transferred to a general prosecutor for an investigation . An official spokesman for the U.S. Embassy said it was in touch with the male student . The arrests came as Human Rights Watch decried what it called a disturbing assault on free expression . "  Violations of the right to freedom of expression have included military trials of protesters and bloggers , interrogations of journalists and activists for criticizing the military , the suspension of new satellite television licenses , and the closure of an outlet of Al Jazeera television , " the global monitoring group said . It cited cases of notable people who have "  faced charges of insulting religion under vague and arbitrary laws dating from the Mubarak administration . " And another case in which a pro-democracy activist was sentenced to a year behind bars for handing out leaflets . "  Actions like these were hallmarks of Mubarak 's 30-year rule , but they also have been used repeatedly in the year since the  Supreme Armed Forces Council  assumed control , " Human Rights Watch said . The revolutionaries ' alliance , however , was not deterred . The next step , said member Rami Shaath , will be civil disobedience . Do n't pay taxes or government bills . The armed forces council came down hard on the strike , saying it "  serves those interests of parties aiming for the destruction of Egypt and is a tool brought to Egypt from abroad . " Council leaders Lt. Gen Sami Enan and Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi , meanwhile , sat down for talks with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , U.S. Gen. Martin Dempsey . Dempsey 's spokesman , Col. Dave Lapan , said they discussed a wide range of issues , including the investigation of nongovernmental organizations in the country and an announcement that 43 foreigners working for such groups , including 16 Americans , would face prosecution . Egyptian authorities carried out 17 raids on the offices of 10 organizations , including the U.S.-based Freedom House , National Democratic Institute and the International Republican Institute . Among those going to court is Sam LaHood , the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . The Egyptians said the pro-democracy organizations had received illegal foreign financing and were operating without a proper license . But some of the groups had been tacitly operating for some time in Egypt without permission , even under Mubarak . Washington threatened to cut off the $ 1.3 billion in military assistance it gives Egypt every year . In doing so , the United States escalated the crisis that is now testing its alliance with its Arab ally . Lapan gave no details of the meetings . Outside , unease reigned on the streets of Cairo and beyond . The Egyptians served as role models for their Libyan neighbors . They look now to a Syria in flames and flickers of discontent elsewhere and can take heart that they played a role in inspiring people to stand up for freedom . But a year since their own revolution was declared victorious , the euphoria has dimmed . The general strike is open ended . More may take to the streets Sunday , which unlike Saturday is a working day in the Muslim world . Organizers have not given up hope . They are optimistic that momentum will build as long as a military regime rules Egypt . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Little progress , but hope remains , activist says Activists kick off a general strike on the anniversary An American student is arrested for inciting people to protest America 's top military official meets with Egyptian brass
Texas state senator Wendy Davis defended her campaign 's political ad that features an empty wheelchair and attacks Greg Abbott , saying "  the intent was to demonstrate  his  hypocrisy . " Davis , a Democrat who 's running against Abbott for governor this fall , told CNN affiliate KSAT in San Antonio on Saturday that Abbott has unfairly tried to block cases as attorney general that have similarities his own history . "  He rightfully had an opportunity to access the justice system when he was at the receiving end of a tragic accident , " Davis said . "  But ever since he 's been actively fighting to close that door and deny access to others who have been wronged and who deserve to have their day in court . " Abbott , who was elected attorney general in 2002 , was partially paralyzed after a tree fell on him while he was jogging at the age of 26 . He has remained in a wheelchair ever since and won what 's believed to be at least $ 10 million in a settlement related to his injury , according to the Dallas Morning News . Davis ' campaign ad , which was released Friday , opens with an empty wheelchair and mentions the money Abbott received after his freak accident . It goes on to cite two other cases -- one related to a disability , the other related to a rape -- and argues that Abbott sided with the defendants . Abbott 's campaign called the ad "  disgusting " and put out a web video Monday highlighting statements from the media decrying the spot . The video blasts Davis as being "  unfit for governor . " But Davis , who trails Abbott in recent polls , argued this weekend that he "  has shown that he cares only about advancing his own interests , and often to the exclusion of other people . "	Wendy Davis explains her "  intent " of a new controversial ad against Greg Abbott . The two are competing to become the next governor of Texas . Abbott 's campaign slammed the ad and put out its own video on Monday .
EW.com  -- In Brett Ratner 's adaptation of Steve Moore 's 2008 graphic novel , "  Hercules , " as played by Dwayne Johnson , is a world-weary mercenary who allows others to believe -- and perhaps embellish -- his heroic tales . Travelling with a Magnificent Seven-style band of warriors who are lured by riches to defend the beleaguered kingdom of Lord Cotys  John Hurt  , the mighty man is still haunted by nightmares of the three-headed Cerberus , and he mourns the murder of his wife and children -- though there are those who whisper that he himself killed them . When Johnson is wearing the head of the slayed Nemean lion in battle , walloping enemies with his tree-trunk sized club , and heaving charging horses to the ground with remarkable ease , he 's in his Rock comfort zone . But as a tortured hero hampered by self-doubt , Johnson labors . He 's aiming for the gravitas of Russell Crowe in "  Gladiator " and Gerard Butler in "  300 , " but he races through the moments where Hercules has to be vulnerable or jaded . And since he 's the lone person in B.C. Thrace -- a city-state populated by Ian McShane , Joseph Fiennes , and Rufus Sewell -- who did n't go to British boarding school , his careful enunciation sounds especially out of place . "  Hercules " might seem like the perfect role for The Rock , but the movie really needs a better Dwayne Johnson . EW Grade : C - See the original story at EW.com How The Rock became ` Hercules ' Review : ` Lucy ' has no boundaries Ben Affleck will be a great Batman , Adam West says CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is an adaptation of a graphic novel Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson stars Reviewer says Johnson labors as a tortured hero
CNN  -- It was n't Tibet 's subzero temperatures that nurse practitioner Arlene Samen found so chilling on a 1997 medical trip , but the haunting stories she was told about mothers and newborns on the brink of death after childbirth . Arlene Samen , right , helps provide childbirth education and equipment to those in need through One H.E.A.R.T. "  When I came to Tibet I heard of so many tragic stories of women dying -- no access to care in remote areas , no history of trained birth attendants , and no knowledge about pregnancy and childbirth , " Samen recalls . It is a problem that stretches well beyond Tibet 's borders . According to the World Health Organization , more than 500,000 women worldwide die each year as a result of complications during pregnancy and childbirth , and nearly 7 million babies are either born dead or die within 28 days of their life . Almost all these deaths occur in the developing world . Upon her return from Tibet , and in association with the University of Utah Health Services Center , Samen , 54 , created One H.E.A.R.T.  Health Education And Research in Tibet  to combat the high infant and maternal mortality rates in Tibet and around the world . Through One H.E.A.R.T. , Samen 's mission is to reach remote areas where women have limited access to a safe delivery , distribute the organization 's training model , and debunk any fears toward safe , sanitary birthing practices . "  It 's not uncommon for babies to die from basic things like not cleaning their mouth out to breathe , " says Samen . "  In surveys we 've done , more than 50 percent of babies that died were born alive . This is due to lack of education . " Watch Samen talk about the organization 's work " Since 1998 , One H.E.A.R.T has worked to set up centers that teach and educate local nurse practitioners , villagers and expectant mothers on how to deliver and care for newborn babies . A huge part of the organization 's instruction includes hands-on birthing demonstration and distribution of community-tailored birth kits . "  I witnessed deliveries where the infant did not even have a blanket , " says Samen . "  I put a kit together with very simple items and anyone , anywhere can use this kit to keep infants and mothers alive during and after childbirth . " Watch home video of Samen in Tibet , where she delivered a baby " The birth kit typically includes a sterilized razor blade , a clean sheet , three towels for the baby , three fleece blankets , a string to tie around the umbilical cord , gloves for the person delivering the baby and soap for hand washing . Over the last 10 years , Samen 's team has supplied more than 3,400 safe birthing kits to pregnant women and has trained more than 1,000 people in life-saving techniques . For 2008 , One H.E.A.R.T. 's education outreach program has targeted Nayarit , Mexico , a mountainous terrain in Mesoamerica and the native land of more than 50,000 indigenous Cora and Huichol Indians . This past February , accompanied by a team of doctors and translators , Samen spent three days embedded within Nayarit 's Santa Theresa communities , using an instructional newborn doll for childbirth training sessions and discussing safe birthing techniques and procedures . "  The traditional birth attendants told us they do n't like to bring the women to the hospital because there 's a fear of C-section and complications . -LSB- The women -RSB- would rather die than to come in and get help , " Samen says . Watch Samen describe the rigors of bringing a child birthing center to a remote area of Mexico " "  I found that really astounding and would like to look into that further to see if there 's ways that we can cross that barrier and really help them so that they do n't have that kind of fear . " Samen lives in Salt Lake City , but currently spends several months of the year in Tibet . Future plans for One H.E.A.R.T. include training local partners on the ground in Nepal and Ecuador . E-mail to a friend	Utah nurse practitioner helps fight high childbirth mortality rates in Tibet One H.E.A.R.T. conducts birthing demonstrations , distributes birth kits Group is working in Mexico this year ; future plans include Nepal , Ecuador
Washington  CNN  -- A leading Senate conservative said Sunday he can accept tax reform that increases overall tax revenue as part of a comprehensive deficit reduction plan . Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma told the NBC program "  Meet the Press " that if lowering tax rates and eliminating loopholes and deductions ended up bringing in more money to the U.S. government , "  that would be fine with me . " Asked about a pledge he signed previously against any kind of tax increase , Coburn said his more important pledge was to do what 's best for the country . He also noted that political reality dictated the need for bipartisan support for any agreement to pass . "  This is n't about politics as normal , " Coburn said . "  It 's about making a decision now that is urgent . " Coburn is one of six senators taking part in bipartisan talks on a deficit reduction blueprint . While they have yet to reach final agreement , the senators participating in the so-called "  Gang of Six " want their work to serve as an impetus for both sides to meet somewhere in the middle on the deficit reduction issue . Another member of the Senate negotiators , Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad of North Dakota , told reporters that increased revenue must be part of a deficit reduction plan . As an example of the tax reform under discussion , Conrad told reporters the plan would limit the mortgage interest deduction to a maximum of $ 500,000 worth of mortgage and only on a principal residence , not a second home . Under current law , the amount of mortgage held by a married couple eligible for interest deduction is $ 1 million , and that can apply to a second home . The deficit reduction debate is central to two key spending issues coming up before Congress -- increasing the amount of money the government can borrow , and passing a federal budget for fiscal year 2012 , which begins October 1 . The U.S. debt is expected to hit the country 's $ 14.3 trillion ceiling next month , though congressional leaders say the Treasury can take steps to put off the deadline until early July . Conservative Republicans are demanding significant deficit reduction steps attached to the debt ceiling measure before they 'll vote for it . "  I will vote ` no ' on raising the debt ceiling unless we have comprehensive , dramatic , effective and broad - based cuts to federal spending , including the reform of entitlement spending , " Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , said on the CBS program "  Meet the Press . " President Barack Obama and Democratic leaders oppose linking the debt ceiling measure to political issues , warning that a failure to raise the debt limit would amount to a U.S. default that would shake global markets , raise interest rates and stall or reverse economic recovery . "  We will raise the debt ceiling because the alternative , as every expert economist agrees , would be catastrophic for our economy , for our credibility around the world , for the bond markets and for the world economy , " Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut told CBS . "  So I think the only question is really whether raising the debt ceiling will be tied to spending reductions . " However , Coburn and Republican Rep. Joe Walsh of Illinois , a Tea Party conservative elected last November , rejected the Democratic argument that the debt ceiling must be raised , saying the government has enough money to pay its debt obligations , at least for a few months . "  It 's being overstated , " Walsh , speaking on the CBS program , said of Democratic warnings of potential economic catastrophe . "  Three or four times over the course of the last 20 years , Congress has voted not to raise the debt ceiling , and it 's taken a few months and then they 've come together and they 've raised it , " Walsh said . "  But over the course of those few months when the debt ceiling was n't raised , Armageddon did n't hit . The government paid its bills . We 've got enough government revenues to certainly pay -- to service all of our debt . And the administration knows that . " So far , House Republicans have passed a 2012 budget proposal that would slash nonmilitary spending and overhaul Medicare and Medicaid while lowering tax rates with no revenue increase . The GOP plan drafted by House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan of Wisconsin would cut deficits by more than $ 4 trillion over 10 years . Obama and Democrats reject the Republican plan as an imbalanced approach that would put the burden of deficit reduction on senior citizens and the poor . Instead , Obama proposes cutting deficits by $ 4 billion over 12 years through cuts in both military and discretionary spending , increasing the tax burden on families making more than $ 250,000 a year and adjusting the Medicare and Medicaid government-run health care systems for the elderly and the poor . The Gang of Six negotiations focus on a deficit reduction plan compiled last year by a commission appointed by Obama that calls for increased revenue through tax reform , spending cuts in all areas and reforms to all the entitlement programs . Asked if the Senate talks were approaching a consensus , Conrad told NBC : "  If we do n't have an agreement soon , we wo n't be relevant to this discussion . "  We intend to be relevant , " he said , adding : "  We have made enormous progress in this group , and it is the only bipartisan effort that is under way . And at the end of the day , it has to be bipartisan or nothing is going to happen . " CNN 's Tom Cohen and Joana Godinho contributed to this story .	NEW : Republicans reject warnings of catastrophe without a higher debt ceiling Conservative senator breaks from his previous pledge of no tax increase Tax reform would lower rates and end loopholes , Sen. Coburn says Coburn is one of six senators in bipartisan talks on deficit reduction
CNN  -- It continues to be the year of Lupita Nyong ` o . The Oscar-winning actress has joined the cast of "  Star Wars : Episode VII , " it was announced on Monday . Also joining the J.J. Abrams-directed film cast is Gwendoline Christie , best known for her role as Brienne of Tarth in "  Game of Thrones . " "  I could not be more excited about Lupita and Gwendoline joining the cast of Episode VII , " Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy said in a press release . "  It 's thrilling to see this extraordinarily talented ensemble taking shape . " The two will join the already announced cast of John Boyega , Daisy Ridley , Adam Driver , Oscar Isaac , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , and Max von Sydow . Former stars of the franchise Mark Hamill , Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher will be reprising their 1977 roles from the original , hit film . Following the announcement Nyong ' o tweeted "  I can finally say it out loud and proud : I 'm going to a galaxy far far away ! " along with an Instagram picture of the "  Star Wars " logo . This year Nyong ' o won a best supporting actress Academy Award for her breakthrough performance in the film "  12 Years a Slave . " She was also named one of CNN 's Fresh Faces for 2014 and People magazine 's 2014 most beautiful person . Lupita , a Cinderella for everybody Lupita named People 's most beautiful person of 2014	Nyong ` o 's casting was announced Monday "  Game of Thrones " star also joining cast Nyong ' o tweeted the good news
CNN  -- The Syrian Electronic Army -- a group of pro-Syrian regime hackers that has aggressively targeted major news organizations and activists -- may operate in cyberspace , but its attacks can have real-life impact . The power of misinformation was amply demonstrated when the group hacked the Associated Press Twitter feed Tuesday . The fake AP message -- which read , "  Breaking : Two Explosions in the White House and Barack Obama is injured , " -- caused a brief flurry of panic and sent stocks plummeting . The tweet was quickly revealed as false , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered from its 145-point dip , but it was nearly a day before the AP Twitter account was restored to life . Now , fresh questions are being asked about what the Syrian Electronic Army is , where it 's from and how it operates . In its own words , on is website , the Syrian Electronic Army says , "  We are a group of enthusiastic Syrian youths who could not stay passive towards the massive distortion of facts about the recent uprising in Syria . " Over the past few months , the group claims to have hacked British broadcaster the BBC and U.S. outlets CBS News and NPR , as well as Columbia University and rights group Human Rights Watch . The group even compromised the Twitter account Monday of the head of world soccer , FIFA President Sepp Blatter and FIFA 's official account for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . But much about the Syrian Electronic Army remains unknown . ` Tacit support ' from Syria One key question revolves around how close the group is to the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , which has been involved in a bloody civil war for more than two years . On that subject , all the signs are of "  tacit support , " says Helmi Noman , a senior researcher at the Citizen Lab , Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto . He has been tracking the Syrian Electronic Army since May 2011 , when it first emerged as an organized group with a Facebook page and then its own website . "  What we know is their domain name was registered by the Syrian Computer Society . We looked into the Syrian Computer Society and discovered that it was headed by al-Assad in the 1990s , before he was president , " said Noman . "  It 's hosted on the network of the Syrian government , which is interesting because it 's the first time we 've seen a group with questionable activities being hosted on a national computer network . " Al-Assad has also backed the group by name and "  expressed his appreciation for their work and described them as a real army on the Internet , " he said . However , Noman and his fellow researchers do "  not have evidence that this group is actually a Syrian government operation . " Even if it were , he points out , the Syrian government would be unlikely to be open about it . This is in part because it could face legal and political consequences for its actions -- for example , over the financial loss suffered as a result of the fake AP tweet , he said . Who the individual members of the Syrian Electronic Army are and where they 're from is also shrouded in mystery . The group has sought to recruit volunteers through its Facebook page , inviting them to flood selected websites with pre-prepared spam comments , said Noman . "  Of course , we can not tell if these volunteers are from Syria only , or from other countries , " he added . Many people are familiar with Anonymous , the hacker collective that is known for its DDOS , or distributed denial of service , attacks that take websites offline , and backed the 2011 Occupy movement and WikiLeaks ' Julian Assange . But while the Syrian Electronic Army 's activities bear some similarities to those of Anonymous , the group is quite different in other ways , said Noman . Not only do its domain name and registration betray clear connections with Syria , but its members are reachable through the group 's website , Facebook and Twitter pages . Disrupting the flow The group also appears robust , bouncing back despite the efforts of U.S. authorities and Twitter to suspend its activities . And Noman has noted an evolution in the Syrian Electronic Army 's methods over time . Early attacks focused on apparently irrelevant websites , but later efforts shifted first toward compromising the Facebook pages of organizations seen as hostile to the Syrian government , and now high-profile Twitter accounts . "  They demonstrate interest in disrupting the flow of information , especially the flow of information from international media , " Noman said of the group . This is not surprising because it is in line with what the Syrian government itself has tried to do , in accusing the regional and international media of being biased against it , he said . Tuesday 's attack on the AP Twitter feed shows "  an escalation in depth but not in scale , " Noman said . While the Syrian Electronic Army has compromised the Twitter accounts of several international media organizations before , the kind of message sent to the AP feed was more disturbing . The attack on BBC Weather 's Twitter feed , for example , was hard to take seriously . "  Syrian Electronic Army Was Here , " read one tweet . "  Saudi weather station down due to head-on collision with camel , " said another . Others were more inflammatory -- "  Hazardous fog warning for North Syria : Erdogan orders terrorists to launch chemical weapons at civilian areas " -- but still not credible . What is worrying about the AP Twitter hack is that next time there is breaking news on Twitter , people will wonder if it 's true or just another compromise , Noman said . It 's a warning to everyone to step up their own online security measures -- and be aware that not all they read may be true . READ MORE : AP hack proves Twitter has a serious cybersecurity problem READ MORE : FIFA chief Blatter 's Twitter account hacked	The Syrian Electronic Army has claimed hacks on AP , CBS News , NPR and the BBC Its attack on the AP Twitter feed caused a flurry of panic and sent stocks plunging The group is hosted on the network of the Syrian government , says researcher Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has previously praised the group 's work , he says
Our everyday concerns -- what 's for dinner , what to update on Facebook -- seem small when we consider that there 's a whole universe out there where other life may exist . Astronomers now are upping that likelihood , announcing that they 've identified a star system with up to seven planets -- three of which could potentially host life -- 22 light-years away . The likelihood that conditions could support life on at least one of those planets , given that there are three terrestrial-mass planets in the habitable zone of one system , is "  tremendous , " according to at least one scientist . The "  habitable zone " is the area near a star in which a planet can theoretically hold liquid water . In our own solar system , Venus is close to the inner edge of potential habitability , while Mars is closer to the outer edge . The discovery is the largest number of "  habitable zone " planets ever found within a single system , said Guillem Anglada-Escude of the University of Gottingen , Germany , who led the team of astronomers . The findings were published Wednesday in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics . The findings are only the latest in a recent string of identifications of planets that may host life . "  As soon as our telescopes and data analysis tools have become sophisticated enough to find them , habitable planets are popping up everywhere , " said Sara Seager , professor of planetary science at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , who was not involved in the study . "  It 's simply exhilarating to know that potentially habitable planets are ubiquitous . " What are these planets like ? The three planets orbit a star called Gliese 667C , part of the triple-star system Gliese 667 . They are between four and eight times the mass of the Earth , making them "  super-Earths . " If you were standing on any of the potentially habitable planets in this system , that sun would appear as a bright red star . The other two stars in the system "  would look like a very bright pair of stars providing as much illumination as the full moon on Earth , " Anglada-Escude said . The planets are likely either rocky or water worlds , meaning they 're entirely covered in water . These particular planets also appear to be "  tidally locked , " meaning the same side of a planet is always facing a star . That means one side of the planet always gets light and the other hemisphere is always in darkness . "  With three terrestrial-mass planets in the habitable zone , the likelihood of one of them actually being habitable is tremendous , " Seager said . The system also likely consists of two hot planets further in and two cooler planets orbiting further out , although scientists are less certain that the seventh planet exists . Scientists determined these characteristics of the star system using new observations gathered from the W. M. Keck Observatory and the Magellan Telescope , with existing data from the European Southern Observatory 's HARPS instrument in Chile . Before , scientists had determined that the star Gliese 667C had three planets with one that could be a candidate for life . The Gliese 667C star is about one-third the mass of our sun with about 2 % of its luminosity , meaning it is much fainter . But all three of the potentially habitable planets , and their neighbors in their solar system , lie within the equivalent of the orbit of Mercury , meaning they are much closer to the host star than planets in our solar system . If they orbited our sun , the Gliese 667C planets ' surfaces evaporate and burn . But they may be habitable because their sun is so much smaller and dimmer . "  It 's an extreme scaled down version of the solar system , " Anglada-Escude said . Another Earth called a certainty Scientists said the findings suggest that stars with low mass such as Gliese 667C are the best targets for looking for planets that could host life . About 80 % of the stars in the Milky Way are in this category of low mass . It 's possible that there are many more of these systems that are packed with potentially habitable planets . How they compare to other habitable planets The Gliese 667C trio represents candidates for life that are about as good as three announced in April by scientists working with NASA 's Kepler satellite . Kepler-62e and Kepler-62f both orbit the same star , Kepler-62 , which is slightly cooler and smaller than our sun . The Kepler-62 star , however , is 1,200 light-years away . These two planets are closer to the size of Earth than the third habitable candidate , Kepler 69c . It 's less clearly in the habitable zone than the other two , and its sun is 2,700 light-years away from us . That makes Gliese 667C seem like a stone 's throw away by comparison , at 22 light years -- but that 's still about 129 trillion miles . In the night sky , the system can be found in the Scorpius constellation . The Kepler satellite has been keeping an eye on more than 150,000 stars much further away , but on May 15 , NASA announced that a reaction wheel -- a part that helps aim the spacecraft -- stopped working . The most recent update , from June 7 , says the spacecraft is in Point Rest State , after a second wheel was unable to preserve fuel for an eventual recovery effort . Immediate safety is not as issue , and a team is going to manage the wheel recovery efforts . The Kepler space telescope , launched in 2009 , allows scientists to measure changes in brightness of individual stars over time ; these dimming events signal that a planet is nearby . Scientists undertake sophisticated calculations to verify that such signals are planets and not passing rocks . "  Scientists undertake sophisticated calculations to verify that such signals are planets and not astrophysical phenomena mimicking the signature of a planet , " Anglada-Escude said . By contrast , scientists who worked on the Gliese 667C system used the radial velocity method . With this , scientists look for wobbles in the motion of a star , which happens in response to the gravity of nearby planets . How about all of those other planets that have been found previously to be in the habitable zone ? You may recall planet Kepler-22b , which was announced in December 2011 and also was hailed as a potential candidate for hosting life . That planet had a radius 2.4 times that of Earth and is 600 light-years away . There is also a planet called Gliese-581g , discovered in September 2010 , which is thought to be even more like Earth than Kepler-22b in terms of its suitability for plants and animals . It 's only 20 light years from Earth , though there has been some controversy about its existence . In its solar system there is another planet , Gliese-581d , that is also of interest in the search for life , according to the Planetary Habitability Laboratory at the University of Puerto Rico at Arecibo . The group 's catalog lists a few other candidates . But do they really have life ? Because they are so far away , the composition of the atmospheres of all of these planets outside our solar system remains unknown . Whether life truly roams or swims out there is still to be seen . "  Whether the planets are actually habitable would be pure speculation , " Seager said . "  There 's currently no way to observe surface liquid water  our habitability requirement  or even infer the presence of surface liquid water . " Still , Anglada-Escude says the existence of star systems packed with potentially habitable planets , and the diversity of planets that Kepler has found , suggest there are more exciting discoveries yet to come . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau and for more science news follow @CNNLightYears	Star system has 3 potentially habitable planets Standing on one of them , the sun Gliese 667C would look like a bright red star The Gliese 667 system has three stars in it
CNN  -- Thank you to everyone who took part in our mystery photo challenge ! Congratulations to everyone who answered Hong Kong . To recap , here are the clues we provided : Hint one : More than seven million people live in the territory where this port is located . Hint two : It is one of the busiest container ports in the world , handling 23.7 million containers in 2010 . Hint three : Its central location means it is an important hub for the region , with container line services going to approximately 480 destinations around the world .	The answer is Hong Kong Check the MainSail page for future photo challenges
CNN  -- Roaches crawling out of air vents . Roaches climbing up seats and windows . Roaches on people 's coats and hats . Roaches everywhere . It sounds like a scene from a horror movie -- but is in fact what passengers say happened on a Greyhound bus journey from Atlantic City to New York on Friday . "  There 's like a thousand roaches , " passenger Dawn Alexander told CNN affiliate WABC . "  And when I say infested , I mean infested . People were in the aisles literally brushing roaches off of them . " "  We thought it was one . It turned out to be a whole house full of roaches , " said a fellow passenger . "  I sat down -- roaches started crawling up on our clothes , falling down from the ceiling . Everything , " said another . Cellphone footage shows the pests scurrying across the bus floor and steps . Greyhound 's Media Relations Director Maureen Richmond said the bus driver had acted swiftly when passengers alerted him to "  bugs on the bus . " Bionic cockroaches to the rescue "  He immediately pulled the bus over and radioed our dispatch office for assistance , " she told CNN . "  A second bus was immediately sent to continue the trip into New York . We have spoken with each passenger and provided full refunds . " Greyhound has apologized for the inconvenience to the 48 passengers on board the bus , which departed Atlantic City around 10 a.m. Friday . "  We are investigating how they got there -- in bags or from the bus , " said Richmond . What caused the insects to start pouring out of the air vents about 15 minutes into the journey is not yet clear -- nor what Greyhound plans to do to get rid of them . Alexander told WABC she was sitting in the back of the bus when she saw those toward the front starting to panic . "  Then after a while , the panic got towards the back because we all started looking around and saw roaches crawling everywhere , " she said . According to the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , roaches "  are common even in the cleanest of crowded urban areas and older dwellings " and are found in all types of neighborhoods . Happily , the pests do n't usually hitch a ride on a bus to the Big Apple . In 2011 : AirTran sued over cockroaches on flight CNN 's Erinn Cawthon contributed to this report .	NEW : Greyhound : "  We are investigating how they got there - in bags or from the bus " Passengers on board a Greyhound bus to New York City say it was crawling with roaches "  People were in the aisles literally brushing roaches off of them , " says one Greyhound says passengers were moved to another bus and given refunds
The first man out the gate in the 2016 race for the White House is already facing scrutiny over payments his PAC made to his wife and daughter . A political action committee headed by Former Sen. Jim Webb , the Democrat who launched a presidential exploratory committee last month , has paid more than $ 90,000 to his wife and daughter since late 2006 -- with close to half of that amount doled out in 2014 alone , according to FEC filings . The information was first reported by Business Insider . A Webb spokesperson defended the expenses in an email to CNN , explaining that payments to Webb 's wife and daughter increased in 2014 to a total of $ 37,000 to revamp Webb 's personal website and create his 2016 exploratory committee page before he announced his plans to fundraise for a prospective presidential bid . "  Adding up numbers across several years for a sensational headline does n't tell the story , " the spokesperson said . "  The activities of the PAC increased in 2014 when Jim Webb decided to re-enter the political discussions of our country . " The spokesperson added that the payments were "  well within the law " and "  much lower " than typical compensation . Webb 's daughter , Amy Webb Hogan , drew most of the disbursements , charging her father 's PAC $ 24,000 in 2014 alone for "  administrative consulting services , " which included administering , managing and designing the PAC 's website , Sen. Webb 's personal site and creating the Webb2016 website . Webb Hogan is the CEO of Webbmedia Group , a digital strategy firm based in Baltimore , though the payments from the PAC went directly to her . Sen. Webb 's wife , Hong Le Webb , made $ 13,800 in 2014 for "  website services , " which included "  vetting design consultants , negotiating contracts and content management , " Webb 's spokesperson said . She also received more than $ 1,000 in travel reimbursements from the PAC . Sen. Webb was also reimbursed $ 4,100 in travel expenses tied to an August 2014 trip to Iowa to campaign for candidates and meet prospective key supporters in the key primary state . The PAC has not spent any of its funds on donations to political candidates or groups since Oct. 2010 , though it has continued to receive donations from supporters , according to FEC filings . And the payments to Webb 's family amount to nearly 10 % of all contributions the PAC received and only about 20 % of donations to the PAC went to political candidates or groups , Business Insider reported . The Born Fighting PAC continues to accept donations online and the website now also links to Sen. Webb 's 2016 exploratory committee website . Webb , a Marine Corps veteran , touted his bipartisan credentials and his military ties in a 14-minute video he posted last month announcing his intention to form an exploratory committee for 2016 , which allows him to raise funds for a potential run and is typically the first step to formally announcing a presidential bid . If he does , Webb will likely face former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Democrats ' primary process . Clinton is expected to announce a presidential bid next year .	Webb spokesperson explains 2014 Webb 's PAC has paid his wife and daughter more than $ 90,000 , including about $ 37,000 in 2014 alone Webb 's spokesperson said in a statement the payments were "  well within the law " The PAC spent about 20 % of its donations in payments to Webb 's wife and daughter
CNN  -- Triple Formula One world champion Sebastian Vettel has warned his 2013 title rivals that Red Bull are in better shape than this time 12 months ago . Red Bull driver Vettel edged out Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso at the final race of the 2012 season to clinch a third successive drivers ' title by just three points , while his team celebrated a third constructors ' crown in a row . Vettel , the sport 's youngest ever three-time champion , insists the whole team is focused on matching last year 's achievements . "  What we have is more or less the same car that we had in Brazil  the final race of the 2012 season  -- with some steps forward , " the 25-year-old told F1 's official website after taking to the track at a preseason testing event in Barcelona . "  But from a personal level I can say that I am much happier now than I was one year ago . " The German also dismissed suggestions he might struggle for motivation ahead of the 2013 season . "  Thank God I do n't have to think about something like ` finding motivation ! ' " added Vettel . "  Sure it was nice what we 've achieved in the last three years and it makes us all proud , but I would say that I am still in a phase of my life where I look forward , and that 's the right direction to go . " Last season began in unpredictable fashion , with an unprecedented seven different drivers winning the season 's opening seven races . It was an uncharacteristically slow start to year from Red Bull , with Vettel winning the year 's fourth grand prix in Bahrain but then not picking up a second success until September 's race in Singapore . "  I do n't think it will be much different from what was important last year -- again it will be very close , so it will not be a case of two or three drivers fighting it out , " continued Vettel . "  In the first half of the season I expect a very similar situation to 2012 where we saw many different winners . Then , in the second half , some favourites will become visible . "  To be one of them you have to score points at every race and be consistent -- that was what got us the title in 2012 . " Alonso , a two-time drivers ' champions , made first appearance of preseason in Catalunya on Tuesday , but Vettel remains focus on ensuring Red Bull arrive at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on March 17 in the best possible shape . "  When you drive and you see another car on the track it is almost impossible to notice details , from whatever car , " said Vettel . "  This is much easier when you look at photos . To be honest right now we are still in the phase where we are fully concentrating on ourselves , not looking left and right . "	Sebastian Vettel is motivated to challenge for a fourth straight F1 world title The German has won the drivers ' championship in each of the last three seasons The Red Bull driver is confident the team are in better shape than this time last year The 2013 Formula One season begins with the Australian Grand Prix on March 17
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama called Saturday for the Iranian government to refrain from violence and injustice against its own citizens . Iranian women demonstrate Saturday in front of the White House , where President Obama issued a statement . "  The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching , " Obama said in a White House statement . "  We mourn each and every innocent life that is lost . We call on the Iranian government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people . " He said the United States stands with all who seek to exercise what he called the universal rights to assembly and free speech . The statement came as Iranian security forces cracked down Saturday on demonstrators in Tehran in continuing protests against the outcome of Iran 's June 12 election . Watch protesters clash with government forces " President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming victor in voting that opposition groups called rigged . No independent monitors were permitted for the election , and protests against the outcome grew in succeeding days . Thousands of protesters took to the streets Saturday , even though the demonstrations were banned and police confronted them with clubs , tear gas and water cannons . A threatening statement a day earlier by supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei had raised fears of bloodshed . Obama received intelligence briefings and discussed the situation with senior advisers throughout the day , an administration official told CNN . In his statement , Obama repeated a message from his recent speech to the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt , that "  suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away . " "  The Iranian people will ultimately judge the actions of their own government , " Obama said in the statement . "  If the Iranian government seeks the respect of the international community , it must respect the dignity of its own people and govern through consent , not coercion . " Obama quoted slain U.S. civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. 's statement that "  the arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice . " "  I believe that , " Obama 's statement said . "  The international community believes that . And right now , we are bearing witness to the Iranian people 's belief in that truth , and we will continue to bear witness . " The statement was Obama 's strongest to date on the Iran situation . He has been criticized by Republicans in Congress for what they called his failure to strongly support the Iranian demonstrators . Previously , Obama has said he was "  deeply troubled " by the violent protests but he has avoided siding with Ahmadinejad 's opponents , telling reporters that "  it is up to Iranians to make decisions about who Iran 's leaders will be . " "  It 's not productive , given the history of U.S.-Iranian relations , to be seen as meddling , the U.S. president meddling in Iranian elections , " Obama said this week . Diplomats credited Obama with having avoided giving the regime an excuse to blame the turmoil on the Americans . Several diplomats told CNN that Iran is in "  unchartered territory " and said this weekend 's events could determine the fate of the regime . The diplomats said they were watching to see whether Iranian security forces would continue the crackdown . The military has shot people before but never in massive numbers , they said . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this story .	President issues statement calling on Iran to treat protesters justly Iran must "  govern through consent , not coercion , " Obama statement says Statement is Obama 's strongest yet on post-election protests in Iran Republicans in Congress have criticized Obama 's reluctance to "  meddle "
CNN  -- Who is #Falcao ? Radamel Falcao Garcia Zarate , Falcao for short , is a Colombian soccer star . He sent Twitter into meltdown on Monday when he joined Manchester United on a one-year loan from Monaco , swapping the French Riviera for a considerably higher tax bill and a city where it rains 53 % of the year . Aged 28 , he scores goals . Lots of them . During spells with Porto , Atletico Madrid and Monaco , he 's earned a reputation as one of Europe 's finest strikers . Monday was European football 's "  transfer deadline day , " the last opportunity for the continent 's top teams to sign new players . Imagine NFL draft day , only with no structure and more chaos . Good news for Manchester United , then ? Yes and no . Falcao is good enough to improve any team , but United hardly needed another attacking player . Last week it paid Real Madrid nearly $ 100m to sign Angel di Maria , a forward-thinking addition to a squad that already included the likes of Robin van Persie , Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata . Throw Falcao into the mix and United manager Louis van Gaal is spoiled for choice at the front of his line-up , but it 's at the rear where his team is exposed . United is yet to win this season and recently suffered a humiliating 4-0 defeat to third division team MK Dons in the League Cup . Simply put , United signing Falcao is like buying a really nice sweater but forgetting to put on your trousers . Wait , you said Colombia . Where was he at the World Cup ? The man nicknamed "  El Tigre "  The Tiger  missed Colombia 's run to the quarterfinals of Brazil 2014 with a knee injury he picked up in January . The whole country was praying their star striker would be fit for selection , so much so that Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos even visited Falcao in hospital , but sadly it was n't to be . In his absence , James  pronounced "  Ham-ez "  Rodriguez scored six goals as Colombia swaggered its way into the last eight before defeat to hosts Brazil . A new star was born , and Rodriguez is now strutting his stuff at Real Madrid having also left Monaco . Did Falcao not fancy joining "  Ham-ez " in Madrid ? Funny you should mention that . On Saturday a Tweet sent from Falcao 's official account said  a rough translation  "  Go Madrid , a dream come true . " But Falcao swiftly denied sending the tweet , saying his profile had been compromised . Pesky hackers ... Who is the middle man in the transfer ? Uber agent Jorge Mendes , who is seemingly doing his utmost to keep the Portuguese economy afloat . As well as Falcao and Rodriguez , Mendes brokered the deal to bring Di Maria to Old Trafford and Eliaquim Mangala to Manchester City . Where can I find his Twitter account ? @FALCAO is his official Twitter handle . He 's also on Instagram and if you head over there you 'll find proof he 's also pretty handy with a baseball bat . He 's a big guy ... Yep , with hair like Samson . But he 's spoken for . His wife is Argentinean singer/songwriter Lorelei Taron . His dad Radamel Garcia was also a professional footballer , playing in Colombia , and he thinks his son is going all the way to the top . "  Falcao will lead Monaco to the Champions League , " said Falcao 's entirely impartial father when his son first signed for the French team in 2013 . "  Every team he plays for he makes better and he wins a title . " His dad was right . Monaco did qualify for the Champions League , even if Falcao missed most of last season through injury . Now Falcao junior has a similar mission to help United qualify for Europe 's top competition . The Manchester club is n't in Europe after an awful season under Alex Ferguson 's successor David Moyes , who was subsequently sacked .	Radamel Falcao joins Manchester United on a one-year loan from Monaco Falcao will be counted on to help kickstart United 's season But some will be surprised that United did not sign a central defender United has amassed two points from its opening three league games
CNN  -- President Obama answered the following 10 questions on Reddit during a live online "  Ask Me Anything " chat Wednesday afternoon . Read about Obama 's Reddit AMA chat here Below are the questions and answers as they appeared on Reddit . -------- Q : gobearss How do you balance family life and hobbies with , well , being the POTUS ? A : PresidentObama It 's hard - truthfully the main thing other than work is just making sure that I 'm spending enough time with michelle and the girls . The big advantage I have is that I live above the store - so I have no commute ! So we make sure that when I 'm in DC I never miss dinner with them at 6:30 pm - even if I have to go back down to the Oval for work later in the evening . I do work out every morning as well , and try to get a basketball or golf game in on the weekends just to get out of the bubble . Speaking of balance , though , I need to get going so I 'm back in DC in time for dinner . But I want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run . AND REMEMBER TO VOTE IN NOVEMBER - if you need to know how to register , go to Gottaregister.com . By the way , if you want to know what I think about this whole reddit experience - NOT BAD ! ------ Q : hmlee I am recent law school graduate . Despite graduating from a top school , I find myself unemployed with a large student loan debt burden . While I 'm sure my immediate prospects will improve in time , it 's difficult to be optimistic about the future knowing that my ability to live a productive life -- to have a fulfilling career , to buy a house , to someday raise a family -- is hampered by my debt and the bleak economic outlook for young people . I know that I 'm not alone in feeling this way . Many of us are demoralized . Your 2008 campaign was successful in large part due to the efforts of younger demographics . We worked for you , we campaigned for you , and we turned out in record numbers to vote for you . What can I say to encourage those in similar situations as I am to show up again in November ? What hope can you offer us for your second term ? A : PresidentObama I understand how tough it is out there for recent grads . You 're right - your long term prospects are great , but that does n't help in the short term . Obviously some of the steps we have taken already help young people at the start of their careers . Because of the health care bill , you can stay on your parent 's plan until you 're twenty six . Because of our student loan bill , we are lowering the debt burdens that young people have to carry . But the key for your future , and all our futures , is an economy that is growing and creating solid middle class jobs - and that 's why the choice in this election is so important . The other party has two ideas for growth - more taxs cuts for the wealthy  paid for by raising tax burdens on the middle class and gutting investments like education  and getting rid of regulations we 've put in place to control the excesses on wall street and help consumers . These ideas have been tried , they didnt work , and will make the economy worse . I want to keep promoting advanced manufacturing that will bring jobs back to America , promote all-American energy sources  including wind and solar  , keep investing in education and make college more affordable , rebuild our infrastructure , invest in science , and reduce our deficit in a balanced way with prudent spending cuts and higher taxes on folks making more than $ 250,000 / year . I do n't promise that this will solve all our immediate economic challenges , but my plans will lay the foundation for long term growth for your generation , and for generations to follow . So do n't be discouraged - we did n't get into this fix overnight , and we wo n't get out overnight , but we are making progress and with your help will make more . -------- Q : silent1mezzo What 's the recipe for the White House 's beer ? A : PresidentObama It will be out soon ! I can tell from first hand experience , it is tasty . -------- Q : suzmerk What are you going to do to end the corrupting influence of money in politics during your second term ? A : PresidentObama Money has always been a factor in politics , but we are seeing something new in the no-holds barred flow of seven and eight figure checks , most undisclosed , into super-PACs ; they fundamentally threaten to overwhelm the political process over the long run and drown out the voices of ordinary citizens . We need to start with passing the Disclose Act that is already written and been sponsored in Congress - to at least force disclosure of who is giving to who . We should also pass legislation prohibiting the bundling of campaign contributions from lobbyists . Over the longer term , I think we need to seriously consider mobilizing a constitutional amendment process to overturn Citizens United  assuming the Supreme Court does n't revisit it  . Even if the amendment process falls short , it can shine a spotlight of the super-PAC phenomenon and help apply pressure for change . ----- Q : FifthSurprise What was the most difficult decision that you had to make during this term ? A : PresidentObama The decision to surge our forces in afghanistan . Any time you send our brave men and women into battle , you know that not everyone will come home safely , and that necessarily weighs heavily on you . The decision did help us blunt the taliban 's momentum , and is allowing us to transition to afghan lead - so we will have recovered that surge at the end of this month , and will end the war at the end of 2014 . But knowing of the heroes that have fallen is something you never forget . ----- Q : daveforamerica What is the first thing you 'll do on November 7th , win or lose ? A : PresidentObama Win or lose , I 'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country , and the amazing young people in our campaign offices . ------- Q : PartyInYourMouth How are you going help small businesses in 2013 and 2014 ? and what if any bills are you going to implement for small businesses , in 2013 , and 2014 ? A : PresidentObama We 've really focused on this since I came into office - 18 tax cuts for small business , easier funding from the SBA . Going forward , I want to keep taxes low for the 98 percent of small businesses that have $ 250,000 or less in income , make it easier for small business to access financing , and expand their opportunities to export . And we will be implementing the Jobs Act bill that I signed that will make it easier for startups to access crowd-funding and reduce their tax burden at the start-up stage . -------- Q : SharkGirl We know how Republicans feel about protecting Internet Freedom . Is Internet Freedom an issue you 'd push to add to the Democratic Party 's 2012 platform ? A : PresidentObama Internet freedom is something I know you all care passionately about ; I do too . We will fight hard to make sure that the internet remains the open forum for everybody - from those who are expressing an idea to those to want to start a business . And although there will be occasional disagreements on the details of various legislative proposals , I wo n't stray from that principle - and it will be reflected in the platform . ------- Q : ormirian Are you considering increasing funds to the space program ? A : PresidentObama Making sure we stay at the forefront of space exploration is a big priority for my administration . The passing of Neil Armstrong this week is a reminder of the inspiration and wonder that our space program has provided in the past ; the curiosity probe on mars is a reminder of what remains to be discovered . The key is to make sure that we invest in cutting edge research that can take us to the next level - so even as we continue work with the international space station , we are focused on a potential mission to a asteroid as a prelude to a manned Mars flight .	Obama answers questions on Reddit in Ask Me Anything chat Wednesday Obama : Key to future is "  growing and creating solid middle class jobs " President says 6:30 p.m. dinner with family helps work/life balance
CNN  -- Some thought it was a bomb . Others thought it was the commuter train that runs behind their buildings jumping the tracks . It shook upper Manhattan for blocks -- and when it was over , a five-story apartment building and its neighbor were gone . After Wednesday morning 's deadly building explosion in East Harlem , squads of firefighters dug through piles of shattered bricks and beams . Ladder trucks sprayed water into the gap where the buildings once stood . As Detective Martin Speechly , a New York police spokesman , put it : "  1644 Park Avenue appears not to be there anymore . " Along with that five-story apartment building , with a Latino evangelical church on the first floor , a neighboring piano store and the four floors above it collapsed in the blast . One nearby resident , Angelica Avila , told CNN she was trapped in her apartment down the block for a short time afterward . Her stepmother had to sneak in through the back to try and open the door for her , she said . "  My neighbors came banging on my door . I guess they were evacuating the building , and I could n't get out -- my door was jammed , " she said . "  Everything off my windowsill fell , and I guess the impact of the explosion jammed the door as well . " Something similar happened to Aisha Watts , who had just returned to her apartment in one of the adjoining buildings after taking her children to school . Then the windows broke out , and "  the walls came tumbling down , " Watts said . A neighbor helped her out of her apartment , because the door was stuck in its frame . And she and her neighbors will have to find someplace else to stay temporarily . "  We ca n't go back for the next couple of days , " Watts said . Three blocks away , the blast knocked Klay Williams off his feet as he brushed his teeth before work . He told CNN 's sister network HLN that his first thoughts were a possible terrorist attack , "  as New Yorkers , we tend to do , " or maybe a derailment of the nearby Metro-North commuter line . "  I went to my back window , because I 'm on the very top floor , " he said . Looking down the street , he saw "  a bunch of people just running , as if they were running towards something . " Authorities suspect the explosion was the result of a gas leak reported a short time before . Seven blocks away , Eric Boise could feel his apartment shake and saw others "  pouring out of the apartment buildings at 116th and Madison Avenue . " He followed himself , watching as firefighters hauled gurneys into the wall of smoke to bring out the wounded . "  I can see in front of me about 50 feet up until the explosion , and then it gets pretty thick , " Boise told CNN . Michael Mowatt-Wynn , the head of the Harlem & the Heights Historical Society , called the surrounding area "  a community in transition . " Its population of 100,000-plus was once largely Italian . In the late 1950s , large numbers of Puerto Ricans moved in -- in part because of the similarities between their native Spanish and the Italian still spoken there . The 1990s brought a growing Mexican population , and now the area is being gentrified , Mowatt-Wynn said . It 's home to a lot of mom-and-pop businesses and restaurants , and the City University of New York-Hunter College is building a new dormitory in the area , he said . The full toll was uncertain early Wednesday afternoon , but at least three people had died , dozens were hurt and about 10 were unaccounted for . The suspected cause was a gas leak that had been reported only 15 minutes before the explosion , Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters . "  This is a tragedy of the worst kind , because there was no indication in time to save people , " he said . Among the missing was 67-year-old Carmen Tanco , whose nieces and godson awaited word near the ruins of her building . Liz Robinson said the family had given her aunt 's name to the office of her city councilwoman , which was canvassing hospitals to track down the injured -- "  and she 's still not on any of those lists . " "  She 's a dedicated worker . She works at a doctor 's office for many years now . So they 're worried as well , " Robinson said . "  They have n't heard from her . Today 's her assigned day off . " Another niece , Marisela Frias , said her "  sassy , spicy " aunt rarely fails to answer her phone -- "  and if she misses it because she did n't get to it in time , she calls me right back . " "  I 'm hoping , thinking that the reason she has n't been in one of the lists is because she 's so involved helping somebody else that was injured from the building -- that she has n't taken toll to herself because that 's how she is , " Frias said . CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Rose Arce , Chris Kokenes and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Missing resident 's family waits for news One East Harlem resident felt the blast seven blocks away "  1644 Park Avenue appears not to be there anymore , " a police spokesman says The explosion rattles "  a community in transition "
Sorry , no Chinese researchers allowed ! Oh wait , seems like that was a misunderstanding . Please do come . NASA 's management apparently misinterpreted a security law when it barred Chinese researchers from attending the space agency 's Kepler Science Conference in November , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Sunday . Xinhua said NASA sent a letter to Chinese scientists inviting them back and cited excerpts from the letter . NASA did not immediately respond to a request for comment early Sunday morning . The confusion apparently stemmed from a U.S. law passed in 2011 that prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China or to host Chinese visitors at its facilities . NASA had announced that Chinese nationals would not be allowed to attend the conference for NASA 's Kepler space telescope program at the Ames Research Center due to national security . The space telescope has been searching for planets outside of our solar system . Earlier this month , China slammed NASA for its decision to ban Chinese scholars from the conference , calling it "  discriminatory . " Gong Li , an official with the Party School of the China Central Committee 's Communist party , said the ban was similar to previous U.S. action against the former Soviet Union during the Cold War . He said it also illustrated U.S. fear of China 's fast development . NASA did n't release an official statement on its website due to the U.S. government 's partial shutdown earlier this month . But some U.S. scientists joined in decrying the decision and called for a boycott of the conference . "  In good conscience , I can not attend a meeting that discriminates in this way . The meeting is about planets located trillions of miles away , with no national security implications , " Geoff Marcy , an astronomy professor at the University of California , Berkeley , wrote in an e-mail to the organizers . Russian divers find huge suspected meteorite chunk in Chelyabinsk ` Inaccuracies ' U.S. Republican Rep. Frank Wolf , who drafted the 2011 law , issued a statement on his website that sought to correct "  inaccuracies " about the restrictions first reported by Britain 's Guardian newspaper . "  I was concerned to read an October 4 article in The Guardian that reported on poor guidance about these policies with regard to restrictions on Chinese nationals attending a conference next month at NASA Ames Research Center . Unfortunately , the article is riddled with inaccuracies , as is , it appears , the guidance provided by NASA Ames staff to the attendees , " Wolf wrote . "  As you know , the congressional provision -- which has been in place since early 2011 -- primarily restricts bilateral , not multilateral , meetings and activities with the Communist Chinese government or Chinese-owned companies . It places no restrictions on activities involving individual Chinese nationals unless those nationals are acting as official representatives of the Chinese government . " Security fears Wolf said NASA officials may have believed the decision was needed because of extra temporary restrictions on foreign nationals after a potential security breach by a Chinese citizen at a NASA facility earlier this year . In March this year , a Chinese aerospace contractor who worked for NASA was arrested at Washington 's Dulles International Airport as he boarded a flight to Beijing . Bo Jiang , who worked at NASA 's Langley 's Research Center in Hampton , Virginia , was charged with making false statements to U.S. authorities by failing to disclose all of the electronic devices he was carrying on his one-way flight . Wolf , who oversees congressional funding of several agencies , told reporters in March he believed Jiang was spying and had access to highly sensitive documents , including source codes for high-tech imaging used in missiles , unmanned aerospace equipment and other technology desired by the Chinese government . Big asteroid buzzes past Earth and will again in 19 years	NASA had barred from Chinese researchers from next month 's Kepler science conference Xinhua : NASA management apparently misinterpreted a 2011 U.S. security law The law prevents NASA funds from being used to collaborate with China
A Wesleyan University student who says she was raped in front of onlookers at a "  wildly out of control " campus fraternity party has filed a lawsuit against Xi Chapter of Psi Upsilon , 11 of its members and the alleged assailant , according to court documents . Cabri Chamberlin , then a freshman , said she was raped by another student last May at the Xi Chapter of Psi Upsilon fraternity house in Middletown , Connecticut , at a pledge "  strip show , " says the suit , which was filed Tuesday in a Connecticut federal court . CNN does not usually identify victims of sexual assault but has done so in this case because the woman wanted to make her name public . "  I 'm proceeding in this case with my real name instead of ` Jane Doe ' because as the victim of a heinous violent crime I 've done nothing wrong and have nothing to be ashamed of , " Chamberlin said in a statement provided by her lawyer . "  I ca n't even describe the pain of being raped , or how much it alters a life , and no other person should ever be forced to have that experience . I hope my experience and lawsuit will create changes that protect others . " At the party , the lawsuit says , many "  underage and extremely intoxicated " young people danced with naked pledges and "  spilled alcohol throughout the area . " Chamberlin , who has taken a leave from her studies , said she became extremely uncomfortable , put on her jacket and attempted to leave when a male student picked her up from behind and raped her in the presence of "  numerous others , " according to the lawsuit . Wesleyan public safety officers then took her to a nearby hospital , where a diagnosis of sexual assault was documented , the lawsuit says . "  Psi Upsilon Fraternity takes all reports of risk management violations , especially those with regard to sexual assault , very seriously , " Tom Fox , executive director of Psi Upsilon Fraternity , said on the fraternity 's website . "  We are currently investigating the incident and gathering further information . " After an internal investigation , the university expelled the alleged perpetrator and imposed "  sanctions against the fraternity and members , " according to a statement by Wesleyan President Michael S. Roth . The student named in the lawsuit , who has not been charged criminally , did not return calls seeking comment . Middletown police confirmed that they responded to a sexual assault complaint from the Psi Upsilon Fraternity house on May 4 , 2013 , spokeswoman Lt. Heather Desmond said . The investigation is ongoing , and no charges have been filed , she said . Desmond said police were having difficulty finding witnesses and urged anyone who attended the party from May 3 into May 4 and may have witnessed anything to call police . The lawsuit says the fraternity contractually demands self-governance from Wesleyan , relinquishing the public safety and housing services the university generally provides to students . The fraternity allegedly failed to adequately provide its own security , and the defendants failed to train themselves in safety and risk management issues , including sexual abuse prevention , hazing and the misuse of alcohol , according to the lawsuit . Chamberlin 's lawyer , Douglas Fierberg , said that because the fraternity sets itself apart from the university , officers from the university 's Department of Public Safety can enter the fraternity only in "  exigent circumstances " or when specifically asked to come in . "  This lawsuit seeks to hold this fraternity responsible for its gross mismanagement which it does under the guise of self-management , " Fierberg told CNN . "  Fraternity self-management has historically proven itself to be flawed and dangerous . Women have been raped because of this mismanagement . People have died because of this mismanagement . And this victim will hold the fraternity responsible for its tradition of dangerous mismanagement . " Wesleyan University would not comment on the fraternity 's arrangement with the Department of Public Safety , but Roth 's statement acknowledged that the university 's fraternities have "  some autonomy . " "  All have seen increased scrutiny over the past few years , " Roth said of fraternities . "  We intend to focus our attention on improving the safety of these spaces . " Wesleyan University was not named in the lawsuit . "  On behalf of the university community , I want to express our horror at this shameful assault , " Roth said in the statement . "  Sexual violence will never be tolerated on our campus . Sexual violence on college campuses is a national problem , and it 's important to raise awareness about this issue . At Wesleyan we are committed to caring for survivors , vigorously pursuing perpetrators , and creating a positive campus climate in which sexual violence and misconduct have no place . " Chamberlin has taken a leave of absence from the university since the attack and is receiving "  intensive counseling , trying to pull her life together , " her lawyer said . Chamberlin is seeking $ 10 million in damages , the lawsuit says . In 2012 , a Wesleyan student sued the university and another fraternity , which Wesleyan no longer recognizes as a student organization , after she said she was raped in its frat house two years before . The fraternity had garnered the on-campus reputation as the "  Rape Factory , " according to the lawsuit . Her assailant pleaded guilty to assault and unlawful restraint , court papers said . The case was settled in court-ordered mediation in August 2013 . Ending rape on campus : Activism takes several forms	Cabri Chamberlin says she was raped in front of others at a campus fraternity party She 's using her name , says "  as the victim of a heinous violent crime I 've done nothing wrong " The school expelled the alleged perpetrator , imposed sanctions on fraternity and members Middletown police said a sexual assault complaint at the frat house was under investigation
CNN  -- "  You sure ca n't eat oil , " Billy Redwing Tayac , chief of the Piscataway Nation , noted in video from the Cowboys and Indians Alliance protest last week in Washington against the proposed TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline . Ranchers and farmers have joined forces with tribal communities and created the unified coalition in opposing the construction of the pipeline that would transport tar sands oil through their lands from Canada to Texas . Despite TransCanada 's promises of jobs and money for the Great Plains region , the CIA is loudly voicing opposition to this shortsighted , quick-cash scheme that would poison the environment as well as humans who live there . It 's a simple message really , and one that Native peoples have been repeating for centuries . Whatever we do to the Earth , we do to ourselves . It 's not because we are closer to nature than others , have spirit animals or look really attractive on horseback that we know this basic fact . Everyone on Earth knows it , too , but they get pressured to ignore it . There is no escape from the order of nature . We are all subject to the same processes regardless of wealth , position or politics . In the end , there 's no way to stave off the simple true-ism that if we poison our land and water , we will sicken and die . Greed and its childish illusions of invincibility have long driven the uniquely foolhardy mindset that dominates American economics . To speak against it was to be marginalized as being a tree-hugger , a hippie or downright un-American . Perhaps until now . At the Protect the Sacred Gathering on the Dakota reservation in South Dakota last year , I witnessed the beginnings of the CIA 's current plan of action . I watched and listened as non-Native ranchers , farmers and environmentalists met with tribal folks , perhaps for the first time , creating a common language of love for the land , their families and community . More than a classic sociology 101 class experiment that draws disparate groups together by introducing a common enemy , the CIA 's current Reject and Protect action in Washington represents a consciousness shift among non-Natives . In the traditional Native worldview , the land , water and wildlife are also members of the community . We care for these relatives as we would care for other members of our families . As they have learned about this continuity of Native culture and environmental responsibility , the non-Native participants are embracing this philosophy , grateful that someone has finally given them permission to express it . Interviewed by the coordinators of the Reject and Protect website , Ben Gotchall , fourth-generation Nebraska rancher said , "  Historically , cowboys and Indians have been at odds , but no more . The CIA shows our cooperation and working together in mutual respect . "  That shared bond proves that we pipeline fighters are not just a few angry land owners holding out or environmentalists pushing a narrow agenda . We are people from all walks of life and include the people who have been here the longest and know the land best . "  Sadly , they know what it 's like to lose their land , to lose the ground that gives a nation its identity . We 're proud that they have joined us in this fight . Together this time , we can not lose . " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mary Annette Pember thinks the push to build the Keystone XL pipeline will hurt the land She says there is no escape from the order of nature if we poison our land and water She contends the land , water and wildlife are also members of the community
CNN  -- World champion Jenson Button fired a warning to his 2010 title rivals that he will be just as quick with new team McLaren after setting the fastest time of the pre-season testing sessions in Jerez . The British driver , who left Brawn ahead of the manufacturers ' champions takeover by Mercedes following the capture of his maiden drivers ' crown , ended the eight days at the Spanish circuit top of the timesheets on Saturday following a best effort of one minute 18.871 seconds . That run put the 30-year-old ahead of the 1:19.299 set by Red Bull 's Mark Webber on Friday and the 1:19.583 recorded by new McLaren teammate and 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton last week . McLaren reported on their Web site that Button was "  very comfortable and confident in the car " as he completed 108 laps in his third test with the team ahead of the final sessions in Barcelona next week . "  Both drivers will spend alternate days in the car evaluating the new bodywork and aerodynamic components ahead of the season-opener in Bahrain on March 14 , " McLaren said . Renault 's new signing Robert Kubica was second fastest in Saturday 's sessions , completing 117 laps in long runs in the R30 . Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi was third quickest over a similar distance ahead of Force India 's Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg in a Mercedes after the German took over from Michael Schumacher . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso was sixth , while Webber was back in eighth after his RB6 could manage only 88 laps after an engine failure . Meanwhile , struggling new team Campos hope to be on the grid in Bahrain after confirming that shareholder Jose Ramon Carabante has now taken a controlling stake . The Spaniard has appointed former Force India boss Colin Kolles as team principal of an outfit which has just one confirmed driver , Bruno Senna . "  I would like to thank Bernie Ecclestone , who worked tremendously to support our efforts to keep the team viable , " Carabante told F1 's official Web site . "  The whole rescue operation has been a race against time with the goal of always having the team run two competitive cars at the first Grand Prix of the F1 season . "  We have a lot of hard work still ahead of us but we are excited about making our F1 debut and looking forward to a competitive season . "	World champion Jenson Button sets fastest time of the eight pre-season testing sessions British driver tops timesheets at Jerez on Saturday for his new team McLaren Teams head to Barcelona next week for final sessions before first race in Bahrain Struggling new team Campos confident of competing after naming new team boss
CNN  -- Islam is a religion of compassion and mercy , considering that the two adjectives most used in the Quran to describe God are the "  compassionate " and the "  merciful . " It is also a religion of justice . Throughout Islamic history , many non-Muslims would take their disputes to Sharia courts , over their own religious courts , because of the firm injunctions in the Quran and Sharia law to adhere to high standards of justice . It is for this reason that , as an imam , I am deeply distressed to hear that a young Christian girl in Pakistan was accused by her angry Muslim neighbors of burning text from the Quran , Islam 's holy book , in violation of the country 's blasphemy laws . Reportedly , the girl is mentally challenged and used the pages for fuel . Some say that she may also be illiterate . After several hundred emotionally charged people surrounded her house to demand punishment , the police arrested her as a way to protect her . There is neither justice , compassion nor mercy in what has happened to the girl . Pakistan must champion Islam as a religion of peace and not allow a handful of extremists to define it for all Muslims ; such extremists confuse ordinary Muslims into thinking that Sharia law is about punishment rather than about promoting harmony and human flourishing . The Muslims in Pakistan must display the highest expression of Islamic values and principles . They must manifest the mercy and wisdom of one of the early Islamic leaders , Caliph Umar bin al-Khattab , who suspended the punishment for theft during a time of famine so as to best fulfill the intention of God 's law . I call upon Muslims in Pakistan to reject the accusations against the girl and live up to the highest ethical standards set forth by God and his messenger . It is not right to be angry and to want to punish a young girl for unknowingly burning words from the Quran . According to Islamic tradition , "  Works are rendered efficacious only by their intention . " In other words , the intention to commit a crime is a primary consideration in Islamic law . It was not the girl 's intention to blaspheme against the Quran , as she is mentally challenged and could not have understood the content of the pages . As a minor , the girl can not legally incur punishment . In the Islamic school of law practiced in Pakistan , one must demonstrate competence in making socially responsible judgments . This girl could not have demonstrated competence in her judgment . Furthermore , burning the physical book of the Quran is not an act of blasphemy . It has always been an acceptable means of disposing of an old copy of the Quran . In Islamic theology , the Quran is not a book but rather , as the name means in Arabic , the recitation of God 's word . Muslims use the printed copies as a memory aid in reciting this word , a word which can never be defiled . And lastly , to prevent this kind of incident from repeating in the future , we must turn to the help of the state . According to the objectives  maqasid  of Islamic law , the government must try to eradicate the poverty that drove the girl to scrounge for paper for fuel , as an obligation to provide sustenance in "  promoting wealth . " The government must actively work toward creating harmony between Pakistan 's various faith communities , a key aspect of fulfilling the objective of "  preserving religion . " And it has the responsibility to provide schooling for all citizens so that they can read as part of "  preserving the mind . " Muslims must be characterized by loving humanity , by upholding justice and by showing kindness toward their neighbors , even to the extent that should someone offer you a deadly poison , give him the choicest honey in exchange . Within Islamic history , the Muslim community has been known for such qualities . It is time again to take up that mantle and act always in the name of God , the most compassionate , the merciful -- b-ism Allahi al-raHmÄ	A young Christian girl in Pakistan was accused of burning text from the Quran Feisal Abdul Rauf : Muslims should not be angry at the girl , they should show compassion He says Pakistan must not allow a handful of extremists to define Islamic values Rauf : Islam is a religion of peace and justice ; Muslims must live up to its standards
CNN  -- Missiles fired by a U.S. drone killed three people in Pakistan early Thursday , Pakistani intelligence officials said , the first such attack since Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif asked U.S. President Barack Obama to end the campaign of drone strikes . The strike in northwest Pakistan also comes the week after human rights groups questioned the legality of the U.S. drone program in Pakistan and Yemen , documenting in detail some of the civilian casualties they say it has caused . The identity of the three people killed in the drone attack Thursday on a compound in the thinly governed tribal area of North Waziristan has n't yet been confirmed but they are believed to be militants , said two Pakistani intelligence officials . Three other people were wounded in the strike near Miranshah , the main town in North Waziristan , said the officials , who declined to be identified because they were n't authorized to speak publicly about the matter . The Pakistani government "  strongly condemns " the latest drone strike , the country 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . North Waziristan is rife with militants and is the area where the United States conducts its most intensive drone campaign , against the Pakistani Taliban and al Qaeda operatives . Sharif said last week that he brought up the issue of drone attacks with Obama when the two leaders met in Washington , "  emphasizing the need for an end to such strikes . " Ahead of that meeting , Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch released highly critical reports on the U.S. drone program . The groups said some of the attacks may have violated international law , a charge the White House denied . This week , members of a Pakistani family cited in the Amnesty report visited Washington to talk about a drone strike that killed a 68-year-old grandmother . The dead woman 's son and grandchildren said that by telling their story to members of Congress , they hope it will influence lawmakers to curtail the number of drone strikes in Pakistan . The U.S. government has said strikes by the unmanned aircraft are a necessary and carefully scrutinized part of the fight against militant groups . "  The administration has repeatedly emphasized the extraordinary care that we take to make sure that counterterrorism actions are in accordance with all applicable law , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said last week .	The attack hits a compound in North Waziristan in northwest Pakistan , officials say It comes after the Pakistani prime minister met with President Obama last week The Pakistani government says it "  strongly condemns " the latest strike Human rights groups have documented civilian casualties from drone strikes
CNN  The English Premier League  EPL  will gross over $ 8 billion from its latest domestic rights deal , with pay-TV broadcaster Sky retaining the largest proportion of live televised matches , it was announced Tuesday . The deal for the three seasons from 2016 covers 168 live matches per season , with Sky to show 126 games , including Friday night matches for the first time . Rival BT Sport has been awarded the remaining packages . It represents a massive increase on the $ 4.59 B paid by the same broadcasters to acquire the equivalent set of rights from 2013-16 and will make the EPL the second richest league in the world behind the National Football League  NFL  in the United States . Last week it was announced that the British Broadcasting Corporation  BBC  had paid $ 311 million to show highlights packages , while the lucrative overseas rights for the EPL have still to be assigned . Each succeeding rights auction since the EPL was launched in 1992 has seen large percentage increases and has directly benefited the financial position of the 20 clubs in English football 's top-flight . The money is shared among the clubs with 50 % of the amount divided equally , 25 % awarded as a result of their finishing position in the league and the final quarter distributed to clubs depending on how many of its games are screened live on television . The broadcast deals have helped propel all 20 into the top 40 in the annual league of richest clubs worldwide compiled by Deloitte , a leading sports business analyst . Austin Houlihan , who specializes in rights deals for Deloitte , said there was no sign that the upward trend was going to end any time soon . "  With increases already achieved from domestic live and highlights rights deals and anticipated strong growth in overseas deals , the benefits of the new deals for Premier League clubs will be substantial , " he told CNN . "  In 1991/92 , the season before the inception of the Premier League , top-flight clubs generated less than # 15m  $ 22.6 m  in broadcast revenue . In 2013/14 , the first season of the current three-year cycle , the 20 top-flight clubs shared broadcast distributions totaling # 1.5 billion  $ 2.26 B  . The new round of deals from 2016/17 , will deliver record amounts to clubs . "  With this latest round of Premier League deals we see no signs that the ` media rights bubble ' is going to burst any time soon , as some have predicted regularly over the last 20 years , " he added . Announcing the deal Tuesday , EPL chief executive Richard Scudamore said the clubs had delivered "  competitive and compelling football " which had helped to increase viewing figures as well as live attendances . "  Both Sky Sports and BT Sport have done a tremendous job in bringing the game to the fans as well as providing the revenue that allows clubs to invest in football , facilities , youth development and their communities , " he added . Sky , which is 39 % owned by Rupert Murdoch 's 21st Century Fox organization , has a network of television channels but also provides Internet and telephone services . It has had to fight off the challenge of BT Sport , a subsidiary operation of BT Group plc , the British multinational telecommunications services company , to win the biggest rights packages on the last two auctions of EPL rights . Balotelli winner Meanwhile , later Tuesday , some of the clubs set to benefit from the new riches were in action , with Mario Balotelli scoring the winner for Liverpool in their crucial 3-2 victory over Tottenham Hotspur . Harry Kane was among the scorers again as Tottenham twice came from behind to level , but lost out to the late strike from substitute Balotelli -- his first EPL goal . Arsenal edged bottom club Leicester 2-1 to move up to fourth , while QPR 's 2-0 win at Sunderland took them out of the bottom three , with Aston Villa dropping into the relegation zone after going down 2-0 at Hull .	English Premier League seals new domestic TV deal Live rights packages sold for total of # 5.136 B  $ 7.84 B Pay-TV broadcaster Sky wins five of seven packages Previous deal for three years worth # 3.01 B  $ 4.59 B
AOL Autos  -- Meet today 's most powerful production cars . Call your banker : The 2008 Lamborghini Murcielago LP640 costs more than $ 313,000 Today , we are experiencing the automobile world 's Age of Superlative Speed . During no other decade have so many cars offered so much speed . The secret behind the speed is power , because to go fast you need horsepower ... and lots of it . We took a look at the most powerful  and fastest  production vehicles sold in the United States plus the technology that makes the power possible . Want Horsepower ? Bring money . There is a direct link between big horsepower and big money . The reason is simple ; to make a reliable 600 + horsepower engine costs tens  or even hundreds  of thousands of dollars . Then you must wrap the engine in a vehicle capable of handling that prodigious power -- another hugely expensive proposition because to be safe at high speeds requires a sophisticated chassis , huge brakes and NASA-quality aerodynamics . The Horsepower per Dollar Champion Dodge Viper SRT-10 The first member of our 600 + Horsepower Club is the 2008 Dodge Viper SRT-10 . It 's also the value champion , with a list price of under $ 85,000 . An 8.4-liter cam-in-block , two-valve per-cylinder V-10 produces exactly 600 horsepower the old-fashioned way , with lots of displacement -- not fancy technology . For those who still appraise engines in cubic inches , the V-10 measures out at 512 cubic inches . What does so much horsepower feel like ? Of all the cars listed in this story , your author has only put significant miles on the Viper . We measured its limits at a Detroit drag strip where we experienced an epiphany of power . After completing 1/4 - mile runs in less than 11.8 seconds at over 123 mph , we now understand the lust unadulterated that power creates . Left to run , the Viper 's top speed is over 200 mph . 2008 Mercedes SL 65 AMG If your tastes are more sophisticated than the Detroit-born and built Viper , perhaps you 'll appreciate the Mercedes SL 65 AMG hard-top roadster . It 's 6.0-liter V-12 is fitted with twin turbochargers to produce 604 horsepower and a staggering 738 ft-lb of torque . The engine 's technology and the car 's formidable provenance command a list price of almost $ 190,000 . 2008 Mercedes S & CL 65 AMG Mercedes-Benz spent considerable engineering research and development dollars developing their hugely powerful V-12 , so this engine finds its way into many of the company 's highest performing models , including the handsome Mercedes S 65 AMG Sedan and Mercedes CL 65 AMG Coupe  both cost around $ 200k  . In these configurations , the engine produces 612 horsepower . Top speed  as with many high-performance German cars  is electronically limited to 155 mph . 2008 Maybach 62 and 57 In case you did n't know , Mercedes-Benz owns Maybach . This division is for Mercedes what Lexus is to Toyota . Not surprisingly , Maybach makes use of the same 612-horse twin-turbo V-12 found in powerful Mercedes to propel the stately 62 and 57 limousine-like sedans . These ultra rare , ultra premium , and ultra powerful sedans are available at ultra prices ranging between $ 350,000 - $ 440,000 . 2008 Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren What do you get when you combine racing technology with supreme luxury ? The Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren . McLaren is famous in racing series the world over for their advanced engineering , and the company 's partnership with Mercedes resulted in the SLR . This 617-horsepower , 212 mph automotive arrow carries a list price of just under half a million . The power comes from a supercharged 5.5-liter V-8 . 2008 Ferrari 599 Producing 620 horsepower at a screaming 7600 RPM , the 6-liter V-12 in the Ferrari 599 is the most powerful engine the legendary Italian company has ever let loose on the streets . With a top speed of 200 + mph and the ability to reach 60 mph in 3.5 seconds , the 599 is among the world 's most impressive performers , especially at its list price of $ 302,584 . 2008 Lamborghini Murcielago LP640 The horsepower war is n't just global , it 's local . Ferrari and Lamborghini have been battling it out for Italian bragging rights since the 1960s . Currently , Lambo is on top with their 632-horsepower 6.5-liter V-12 found in their Murcielago coupe and roadster LP640 models . Audi now owns the Italian automaker , so quality is solid . Prepare to spend $ 313,600 for a coupe , more for a roadster . Bugatti Veyron 16.4 The Bugatti Veyron bends the mind in so many ways . First , its horsepower 1001 eclipses every other production car on the planet . The engine displaces 8 liters  less than the Dodge Viper  but utilizes 16 cylinders configured as a W  actually twin off-set V-8 engines that share a common crankshaft  . There are four turbochargers . The Veyron 's top speed has been confirmed by multiple sources to be over 250 mph , attainable only after utilizing the car 's "  top speed key . " At this speed , the car burns 2.46 miles per gallon . This land-bound missile figuratively blasts off from a stop with a sophisticated all-wheel-drive system , reaching 60 mph in 2.5 seconds  say , "  one Mississippi , two Mississippi . " With the exchange rate what it is , check with your banker , as you 'll need approximately $ 1.5 million to put the German-built Bugatti Veyron 16.4 in your estate 's carriage house  or under the car port of your apartment  . With a 10-percent down , your monthly outlay over 60 months at 6.75 % interest will be an affordable $ 26,572 prior to tax and title fees . Coming Soon : Corvette ZR1 Introduced at the 2008 Detroit Auto Show this past January , the Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 will be unleashed with a supercharged V-8 producing at least 620 horsepower when it goes on sale this fall . Expect phenomenal performance with a top speed in excess of 200 mph at a relatively affordable price of around $ 100,000 .  Chevy always did know how to deliver value . Not quite production , but over 600 HP Most every American enthusiast knows about the $ 42,000 Mustang Shelby GT500 . Its supercharged V-8 thumps out 500 horsepower . However , today there are dozens of equally powerful cars , so 500 ponies is n't much to brag about . A trip to Carroll Shelby 's Las Vegas workshop with your GT500 and $ 28,000 gets you a 100 horsepower boost . Congratulations : For $ 70,000 , you 've discovered the cheapest way into the 600 Horsepower Club .	Making a 600 + horsepower engine can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars Safety at high speeds requires NASA-quality aerodynamics The German-built Bugatti Veyron 16.4 goes 250 mph and costs $ 1.5 million
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Did President Obama break his promise to Latino voters that he 'd deliver a comprehensive immigration reform plan in his first year ? And if so , will it wind up costing Democratic candidates in the November mid-term elections and , for that matter , the president himself when he comes up for re-election in 2012 ? The answers are : yes and probably . Yes , of course , Obama broke his promise to Latinos . And it is probably true that , for doing so , Obama and fellow Democrats will continue to lose Latino support . And I 'm not the only one saying it . This week , during an appearance on "  John King USA , " Univision anchor Jorge Ramos blamed Obama and congressional Republicans for failing to take action to fix the nation 's broken immigration system . The issue is at the center of Ramos ' new book , "  A Country for All : An Immigrant Manifesto . " Guest host Jessica Yellin showed a video clip of Ramos asking candidate Obama in 2008 if he would commit to reforming the immigration system . Obama responded , "  I can not guarantee that it 's going to be in the first 100 days . But what I can guarantee is that we will have in the first year an immigration bill that I strongly support and that I 'm promoting and that I want to move that forward as quickly as possible . " That first year came and went , and now we 're 18 months into the Obama administration . There 's no immigration bill in sight . In fact , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , has said that he wo n't propose a bill he 's been working on until after the November elections , possibly as late as March 2011 . Yellin asked Ramos what he made of this . "  Obama  broke his promise , " he said . "  It 's that simple , and obviously , he does n't have the 60 votes . " Then , Ramos backed off a bit and , parroting a popular line coming out of the White House , started blaming the GOP . "  Where are the Republicans ? " he asked . "  Where are the 11 Republicans that voted for immigration reform two years ago ? Where is John McCain ? " Indeed . McCain is running for re-election back in Arizona , doing his best impersonation of Wyatt Earp at Tombstone . The Straight Talk Express has become the Pander Mobile . Sure , the Republicans deserve their share of the blame , especially since they 've tried to oversimplify and demagogue the issue to scare up support . But let 's not forget which political party controls both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . The many Latinos I 've been hearing from in the past six months have n't forgotten . Although he hails from Chicago , Illinois , a city and state with sizable Latino populations , Obama has spent most of his life in a black and white world . He knew very little about Latinos before he launched his presidential campaign , and he was forced to try to find a way to speak to them . He seized on the strategy of being a kinder and gentler alternative to Republicans on the immigration debate . He condemned ICE agents who "  terrorize " immigrants by snatching parents away from their babies in workplace raids and promising to deliver comprehensive immigration reform in his first year in office . Now , after a year and a half in office , ICE is still conducting immigration raids , and comprehensive immigration reform is n't on the table . More and more of the Latinos I hear from feel as if they 've been snookered . They see the passion that Obama put into an issue he really cared about -- health care -- and they resent the fact that when it comes to immigration reform , the president seems to think that words speak louder than actions . What they resent even more is that they feel teased every time Obama makes yet another major speech promising to deliver something he has no intention of delivering -- comprehensive immigration reform . With the delaying and the teasing , it 's not surprising that Obama 's stock with Latino voters is falling . Obama won two-thirds of the Latino vote in 2008 . In January , at the end of his first year , his job approval rating with Latinos stood at 69 percent . In February , it fell to 64 percent . And , in May , according to a recent Gallup poll , it slipped to 57 percent . Some political observers believe that the recently filed lawsuit by the Department of Justice against the Arizona immigration law is part of the administration 's strategy of rebuilding support with Latinos , about 70 percent of whom oppose the measure . I hope not . For one thing , that strategy would n't work . Latinos are n't about to give Obama , a former lecturer on constitutional law , much credit for recognizing the obvious : that the Arizona law is blatantly unconstitutional because it usurps federal authority over immigration law in violation of Article 1 , Section 8 . The suit could have gone further and argued , as other lawsuits against the measure have , that the process of implementing the law runs the risk of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment by singling out Latinos as the most likely to resemble illegal immigrants . Such a law is so odious that the idea that the federal government would challenge it is a given . After all , the Obama administration is n't suing Arizona to defend Latinos but to defend the Constitution . So that wo n't assuage the concerns of Latinos that the White House does n't really care about them or issues that matter to them . The way to do that is to pass comprehensive immigration reform . Until that happens , words without actions are meaningless . In fact , every time this administration tries to reassure Latino voters that it is in their corner , the effect is the opposite . It reminds Latinos that , as long as Obama is in the White House , they 're on their own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Barack Obama promised to have an immigration bill he could support in his first year in office Ruben Navarrette Jr. says the president did n't fulfill the promise He says Republicans share the blame , but Democrats control Washington Navarrette : Latino voters are losing faith in the Obama administration
CNN  -- Fourteen can be a time of total transformation . It is an age when gangly adolescent limbs may morph into lithe , stronger ones . It is when the first signs of adulthood -- breasts , hair  on faces and other places  -- start cropping up . Fourteen is also the soonest any child should be tackling on a football field , heading a soccer ball , or body checking an opponent on an ice hockey rink , according to a leading concussion expert . "  If kids do n't have axillary  underarm  or pubic hair , they are n't ready to play , " said Dr. Robert Cantu , a neurosurgeon at Emerson Hospital in Massachusetts and author of a new book , "  Concussion and Our Kids . " "  And I have absolutely no problem with parents who want to hold a child out for longer , say 16 or 18 . " No tackling ? No body checking before 14 ? Heading a soccer ball before 14 in soccer might be sacrificed -- if studies eventually bear out the debatable link to concussion -- but tackling and body checking essentially define football and hockey . Limit hits , limit concussions in young brains In Cantu 's words , "  These are sports in which smashing into your opponent is n't just a possibility -- it 's the object of the game . " And there is some substance behind the argument for waiting until 14 , says Cantu , not the least of which is protecting young , developing brains . At 14 , he says , several things enhance the body 's ability to protect against head trauma . Before 14 , there is a size disparity between the head and the body , causing what concussion experts call a "  bobble-head " effect -- the head snaps back dramatically after it is hit . "  Our youngsters have big heads on very weak necks and that combination sets up the brain for greater injury , " said Cantu , a clinical professor of neurosurgery at Boston University School of Medicine . However , around age 14 , a child 's skull is about 90 % the size of an adult 's , and the neck and body are strong enough to steel the head against the force of a blow , according to Cantu . The more developed the neck muscles , the less dramatically the head  and thus the brain  is rocked after a tackle or a body check . And then there is the issue of brain development , and a protein called myelin . Myelin acts as insulation , a sort of buffer , for nerve fibers in the brain . Football player : Are you OK ruining a kid 's brain for this game ? By 14 , Cantu says children have a "  better myelin-ated " brain , making them less vulnerable to injury . Of course , such a bold proposition , one that would effectively change the way sports are played , causes a minor stir among experts . "  I do n't know what is magic about the number 14 , " said Dr. Julian Bailes , co-director of the NorthShore Neurological Institute . "  People suggest radical solutions , but is it practical ? Is it going to be done ? " Bailes acknowledges the debate as complicated . On one hand is a real need to protect children , on the other the unavoidable and possibly insurmountable cultural questions that enter the discussion . "  What does the sporting public want and what is something we can really accomplish ? " said Bailes , who also is chairman of the Pop Warner medical advisory board . "  As a society , as sporting fans and participants , are we ready to say we 're not going to play football ? " Apart from the cultural implications of placing broad limits on contact , there also is the question of what age-specific limits on hitting actually imply about a child 's long-term risk for brain damage . There is no definitive set of risk factors for diseases like chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a dementia-like illness that is associated with blows to the head -- although cases as young as 17 have been identified -- and no clues yet from the scientific community about when and precisely how it starts . Suicide linked to brain disease And then there is the pesky question of science . "  I would very clearly disagree with the concept that there is research to support  no contact before age 14  , " said Dr. Jeffrey Kutcher , chair of the Sports Neurology Section of the American Academy of Neurology . "  I do n't feel like we need to have all the science lined up before we make policy decisions , but those decisions should be made based on common sense and science rather than randomness . " Yet even Kutcher has difficulty dismissing the idea outright . The reality , he says , is that brains do n't like to be hit a lot and younger brains are still developing , which could cause problems down the road . Kutcher says he advocates "  diminishing versus outlawing " head contact , adding that waiting to tackle until age 14 sounds arbitrary . "  Some of the sports we 've introduced children to involve hundreds of hits to the head , " said Chris Nowinski , a concussion expert and author of "  Head Games . " "  Show me the scientific evidence that that 's a good idea . " What everyone seems to agree about is that hits to the developing brain are bad ; that agreement can dissolve once the emotionally charged conversation about the sanctity of sport begins . "  I would love to debate anyone , anytime , anywhere about this , " said Cantu . "  What the other side will say is you have to teach the kids the skills of a sport at a very young age otherwise they 're at a competitive disadvantage . It 's just plain B.S. " "  I 'm pro-sports . I just want them to be played more safely , " said Cantu , adding that youth athletes have the least-experienced coaches and few medical personnel on the sidelines , putting them at a compelling disadvantage . What he wants is for parents to carefully consider the potential long-term consequences of brain blows in their children -- to advocate for their safety . "  Reform should be happening much faster at the youth level than it does , " said Nowinski , who is co-founder of the Sports Legacy Institute with Cantu . "  We 're saying wake up , your child has so many disadvantages . "  Your kids only have one life and you should think twice about putting your kid in a sport where they 're hitting their head repeatedly . " As for the magic number 14 ? Cantu says that age matters less than maturity and that parents might even decide to wait until after age 14 to expose their children to contact . "  The mantra of the book is that no head trauma is good head trauma , " said Cantu . The brain can not be conditioned to take head trauma so make it as little as possible . " Questions lingers about long-term impact of subtle hits to the head	Concussion expert says kids should n't be tackling , body checking until 14 Before 14 , expert says , "  bobble head " effect snaps back the brain Myelin acts as insulation for nerve fibers in the brain after the age of 14 Opponents says the age is arbitrary and that science has n't backed up conclusions
CNN  Gov. Chris Christie will make his third foreign trip since September when he travels to United Kingdom next month , venturing abroad as he prepares for what many consider a likely presidential bid . The trip , scheduled for Feb. 1-3 , will include stops in London and Cambridge , where the New Jersey Republican will meet with business leaders and government officials . Clinton prepares for 2016 with staffing picks , meetings It 's being billed as an "  opportunity to strengthen economic and cultural ties between the United Kingdom and New Jersey while pursuing real opportunities in the life sciences and finance sectors , " according to Maria Comella , Christie 's deputy chief of staff for communications and planning . Christie traveled to Mexico in September and to Canada in December , where he made energy policy a big priority . "  As with all of his previous trips , this is a way for Gov. Christie to not just help grow New Jersey , but really listen and learn , " Comella said . More details are still being worked out , but the governor is not scheduled to meet with the Queen or Prince Harry , the latter of whom toured recovered areas from Superstorm Sandy with Christie last year . News of the trip comes as Christie carries out a busy swing in the Washington-Maryland area . Before he attends Larry Hogan 's inauguration ceremony Wednesday in Annapolis , Maryland , the New Jersey governor will huddle with a group of House Republicans for an informal meet and greet . Timeline : Chris Christie and Jerry Jones and why you should care The private event , which takes places in the Capitol Hill area early Wednesday morning , is hosted by Rep. Candice Miller of Michigan and Rep. Patrick Meehan of Pennsylvania . According to her spokeswoman , Miller feels that Christie is an "  incredible leader " and she organized Wednesday 's event to get his "  insight on the future of the party . " While it 's early in the Republican presidential race , Miller thinks Christie has proven that he can govern well , especially in a blue state . Miller was also involved in arranging for Christie to speak to newly elected House Republicans back in November . On Tuesday , Christie was in Northern Virginia just outside of Washington to meet with members of the local technology community at a lunch personally organized by GOP donor Bobbie Kilberg . Kilberg stressed that the event was not a fundraiser , but rather a roundtable discussion on how the technology sector affects the economy . Christie spoke for about 15-20 minutes , she said , followed by a "  really good and robust " discussion with the group . About 80 of the 92 attendees were CEOs or presidents of companies or organizations , including the presidents of the University of Virginia , George Washington University , Virginia Tech and Marymount University . She and Christie are friends , Kilberg said , and they 've been talking about having such a meeting on technology since September , but due to the governor 's busy travel schedule as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , the governor was n't available until this month . "  So that is why it is set for now , " Kilberg said . "  People ought to not read into it . " Christie says family ca n't veto 2016 decision Separately , she said an organization that she leads -- the Northern Virginia Technology Council -- will co-host a leadership series starting in April with the Consumer Electronics Association for individuals seriously considering a presidential run . Christie said last week in a radio interview that he has n't made a final decision yet on whether to run for president . His allies and supporters are building a leadership political action committee that will help him travel around the country in the early stages of a presidential campaign . The governor said he 's urging his supporters to "  relax " and that the quickened 2016 campaign season has not affected his planning . " ` I 'm not going to allow other people to dictate to me my time frame , " he said .	Gov. Chris Christie will visit London and Cambridge next month It 's his third foreign trip since September and comes as he 's gearing up for a possible presidential bid
CNN  -- An American Airlines flight arriving at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport deployed its emergency slides for passengers Friday afternoon after the landing gear and some tires caught fire , an FAA spokesman said . The incident occurred about 2 p.m. on American Airlines Flight 41 , which was flying in from Paris , FAA spokesman Tony Molinaro said . The pilot reported that some tires caught fire upon landing , Molinaro said . American Airlines spokesman Ed Martelle said the plane 's crew reported a fire on brake No. 7 of the aircraft , a Boeing 767-300 , and the smell of a hot brake entered the ventilation system . The plane was carrying 220 passengers and 12 crew members , Martelle said . They were evacuated by the emergency chutes . One flight attendant reported being scratched evacuating down the chute , Martelle said . No other injuries were reported , he said . He described the incident as a routine landing where a braking incident occurred . It was not an emergency landing , he said . CNN 's Divina Mims , Mike Ahlers , Dave Alsup and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	American Airlines Flight 41 , a Boeing 767-300 , was flying in from Paris The landing gear and some tires catch fire upon landing about 2 p.m. Central The flight was carrying 220 passengers and 12 crew members
CNN  -- Chelsea Handler has made a clean break from E! . Or at least we assume it was clean , since Handler 's final "  Chelsea Lately " episode Tuesday included one of her infamous celebrity-accompanied shower scenes . Over the past seven years of "  Chelsea Lately " on the E! network , host Handler has roped two other stars -- friend Sandra Bullock and fellow late night host Conan O'Brien -- into having nude shower fights with her . The running gag was brought to a close on Tuesday as an indignant Ellen DeGeneres climbed into Handler 's roomy shower set , fully clothed but wearing a shower cap , demanding answers as to why Handler never had her on the show . "  Is it because I 'm a lesbian ? " DeGeneres asked Handler , who , per usual , was stark naked . "  No ! " Handler responded . "  I did n't even know you were a lesbian . I thought you were married to Ryan Seacrest . " You did n't think Handler would say goodbye to E! without landing another joke against the network 's patron saint of celebrity news , did you ? What we 'll miss about ` Chelsea Lately ' Throughout "  Chelsea Lately 's " eight-season run , Handler has commandeered an unabashedly salty late night show , which on a typical night included a ring of celebrity trash-talking comedians and a celebrity interview that ran more bawdy than promotional . Those irritated by the Justin Biebers and Kardashians of the world likely found a kindred spirit in Handler , who was n't ashamed to have open contempt for some of her show 's topics .  One of the rumored reasons for Handler 's exit was that she just did n't want to talk about Bieber anymore . It 's no surprise that neither the pop star nor E! 's first family participated in Handler 's farewell show Tuesday , but there was n't a shortage of celebrity guests . Handler is known to run with a powerful crew that includes A-list actress Jennifer Aniston . On Tuesday , the former "  Friends " star joined Sandra Bullock and Mary McCormack for a mock intervention  sit through it until the end ; the surprise guest is worth it  , and Miley Cyrus also showed up to perform a cover of Roy Orbison 's "  It 's Over . " Several more famous faces arrived to help sing Handler off the network , from Fergie and Gwen Stefani , to Gerard Butler , Selena Gomez , Dave Grohl and Alanis Morissette . Stefani , who accidentally called "  The Colbert Report " the "  Colbore Report " at the Emmys on Monday , poked fun at her mistake by introducing Handler as her "  good friend , Chelsea Hammer . " "  Goodbye to E! , it 's time to move on , " the stars sang in unison before instructing in classic Handler fashion , "  so roll yourself a joint , and have a drink . " On a more serious note , Handler did make some final remarks . "  I want to thank every single person who 's shown up for me in the last seven years , " Handler said . "  I never really got a good chance to be serious and say thank you , and I want you to know that I am grateful for this career . " Handler is moving on to Netflix from E! , where she 's expected to produce some comedy specials and deliver a new talk show in early 2016 . "  Thank you to my family , and mom I hope you 're watching me , " Handler said in her goodbye speech . "  I 'll see you on Netflix ! "	Chelsea Handler said goodbye to E! with the final episode of "  Chelsea Lately " Tuesday The hourlong episode was star-filled , including a shower with Ellen DeGeneres Handler is moving to Netflix next
CNN  -- A team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology won $ 40,000 in a high-tech scavenger hunt on Saturday by discovering the location of 10 red weather balloons . The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency announced that the MIT team was the first group in the contest to report the latitude and longitude coordinates of all 10 balloons , which were scattered across the United States . DARPA is the U.S. military 's research arm . Saturday 's challenge is the latest in a series that the agency has hosted since 2004 . This contest was designed to test the way social networking and lesser-known Web-based techniques can help accomplish a large-scale , time-critical task . DARPA said in a written statement that the MIT team discovered the locations of the 8-foot-wide balloons less than nine hours after they launched , around 10 a.m. ET . It did not say exactly when the task was completed or how many groups had participated . Johanna Jones , a spokeswoman for DARPA , said the hunt was designed in part to give the military new ideas on ways to operate in a range of situations , from natural disasters to combat . The agency said it plans to meet with teams to discuss their approaches and strategies used to build networks , collect information , and participate in the contest . The challenge was announced on October 29 -- 40 years after the first message was sent on ARPANET , the precursor to the Internet . DARPA said it hopes the contest will lead to advances in the way the military communicates and coordinates activities among multiple geographically separated groups . On MIT 's Web site , a link was posted inviting people to sign up to help find the balloons and urging them to invite their friends . It said the MIT Red Balloon Challenge Team "  is interested in studying information flow in social networks , so if we win , we 're giving all the money away to the people who help us find the balloons ! " It detailed a chain for giving away the money , beginning with $ 2,000 given to each person who first sent in the coordinates of each balloon . iReporter on balloon challenge "  We 're giving $ 2,000 per balloon to the first person to send us the correct coordinates , but that 's not all -- we 're also giving $ 1,000 to the person who invited them . Then we 're giving $ 500 whoever invited the inviter , and $ 250 to whoever invited them , and so on ... " it said . It was not immediately clear how many people participated for MIT . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	MIT team was first to discover the locations of 10 balloons scattered across U.S. Contest tested use of Web-based techniques to achieve time-critical tasks Challenge was announced on anniversary of first message sent on Internet 's precursor DARPA : Winning team discovered balloons ' locations less than nine hours after launch
CNN  -- Asbai Ramirez had toiled for months as a U.S. soldier in Iraq . But it was his 7,000-mile trip home -- racing against the clock to his wife 's bedside , for the birth of their baby -- that he described Monday as "  pretty intense . " The Army specialist told HLN 's Vinnie Politan that the tight timetable and sheer distance led him to believe that his chances were slim of joining wife Ashleigh Ramirez in Fort Polk , Louisiana , before their child was born . "  I did n't really have much hope about making it back , " Ramirez said . First , there was the matter of leaving Iraq . Ramirez said Monday that his unit commanders "  sent me back as soon as they could . " On the baby 's due date , he was finally back in the United States -- but not with his wife . Instead , he was in Fort Bragg in North Carolina , where he had to take a few mandatory classes . But the baby was still holding out . On Thanksgiving morning , Ramirez said he boarded a flight to Alexandria , Louisiana , then quickly hopped on the road -- still about one hour , 15 minutes from the base in the western part of the state . "  I got into a car and pretty much flew down there , " Ramirez said from Fort Polk . "  I made it just in the nick of time . " Specifically , the soldier said he burst into the hospital room about 30 minutes before his son , Jason , made his own grand appearance . Ramirez said that , throughout the process , he 'd been in regular contact with Ashleigh . But talking online and by phone did n't compare to being with his growing family in person , especially with baby Jason in his arms . "  He 's doing fantastic , " the soldier said of his son . "  I could n't ask for a better gift than to have him healthy and here with me . "	Spc. Asbai Ramirez was in Iraq during much of his wife 's pregnancy He returned to the U.S. on his baby 's due date , but had to take classes On Thanksgiving , he flew to Louisiana then rushed to the hospital Ramirez says he got there about 30 minutes before his son was born
Editor 's note : Do you have great pictures and stories to tell about your latest or favorite amusement park ride ? Please let us know at CNN iReport 's latest travel snapshot assignment : Theme Park Thrill Rides ! Travel and Leisure  -- As you speed along the ship 's top-deck raft ride , waves break at the ocean 's surface 150 feet below . It 's an acrophobe 's nightmare -- and could be the most thrilling moment of your next cruise vacation . We 've come a long way in the century since the Titanic , when that ship 's heated swimming pool was a mind-boggling luxury . Now it 's AquaDuck , the cruise industry 's first water coaster , that 's making a splash on board the Disney Dream and Disney Fantasy . It takes pluck to stare down the AquaDuck and the rest of the world 's craziest , record-breaking water slides . Some , like Brazil 's 135-foot-high Insano , are traditional body slides , while others resemble intricate roller coasters and showcase innovation in water slide technology and design . Read on for more of the loopiest , crowd-pleasing water slides around the globe . RideHouse Where : Happy Magic Water Cube Waterpark , Beijing When news broke that the cutting-edge Beijing National Aquatics Center  aka the Water Cube  would be converted into a theme park , expectations were high . And sure enough , China 's first themed indoor water attraction debuted in 2011 tricked out with valves , cranks , jellyfish , buckets , water cannons , giant bubbles , climb nets and spray tubes -- and that 's the short list of design elements . Crazy Fact : RideHouse is made up of 12 slides  the most of any water-play structure in the world  and boasts its own giant water-filled cube that periodically soaks those waiting for their turn . Toboggan Where : Città del Mare Hotel Village , Palermo , Italy Eleven slides form Sicily 's most scenic water attraction , which runs down a cliff on the northwest coast of the island . On a sun-drenched summer day , the turquoise slide , which is open to guests of the resort , complements the clear-blue waters of the Gulf of Castellammare -- the end point of Toboggan . Keep your eyes open : The slide passes three decks , and each level delivers spectacular views of the 67-acre property . Crazy Fact : A full top-to-bottom journey down this seaside slide will send you into four separate bodies of water : three pools and the Mediterranean Sea . King Cobra Where : Six Flags Great Adventure , Jackson , New Jersey The king cobra is the world 's longest venomous snake , so it makes sense that this eponymous ride , which opened in July , promises to be one of the craziest theme-park attractions . Resembling a massive cobra , the ride makes an intimidating first impression with its oversize black , yellow and bold orange scales and allows two tubes to zip up to 32 mph . Crazy Fact : The ride 's finale features a sudden 25-foot drop at a 50-degree angle that creates the illusion of riders being swallowed by the king 's massive mouth . Travel and Leisure : World 's coolest bazaars Wild Vortex Where : Wilderness at the Smokies , Tennessee This water-park resort has indoor rides -- with a giant glass roof -- that keep the thrills coming all year long . But adrenaline junkies will want to head outdoors for the newest challenge : the 66-foot-tall Wild Vortex , which debuted in June . While the ride lasts only seven seconds , do n't underestimate the rush you can get from its sharp vertical plunge and a gravity-powered loop-the-loop , which riders experience at a 2.5 g-force . Crazy Fact : Do n't like surprises ? Well , be warned that the first 39-foot free fall is initiated by the sudden release of a trap door . Behemoth Bowl Where : Chimelong Water Park , Guangzhou , China Seated face-to-face on four-person rafts , riders reach speeds of 32 feet per second as they plummet down a 262-foot-long translucent tunnel and into a 60-foot-wide bowl  the world 's largest  . After multiple spins , riders are dropped through a central chute and into a large splash pool . Crazy Fact : A YouTube search of bowl slides turns up videos of unsuspecting riders getting stuck in the "  drain . " Not on this slide . ProSlide 's patented CorkScrew ™ exit system is the ride 's essential design component and ensures a safe ejection . Phew . Insano Where : Beach Park , Aquiraz , Brazil Brazil 's 135-foot attraction stands out from the crowd , even if it 's not quite the tallest waterslide to make our list  Italy 's 197-foot Divertical takes that title  . Riders are certainly impressed and wait in line to brave that infamous 14-story drop . And you can expect those lines to get longer : In 2011 , Brazil 's largest water park hosted 788,000 visitors , which represents a 7 % increase from the prior year . Crazy Fact : The singular sharp slope produces a rapid descent ; Insano plunges at a speed of 65 mph , taking riders from start to heart-pounding finish in less than five seconds . Divertical Where : Mirabilandia , Ravenna , Italy Say hello to the world 's tallest water ride : the $ 26 million Divertical , which officially debuted in June . The coaster features a one-of-a-kind elevator lift system that brings 10-person boats to the top of the 197-foot-tall attraction . As they slide along a roller coaster track , riders face drops , hairpin turns and then an oversize splash pool at the finish line . Crazy Fact : The initial plunge takes you through a 45-degree water flume at more than 65 mph . Travel and Leisure : America 's best swimming holes Wiegand Maelzer Slide Tower Where : Area 47 , Tyrol , Austria This stainless-steel lakeside attraction showcases flawless craftsmanship -- not to mention a handful of pretty extreme slides . After climbing up the 90-foot tower , riders have their pick among five , including a 328-foot-long chute with an added jump section at the bottom . Crazy Fact : The tower is also fitted with five diving boards  at 6.5 , 16 , 33 , 66 and 91 feet high  , though the tallest two are reserved for professional divers . Leap of Faith Where : Aquaventure Water Park , Atlantis Paradise Island , Bahamas This 60-foot-tall , nearly perpendicular slide cascades down a life-size replica of a Mayan temple -- the hallmark of the resort 's 140-acre waterscape . But for many , the real "  leap of faith " occurs after the initial drop when you 're subsequently propelled through a clear acrylic tunnel in a shark-infested lagoon . Crazy Fact : In 2008 , a female reef shark vaulted out of its tank and landed on the slide . While no resort guests were harmed  the water park had yet to open for the morning  , the shark could not tolerate the chlorinated water and died shortly afterward . Cliffhanger Where : Schlitterbahn , Galveston , Texas The park 's crowd-pleasing attraction , which debuted in 2007 , was part of a significant expansion -- and Cliffhanger still stands as the tallest and steepest ride among all four Schlitterbahn parks in the U.S. Like Summit Plummet , this single body slide consists of an alarming vertical drop . After being propelled from the top of the tower , riders plunge nearly 81 feet at speeds of up to 35 mph . Crazy Fact : The Cliffhanger is designed as an open chute , so you 'll be fully aware and exposed every second of that free-fall drop . Mammoth Where : Holiday World and Splashin ' Safari , Santa Claus , Indiana The $ 5.5 million Wildebeest ride , a high-speed hydromagnetic water coaster that uses linear induction motor technology , put this water park on the map in 2011 . Holiday World continues to expand with Mammoth , a slide towering seven stories and stretching more than three acres -- making it the world 's longest water coaster .  Wildebeest takes second place . Crazy Fact : Six-person rafts are propelled up and down hills in 12-foot-wide channels . There are five enclosed slide sections , which means you 'll be doing that twisting and shouting in the dark . Travel and Leisure : World 's coolest pools AquaDuck Where : Disney Dream and Disney Fantasy cruise ships Meet "  the Duck " -- the cruise industry 's first-ever shipboard water coaster . The 765-foot-long , four-deck-high AquaDuck debuted on Disney Dream in 2011 and has since been added to Disney Fantasy . Atop the aft deck , passengers hop on a two-person inflatable raft that is then propelled forward by high-powered water jets . Expect to be dropped , looped around and accelerated . Crazy Fact : After the initial drop , riders are thrust through a clear acrylic "  swing out " flume that extends 12 feet over the side of the ship -- and 150 feet above the ocean 's surface . Mount Gushmore 's Summit Plummet Where : Blizzard Beach at Walt Disney World , Orlando The first thing you see when you enter Blizzard Beach is 90-foot snowcapped Mount Gushmore , the world 's most photographed faux-mountain and home to one of the fastest free-fall speed slides . From the Summit 's ski jump tower , riders take a vertical plunge straight down to the base of the mountain . Crazy Fact : Exactly how vertical is that drop ? You 'll plummet 120 feet  about 12 stories  at a speed of 60 mph . Travel and Leisure : World 's craziest waterslides Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	RideHouse in Beijing is made up of 12 slides The 66-foot-tall Wild Vortex debuted in Tennessee in June The $ 26 million Divertical in Italy is the world 's tallest water ride
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's prime minister wants the American military to hand over "  Chemical Ali " and two other convicted officials from Saddam Hussein 's regime for execution , an Iraqi official said Tuesday , but the move could widen the divide between Iraq 's Sunni and Shiite Muslim communities . Ali Hassan al-Majeed , aka "  Chemical Ali , " was sentenced to death in June for his role in the 1988 Anfal campaign . Ali Hassan al-Majeed  aka "  Chemical Ali "  , Sultan Hashem Ahmed and Hussein Rashid were sentenced to death in June for their roles in the 1988 Anfal campaign , an Iraqi army operation in Kurdish-dominated northern Iraq that killed tens of thousands of people . The three were to be executed in October , 30 days after their appeals were exhausted , but the three members of Iraq 's presidency council have not signed the execution orders , as Iraqi law requires . Many Sunni Arabs and U.S. officials do n't think Ahmed and Rashid should be executed because such a move could anger Sunnis . Only recently have U.S. efforts to bring Sunni Arabs into the Iraqi political fold paid off . After the toppling of Hussein 's Sunni-dominated government and the emergence of the Shiite-dominated power structure , Sunni Arabs began supporting the insurgency . The United States since has made it a political priority to include Sunnis in the Iraqi power structure . At the same time , Iraq 's Shiites might be angry if the three men are n't executed . Shiites were persecuted under Hussein , and they want to punish convicted members of the former regime . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki wrote a letter to President Bush last week asking him to order the military to hand over the three men , but it was unclear if Bush replied , the official in al-Maliki 's office said . Though the Iraqi High Tribunal sentenced the men to death in June , the three remain in U.S. custody . The delay in their executions has been attributed to legal and procedural issues . U.S. officials said the men will be handed over when those issues are resolved . On Sunday , U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte told reporters in Baghdad that there are disagreements on what to do about the situation . "  Once the government of Iraq has reached a consensus on what they wish to do about these detainees , we will then take action , but at the moment the government of Iraq itself has not reached its own consensus as to what to do about this situation . So we await that , " Negroponte said . Iraqi law requires the three members of Iraq 's presidency council sign the execution warrants , but the law does n't explain what happens if leaders do n't sign the warrants . Jalal Talabani , the Kurdish president , and Tariq al-Hashimi , the Sunni vice president , are unwilling to sign an execution order . The third member of the council is the Shiite vice president , Adel Abdul Mahdi . A Western official close to the case said last month that Iraqi courts have not addressed whether the council 's inaction constitutes a de facto pardon or a stay of execution , but al-Maliki has said the ruling was upheld by an appellate court and should be carried out regardless of the signatures . Al-Maliki 's letter to Bush and public statements by the prime minister and others misrepresent "  the Iraqi law applicable in this particular case as well as with respect to the procedure governing executions more generally , " the official said . Iraqi legal advisers have informed the government of their "  unambiguous opinions " regarding the law and executing the three men without approval of the presidency council "  would violate Iraqi law and , arguably , international law binding upon individual Iraqi officials , " the official said . The Western official further said Rashid was not "  criminally culpable for anything that happened during Anfal " and that Ahmed and is "  extremely popular " among military officials . Ahmed 's constituency "  cuts across Sunni-Shia lines , " the official said . "  At the end of the day , what I think that we shall see is a compromise : The life of Ali Hassan al-Majeed will be traded for the savings of the lives " of Ahmed and Rashid , the Western official said . Other developments • A man appearing in a video shown by an Arabic-language TV network Tuesday is believed to be one of five Britons kidnapped in Baghdad this year , said a Canadian-based security firm that employs the man . A spokesman for Garda World Security Corp. said company officials believe that the video is authentic . The video , which included a demand for Britain to pull out of Iraq , shows two armed militants pointing machine guns toward the hostage but not to his head . It aired on the Dubai-based network Al-Arabiya . • A suicide bomber blew himself up Tuesday near a police station north of Baghdad , killing eight people and wounding 30 , police in Baquba said . The bomb detonated outside a main gate of a police station in Jalula . Among the dead were four police officers and two Iraqi Kurdish troops . The troops had been deployed to the area as part of a security crackdown . • A U.S. soldier was killed "  as a result of injuries sustained from a vehicle explosion during a vehicle recovery operation " in western Iraq , the U.S. military said Tuesday . Two troops were wounded in the Monday incident in Anbar province . The number of troops killed in the Iraq war stands at 3,876 . Seven civilian contractors also have been killed . • A freeze in activity by the Mehdi Army -- the militia of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr -- that began more than three months ago has had "  very significant " effects in Baghdad , a U.S. military commander said . Brig. Gen. Kevin Bergner cited security improvements , including potent military operations , the development of "  concerned local citizen " security volunteers and the development of grass-roots support for the Iraqi government . These have occurred amid a drop in attacks and a decline in civilian and military deaths since the U.S. troop escalation called the "  surge " began this year . • Commercial airline travel from the largest city in northern Iraq has resumed for the first time in 14 years , a development called a "  significant step for the revitalization of the economy " in the northern region , according to a U.S. military news release . A flight carrying 152 Muslim pilgrims for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the Saudi Arabian city of Mecca left the Mosul airport Sunday , the military said . The airport , built in 1992 , has n't had commercial airline traffic since a "  no-fly " zone was declared in 1993 by American troops during the Hussein era . • The U.S. military said Tuesday it had killed a high-ranking al Qaeda in Iraq operative who had been an adviser to the group 's leader , Abu Ayyub al-Masri , and to its former leader , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , who was killed in a U.S.-led coalition raid last year . Abu Maysara , aka Abu Basha'ir , was killed northeast of Samarra on November 17 during a coalition operation . He was identified using DNA , the military said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Western official : Executing trio without council 's approval would violate law Three men were slated to be executed in October , but orders still await signatures Delays blamed on legal issues , but officials say sectarian issues at play Western official predicts compromise : Only "  Chemical Ali " will be executed
CNN  -- This week , in a scene not witnessed during the 30-year rule of Hosni Mubarak , the Egyptian presidential palace was encircled with barbed wire as thousands of protesters opposing President Mohamed Morsy besieged it from all sides . The visual is shocking , considering that a few short months ago , Morsy stood without a shield to give a speech to thousands in Tahrir Square . Most experts would agree that Mubarak did not start out as the dictator he ultimately became . Indeed , the oppression , torture and crackdown on opposition his regime was known for grew gradually over the years before reaching the height of brutality in his last term . It also took at least 10 years of determined commitment by activists and opposition to make change . The opposition grew from a few people beaten by police while peacefully protesting on the stairs of the Supreme Court to more organized groups such as Kefaya and April 6 , to the massive citizens uprising of January 25 , 2011 . But in just a few months , Morsy already has deployed all the ingredients of authoritarianism : intimidating media outlets , defaming opposition and casting doubt on their patriotism and intentions and using violence and detention against protesters . On November 22 , Morsy finally crowned these atrocities with a constitutional declaration granting him complete power over the executive , legislative and judiciary authorities , with no accountability . When the act was denounced at home and abroad , Morsy claimed that these are temporary measures were required to protect the revolution and help the transition to democracy . What has followed have been the opposite of democratic . Explainer : What 's driving Egypt 's unrest ? Morsy quickly announced that there would be a December 15 referendum to vote on the new draft constitution that was rushed through by the Islamist-dominated constituent assembly . The majority of liberal and secular voices had already boycotted the committee over a lack of transparency in the drafting process . Despite protests , strikes and a declaration by federal judges that they will not monitor what they consider to be an illegitimate referendum , Morsy shows no sign of reversing course -- ignoring opposition in the fashion of Mubarak . But Mubarak was not democratically elected . Then why is Morsy moving so frantically to consolidate his power without even attempting to disguise it behind a democratic facade ? The answer is , Morsy is not stupid . He is aware that he only won by a 1.7 % margin . A substantial number of his voters favored him only to avoid another era of military rule at the hands of his opponent , Mubarak 's ex-prime minister , Ahmed Shafik . In fact , the non-Islamist opposition arguably represents the majority , but only failed to mobilize for the election because it was deeply fragmented and disorganized . But Morsy 's coup has done what some thought impossible : unite the liberal/moderate opposition . Outside observers applauded Morsy 's early decisions -- such as dismissing the heads of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , releasing military prisoners and banning pornographic websites -- as surprising and bold . However , these decisions were either populist or designed to appease his constituency of Islamists . Morsy avoided making any painful , but essential , decisions , such as lifting subsidies , increasing prices of utilities and dealing with unemployment . But Morsy has made three major miscalculations . First , he made appeasing his own constituency a bigger priority than winning over the opposition . This helped them to unify against him . Second , he assumed that he would be immune from international criticism after his celebrated success in brokering a cease-fire between Hamas and Israeli earlier last months . Finally , and perhaps most importantly , he underestimated the Egyptian people . The massive protests on Tuesday , which included people of all ages , incomes and walks of life , showed that the Egyptian people no longer would accept dictatorship in any form . iReport : Bloody clashes around Egyptian Presidential palace The opposition has shaken Morsy 's misconceptions : The protests have been unified and included all political forces . Meanwhile the international community is not so naive and realizes that the opposition is not simply a minority group that wants to restore the old regime , a scenario the Brotherhood spokesmen publicly propagate . All is not lost for Morsy if he is willing to change course . If he were to withdraw the declaration , call for a national dialogue and provide an opportunity for an inclusive space to redraft the current document of the constitution , there is hope for getting Egypt back on track in its transition . At a minimum , he should extend the time frame for the referendum to open the door for a real national debate . This would not only spare the divided nation from descending into violent chaos but would also save Morsy and his party . It is already evident that situation is only escalating , with more violent clashes Wednesday between supporters and opponents of Morsy in front of the presidential palace . There is no guarantee that even this will regain stability or restore Morsy 's legitimacy , but what is certain is that the longer he delays his response to the angry masses , the more irreversible the situation will be . The political dynamics in Egypt have drastically changed since the revolution . Foreign governments , particularly the U.S. , should factor this into its approach to engaging with Egypt . This does not mean siding with one regime or playing one group against the other , but rather siding with the principles of freedom and democracy against oppression and authoritarian rule . The Egyptians are still waiting for the Obama administration to match its fine words with actions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Okail .	Nancy Okail : In only a few months , Mohamed Morsy has provoked protests She says this recalls Hosni Mubarak as Morsy has upended constitutional process She says he has miscalculated his mandate ; his actions have galvanized opposition Okail : He can still reverse course ; Egyptians and world wo n't stand for authoritarianism
Washington  CNN  -- As the rappellers on the Washington Monument check for cracks in the structure 's exterior , they wo n't be able to see themselves in another Washington landmark : the Reflecting Pool below . It 's currently a giant mud pit . The pool where tourists have been able to see majestic reflections of both the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial has been under construction since last November to address problems with leaking and to make the water cleaner with a new circulation system . Although it currently looks like a mess , Steve Lorenzetti with the National Park Service sees it differently . "  I describe it as almost done with the infrastructure necessary for us to finish this project , " he said . The Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool project is expected to be complete in the spring of 2012 . When finished , the pool will actually have about a third less water than previously and will be shallower . According to Lorenzetti , the general public wo n't be able to tell . "  The reflective quality of this pool is of paramount importance to us , " he said . "  So what you will see if there is no wind is a flat , glassy surface . " The Reflecting Pool is just one part of the aging National Mall that has problems , according to Caroline Cunningham , president of the Trust for the National Mall . She pointed out to reporters Tuesday other mall sites that have been neglected in recent years , including the area called Union Square up near the Capitol . "  Right now , there 's this beautiful reflecting pool . But , can we make it a place where people can come cool off in the summertime ? " she said , referring to another , smaller reflecting pool near the Capitol . She describes the National Mall as needing help , saying it needs to be more amenable for visitors . The Trust for the National Mall is currently running a design contest to come up with a sustainable , creative solution to problems at Union Square . "  It should be one of the most beautiful spaces on the National Mall and it has not really been touched since the 1970s when it was built , " she said .	Reflecting Pool has been under construction since last November New circulation system will keep the water cleaner , Park Service says When finished , the pool will actually hold less water than before Parks official : "  The reflective quality of this pool is of paramount importance "
CNN  -- A magnitude 7.9 earthquake struck off the coast of central Peru on Wednesday evening , killing 15 people and leaving 70 hurt , President Alan Garcia said on national television . Pedestrians try to make calls on their cell phones in Lima , Peru , after a strong earthquake Wednesday . Peru 's Panamericana TV put the death toll at 17 . It showed footage of traffic lights in the capital , Lima , swaying with the quake . After everything stopped shaking , medics were seen tending to a woman . The video also showed chunks of plaster that had fallen from buildings . Some Lima residents were sobbing after the temblor , while others appeared to be praying . "  This has been the most terrifying experience we 've had , " Gladys Tarnawiecki told CNN from her home in Lima . "  It was extremely long ... never in my life had I experienced this long an earthquake , " she said . See the Lima resident describe how people were ` shouting and praying ' " Many people were outside in the streets , she said , as the radio warned them that aftershocks could follow the quake . Tarnawiecki said she was waiting in her car , afraid to go back inside . "  It was chaos , " said Fernando Calderon , an American visiting Peru . "  Everybody started crying -- kids , everybody . Everybody started running toward any empty space . Everybody was afraid the buildings were going to collapse . " "  It 's an awful experience , because there 's no warning , " he said . The quake shook inland towns , as well as cities near the coast and the mountains . There were power outages in Lima , Reuters reported , and people ran into the streets in panic as the tremor shook office buildings . Many stayed outside , afraid to go back indoors after the warnings of possible aftershocks . Meanwhile , tsunami warnings and watches issued after the quake for several Central and South American countries were canceled Wednesday night , as was a tsunami advisory for Hawaii . Peru , and most of the South American Pacific Coast , are on border of two tectonic plates : The South American plate , which includes most of the continent , and the Nazca plate , which extends across the Pacific along most of the coast . See a map of where the quake struck " The quake was felt for two minutes , according to Peruvian media . Broken windows were reported in Lima , and mobile phone service was interrupted . The coastal town of Pisco , about 160 miles  257 kilometers  south of Lima , appears to be the hardest-hit , and electricity was out in the town , Gen. Luis Palomino , head of Peru 's national civil defense institute , told CNN International . He said he could not confirm any deaths . The quake struck at 6:41 p.m.  7:41 p.m. ET  and was centered 25 miles  61 kilometers  west-northwest of Chincha Alta , Peru , and 90 miles  161 kilometers  south-southeast of Lima , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The epicenter was 25 miles  47 kilometers  below the Earth 's surface . More tremors followed . A magnitude 5.8 quake occurred at 7:02 p.m.  8:02 p.m. ET  . It was farther inland , centered 70 miles  113 kilometers  northeast of Chincha Alta and 111 miles  179 kilometers  east-southeast of Lima . And at 7:19 p.m. , another smaller quake of 5.9 magnitude occurred , centered 30 miles  48 kilometers  south-southwest of Ica , Peru , and 180 miles  290 kilometers  south-southeast of Lima . E-mail to a friend Reuters contributed to this report .	NEW : Tsunami warnings and watches canceled , as is Hawaii 's advisory At least 15 people killed , 70 injured in quake Quake was felt for two minutes ; people ran out of office buildings in panic Broken windows , power outages reported in Lima , Peru 's capital
CNN  -- The Italian Grand Prix will be held at the historic Monza track until 2016 after a new four-year deal was clinched . Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone confirmed the new contract with the company that run the track on Thursday . There had been speculation that Rome would replace Monza as the venue of the Italian Grand Prix after Ecclestone confirmed plans to stage a race in the capital . But a new contract means Monza 's future is secure for at least another six years . "  The Italian Grand Prix will be at Monza until 2016 , " Claudio Vigano , the head of SIAS , the company that controls the circuit , told reporters . "  The extension of the contract has been signed . " Monza is one of the most famous tracks on the F1 circuit and hosted its first Grand Prix in 1922 . This year 's event is scheduled for September 12 . Ecclestone also suggested that F1 could return to Indianapolis in the United States after the weekend 's opening race of the season in Bahrain . He told Reuters.com : "  It 's only the fact that it 's all the wrong crowd and the wrong people . Nothing worked there really , we 'd have to have a big change round but we 'd like to get back there . " The F1 season currently runs 19 races but Ecclestone has confirmed that India will host one next year .	The Italian Grand Prix will remain at Monza until 2016 Track chiefs confirm they have signed a four-year extension Monza hosted its first Grand Prix in 1922 and is one of the most famous circuits in the world
"  Crowd control " took on a whole new meaning Wednesday night as a room full of partygoers were given power over a cocktail-making robot controlled by their smartphones . Attendees at a party for the Google I/O Conference here were invited to send a drink recipe via a smartphone app to the Makr Shakr , a three-armed robot designed especially for the show . They could then interact with attendees of similar taste to collaboratively design their perfect drink via social media . MIT 's Senseable City Lab wanted to see what would happen when you let a mass of people take control of an industrial manufacturing machine . The idea , according to project leader Yaniv Turgeman , is to demonstrate how digital technology has the potential to take the power of factory robots away from big companies and into the hands of the people . Turgeman said the team had the idea in January and hurriedly set about getting the arms -- based on the classic factory production-line robot -- programmed to gracefully slice a lemon , shake a cocktail shaker , pour liquids carefully and so on . The team purposefully chose the look of the iconic orange industrial robot arm to make the point that big manufacturing technology was now becoming accessible to everyone . "  It 's a metaphor , " he said . "  This is the third industrial revolution . People now have the power to control very powerful technology . " At the party , every time someone created a drink the recipe would go up on a big screen behind the bar and the crowd could see it and add their own changes to the recipe -- and try the drink . "  The point is to learn from one another , to design together , " he said . Turgeman said there was an emerging market for people who want to make things , a movement back to craft culture that takes advantage of modern technology -- sometimes referred to as the maker movement  hence the name of the robot  . The movement espouses the DIY inventor or developer and promotes the sharing of free technology . He said MIT 's example of easy-access digital manufacturing could transform clothes making , furniture design -- whatever people wanted . Uses could range from manufacturers engaging focus groups in a much more hands-on way at an early stage of product development to mass customization or individual use of the machines . Jon Collins , research director at UK consultancy Inter Orbis , which specializes in the impact technology is having on society and business , said this was a model that was already working very well in web development . "  Design should take hours not weeks , with a maximum of customer interaction . It 's not hard to imagine how that could be extended to creation of , in this case drinks , but also other objects , once 3-D printing is in the mix , " he said . "  There 's no reason at all why small-run manufacturing should not become a socially driven activity . Meanwhile it is very interesting to think how the Internet of Things - that is , devices and objects with built-in connectivity - can link to our ability to use applications and exchange information socially . " Turgeman added : "  Before , to design , you generally had to be a designer or spend your whole life learning to be a master carver . This shifts things . The accessibility brings you back to a basic need to create . You can design , make and enjoy . "	MIT allows partygoers to control robot bartender using their cellphones Lab wanted drinkers to collaborate via social media to make new cocktails Scientists say making robots available to all via phones signals "  third industrial revolution "
March 23 , 2015 Yemen , Russia and India are three of the countries we 're reporting on this Monday . Find out which controversial world leader may be headed to Moscow , discover how conservation efforts aim to help tigers in the world 's second-most populated country , and watch one of the short films that won a young moviemaker a trip to the White House . Also featured : a newly named catfish . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- My father was murdered . Shot down on the street in Philadelphia in the 70s . I never had a chance to know him . His name was Edgar Leonard , and he was in his 20s when he was killed . My grandmother , his mother , fell apart after he died . He was her only child . But kids are curious , regardless of the pain their questions may cause grown-ups . I always wanted to know more about my father . My mother was n't talking . So at 9 years old , I asked my grandmother to tell me about my dad . The first thing she did was show me photos of her son stretched out in his coffin with bullet holes in his head . House Speaker John Boehner and those who support unrestricted gun rights should take a long look at photos like this -- or talk , just once , to mothers who 've lost loved ones to gun violence -- before they utter one word about gun control laws . The experience does n't have to change their position , but I guarantee it will help shape their perspectives and permit more intelligent conversations on the issue . Staring at those photographs , I was horrified . I had nightmares for years about getting shot in the head myself , or what my father thought about as he was dying . My grandmother only saw the handsome , charismatic young man her son once was . Fortunately for me , I have since seen photos of him in happier times : as a chubby baby boy ; smiling with his prom date . Who knew why my grandmother showed me . Maybe she wanted me to see the violence that took his life . Or what guns do when not used responsibly . I know she wanted the person who killed her son caught and punished . That did n't happen . Coming from this tragic place has given me an awesome respect and healthy fear of guns . I know how one shot can change lives forever . In my 40-plus years , hardly a day has gone by that I have n't thought about my father and missed the man I never knew . Opinion : Gun control is on all of us I have lived in a city for the past 25 years , where always I assume anyone can be armed at any time in any place . And I grew up in Connecticut , where is it common to hear gunshots echoing through the woods and see a gutted deer carcass hanging from a tree draining blood . Despite my father 's violent death , I vigorously support our right to bear arms . Honestly , I 've seen collector guns that are beautiful pieces of craftsmanship . And I 'm quite convinced that if I ever felt my or my son 's life was in danger , I 'd use a gun to protect us both from harm . I pray that I will never have to make that decision . Guns are a part of my world . And it was the unanswered questions about my father 's murder , in part , that drove me to become a journalist . I was determined to write about people like my father whose stories would never be told . I 've spoken to neighbors , athletes and colleagues , those who own guns and those who never have , about the gun issue , and all seem to fall in the middle . So , I do n't quite buy the hard line we 're told exists between those Americans for and against gun control . We are not as far apart as Congress or lobbyists would have us believe . None of the people I 've spoken to think like gun-crazed NRA lobbyists or gun-hating liberals . Real life is never black and white . The time has come for Americans to take over this conversation and demand sensible solutions that help keep us safe while protecting our Constitutional rights . We are smart enough to do both : to understand that gun ownership comes with huge responsibility . Not everyone is qualified to own or have access to guns , just as not all of us are qualified to drive a car , without some regulation . As President Obama said earlier this week in his news conference : "  with rights comes responsibility . " It 's common sense , he said . As predicted , the backlash has begun over the president 's executive orders , which call for strengthening current gun laws and taking related steps on mental health and school safety . He also called on Congress to reinstate an assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , to restrict ammunition magazines to no more than 10 rounds and to expand background checks to anyone buying a gun , whether at a store or in a private sale at an auction or convention . The president has begun a much-needed , difficult conversation . Congress should come up with its own common-sense solutions to curb gun violence if it does n't like what 's on the table . To do nothing would be a national disgrace . Do we really want to live in fear of one another , praying our gun is bigger than the next person 's , or that we are quick enough to shoot first ? There is no common sense in those gun-happy solutions . Time has come for us all to stop politicians and lobbyists from turning our great democracy into a nation where it is easier to buy a gun than to exercise our right to vote . Somehow , I think our forefathers had something greater in mind for us when they wrote the Constitution . We owe it to them , our children , our mothers and our fathers to try and live up to those great expectations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones says her father was shot to death in the 1970s She says if leaders opposed to gun control saw victims , their perspective might change She says she backs right to bear arms ; Americans not so far apart on issue Jones : Obama has started needed conversation ; leaders must offer sensible solutions
CNN  -- We all have our favorites for the big honors at Hollywood 's top awards show , but over its 80-year history there have been some classic films , performers and people behind the scenes that have been criminally overlooked by Oscar . Peter Sellers in "  Dr. Strangelove , " just one of Kubrick 's classics beaten to the prize by a glitzy musical From acting turns that kept us glued to the screen , to directors that were passed over by the Academy time and time again , these are the statues we would have given out if we 'd been in charge . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one or robbed an actual winner of its top-spot ? Share your views by using the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best . 1 . Stanley Kubrick 's double snub 1968/1964 In two equally baffling instances , the last true auteur 's work was denied the prize . Cold War classic "  Dr. Strangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb " lost out to George Cukor 's "  My Fair Lady " while his genre-defining sci-fi epic "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " was beaten by Carol Reed 's threadbare "  Oliver ! " Glossy Hollywood musicals hailed above two of the most influential movies ever made : are you serious ? Truly , this is Oscar 's greatest travesty . 2 . "  Citizen Kane , " denied best picture 1941 It has been topping critics ' lists since its release over 60 years ago , but this work of cinematic genius left the 1941 Oscars almost empty handed . Nominated for nine , including Best Picture , Best Director and Best Actor , "  Citizen Kane " was beaten to the prize by "  How Green Was My Valley , " a sentimental epic about Welsh miners . 3 . Martin Scorsese , ever the bridesmaid 1976/1980/1990 Finally recognized last year for his work on "  The Departed , " for years it looked like Scorsese would always play bridesmaid to some distinctly mediocre brides . The three biggest Oscar crimes against Marty : "  Taxi Driver , " "  Raging Bull " and "  Goodfellas . " For the latter , he was beaten by Kevin Costner for "  Dances With Wolves . " Fair enough , it 's the only Costner-helmed film that is n't utterly abysmal , but better than Scorsese 's best ? We do n't think so . 4 . James Dean : Rebel without an Oscar 1955/1956 The only actor to receive more than one posthumous nomination , Dean still failed to secure the statue , despite turning in three amazing performances in one year . Nominated for his roles in "  East of Eden " and "  Giant , " and overlooked for the iconic "  Rebel Without a Cause , " three performances that put him into Hollywood folklore as an acting great , he lost out second time round to Yul Brynner in "  The King and I. " Is it us or are the sentimental musicals trumping the all-time classics ? 5 . Alfred Hitchcock 's Academy curse 1958 One of the greatest directors of all time , Hitchcock never won the best director award . Nominated just four times , he was only beaten by the finest directors of the day , including Billy Wilder and Elia Kazan . But how could the nomination committee overlook "  Vertigo " ? Today it 's considered one of his true masterpieces . No nomination for Hitchcock , and instead the academy hand the award to Vincente Minnelli , the director of "  Gigi " -- another tooth-gratingly glitzy musical . 6 . "  Pulp Fiction " and Morgan Freeman get Gump-ed 1994 Whether you like "  Forrest Gump " or not , it 's hard to defend the decision that saw Tom Hanks take his second acting Oscar ahead of the definitive performance of one of Hollywood 's elder statesmen , Morgan Freeman , in Frank Darabont 's "  Shawshank Redemption . " And as for the Academy passing over "  Pulp Fiction " or its director , Quentin Tarantino in favor of a comfortable family flick ? That left us speechless . Where 's the Academy 's court of appeal ? 7 . Robert Duvall steals the show , but is robbed of the award 1979 It 's hard to stand out in a cast that has Marlon Brando , Martin Sheen and Dennis Hopper in it , let alone when the project 's directed with powerful skill by Francis Ford Coppola , but the wild ravings of Lieutenant Colonel Kilgore stand out as the highlight in the excellent and affecting "  Apocalypse Now . " We hate the smell of Oscar injustice in the morning . 8 . "  LA Confidential " is sunk by a blockbuster 1997 Ok , it was an impressive venture , and the technical frills were unrivalled at the time , but "  Titanic " just was n't the best film of the year . A flimsy script , plus performances far from the actors ' best , failed to deter voters : the movie picked up a record 11 awards . Versus "  LA Confidential , " or even the impressive "  Good Will Hunting , " it simply does n't float . 9 . Al Pacino 's best apparently not good enough 1976 Pacino may have descended into a constant stream of shouting in his later roles  something that can be seen in abundance in "  Any Given Sunday " or "  Devil 's Advocate "  , but his magnetic performance as sensitive Michael Corleone in "  The Godfather " sees him at his compelling best . Joel Grey 's performance in "  Cabaret "  more musicals ! Argh !  is nothing if not annoying , and certainly not a patch on Pacino 's finest hour . 10 . "  Brokeback Mountain " wins everything but an Oscar 2005 In the approach to the Academy Awards it had been winning major prizes , scooping the best picture BAFTA and Golden Globe and earning director Ang Lee a Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival , but when it came to the Oscars , the movie mysteriously missed out . "  Crash , " the actual winner , is not a bad film , but it pales in comparison to the sensitive and highly emotional "  Brokeback Mountain . " ... . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Read others ' comments and share your views by using the Sound Off box below . ... . And the day before the Oscars are given out , the 28th Annual Razzie Awards will be announced for the year 's worst film offerings . Here are five of the biggest Razzie winners ... Sly and the family Stallone "  win " big With 30 nominations and 10 awards , including worst actor of the century , Sly is the biggest "  winner " in Razzie history . Most notably , in 1985 he and his family cleaned up , as he took worst actor , director and screenplay awards , his wife Brigitte Nielsen scooped worst supporting actress and worst new star , and Sly 's brother Frank received worst original song for "  Peace in Our Time " from "  Rambo II . " Their parents must be so proud . Madonna fails to get the hint She 's not known for her acting , but Madge just wo n't let it go . With fewer than 20 full-length feature roles under her belt , the queen of pop has picked up 15 Razzie nominations and nine awards for her weak performances . In 2002 she cleaned up , taking Worst Actress , Worst Supporting Actress and half of the Worst Couple . You really ca n't fault her consistency . "  Showgirls " breaks Razzie records This record-breaking clunker was nominated for 13 awards in 1995 : admirable , since there were only 10 categories that year . It also claimed the most wins , taking home a well-deserved seven awards , including Worst Director and Worst Picture , which were collected in person by director Paul Verhoeven , the first winner to attend the show to collect Razzies . Respect . Eddie Murphy : man of 2008 This year 's show sees the comedian who was up for an Oscar last year pick up a record five nominations for one person in a year , for his work in Worst Picture nominee "  Norbit . " Having played multiple characters , Murphy is up for Worst Actor , Worst Supporting Actor , Worst Supporting Actress , Worst Couple  nominated with himself  and Worst Screenplay . A truly impressive haul : good work , Eddie . Battlefield Earth "  succeeds " in every category John Travolta 's Scientology/sci-fi movie was nominated for a meager eight awards , but brought home the bacon as it took seven of those awards on the night . Only Forrest Whitaker failed to convert his nomination , pipped to the post by co-star Barry Pepper . If it makes them feel any better , we think they deserved all eight . ... . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Read others ' comments and share your views by using the Sound Off box below . E-mail to a friend	Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock never won a best director Oscar Perennial critics ' favorite "  Citizen Kane " was almost entirely passed over Blockbusters "  Forrest Gump " and "  Titanic " prevented great movies taking honors Razzies "  honor " poor cinema , big winners are Sylvester Stallone and Madonna
CNN  Social media users expressed solidarity with satirical French magazine Charlie Hebdo after terrorists targeted its office in Paris on Wednesday , killing 12 people . Using the hashtage #JeSuisCharlie , many on Twitter replaced their profile photo with a white-on-black image of the phrase , which translates to "  I am Charlie . " It 's the phrase that appeared on the Charlie Hebdo website , which linked to a file showing the same phrase repeated in several languages . Cartoonists and other artists tweeted images that summed up the outrage felt over the attack . One , by The Canberra Times ' political cartoonist David Pope , shows a smoking gun , with a gunmen saying , "  He drew first . " Pope said he sketched the image at 2 a.m. before he went to bed . "  I was trying to express an emotional response , " he told CNN . "  I 'm not trying to make a cheap joke out of it , just trying to express something that hopefully other people are also feeling . " He said the rights of cartoonists must be defended . "  As a cartoonist you are always pushing that line and they pushed it very hard .  But  nothing justified the violent events that happened last night . " It was shared tens of thousands of times , as were others that depicted the strength of the pencil versus the gun . Matt Davies , cartoonist for Newsday , expressed shock that anyone would be motivated enough to kill over a cartoon . His image , penned after the attack , showed a confused gunman holding a pencil and asking , "  Where 's the trigger ? " "  Cartoons are supposed to be offensive , sometimes . And people roll with it . You look at a cartoon , and you say "  that 's offensive " and you write a letter to the editor , " he told CNN . He said the attack caused "  a moment of pause " but said he did n't think that political cartoonists would become less satirical in response . As the Association of American Editorial Cartoonists condemned what it called a "  revolting act of violence , " cartoonists around the world did what they do best to show that would not be cowed . Among the messages of defiance , were images of grief . This one was posted by Patrick Chappatte from the International New York Times , in memory of his colleagues and friends at Charlie Hebdo . Magnus Shaw , a copywriter and blogger , tweeted an original Charles M Schulz image of Charlie Brown , his head in his hands , sitting on a park bench . Above , he added the words "  Je Suis Charlie . " "  At around 4pm on Wednesday , I tweeted this image . Then it all went a bit nuts ... " Shaw wrote on his blog . He later tweeted : "  Charles M Schulz , wherever you are , I hope I did n't let you down . " An old New Yorker cartoon is recirculating of a blank page that the cartoonist captioned : "  Please enjoy this culturally , ethically , religiously and politically correct cartoon responsibly . Thank you . " An image released by cartoonist MacLeod comments on the power of a simple picture . In India , cartoonist Shreyas Navare drew a tribute from Quartz India to the victims of the attack , showing a cup holding pens outweighing the threats from assorted weaponry . And in the United Kingdom , the Telegraph 's cartoonist , Matt , showed one gunman saying to the other , "  Be careful , they might have pens . " People around the world tweeted their response to the killings , including expressions of support for free speech and the need to maintain the humor that some found offensive enough to kill . "  Terrorising people to not tell jokes . Killing people for telling jokes . More important than ever to keep joking . #Solidarite #JeSuisCharlie , " read one tweet from Malaysia . "  Guns run out of bullets . Journalists will not run out of words . #JeSuisCharlie , " read another tweet . Twitter was also used to call people to join in rallies in support of the victims throughout France on Wednesday evening . Jessica HammoutÃ ¨ ne sent CNN an iReport from a vigil in Lille , France . Journalists around the world expressed their sympathy and alliance with the principles Charlie Hebdo represents . One photo showed a newsroom of journalists at Agence France Presse in Paris holding signs that read "  Je suis Charlie . " Another showed journalists at French publication Le Figaro holding copies of Charlie Hebdo covers . Instagram was also buzzing with shows of support for the magazine . BÃ © nÃ © dicte Huot , who lives in La Seyne-sur-Mer , France , shared a tribute as part of the JeSuisCharlie movement on the site . "  Today , liberty is very fragile , but for me liberty is the one , " he said . Some tweeted "  JeSuisCharlie " with photos of four of the victims , cartoonists for the magazine . A small number of users wrote in support of the mass killings . One called it a defense of his religion . Another wrote it was a response to cartoon depictions of the Prophet Mohammed and said people could n't remain silent . They used the hashtags that CNN translated to #We_Avenged_the_Prophet _ of_God and #Paris_Is_Burning . CNN 's Samira Said contributed to this report .	Tens of thousands tweet #JeSuisCharlie and Charlie Hebdo publishes the trending phrase on its site Cartoonists are tweeting support by sharing cartoons ; one shows gunman saying , "  He drew first "
Health.com -- People who regularly use tanning beds may double or even triple their risk of developing melanoma , the deadliest form of skin cancer , according to a new study . The study found that people who have ever tanned indoors have about a 75 percent higher risk of melanoma , on average , than people who have never tried it . But the risk of melanoma was much higher among frequent and long-term indoor tanners . Compared with those who had never touched a tanning bed , people who spent more than 50 hours under the lights were three times more likely to develop melanoma , according to the study , which is the largest of its kind to date . People who frequented tanning salons for more than 10 years or who logged more than 100 sessions were about 2.5 times more likely to develop the cancer . The study comes as an FDA advisory panel is pondering tougher regulations on indoor tanning , including use restrictions  if not an outright ban  for people under age 18 . At a meeting in late March , the panel discussed strengthening skin-cancer warnings at tanning salons and moving tanning beds to a class of medical devices that includes CT scanners , among other measures . Health.com : 30 most flattering bathing suits this summer Amy Waldrop , of Clifton , Virginia , who was 41 years old when she first learned she had melanoma , told the FDA panel that her doctors said her use of tanning beds as a teenager was most likely responsible . "  Even after seeing my surgical scars , my teenage daughters have expressed an interest in using tanning beds , " says Waldrop . "  They 've told me that if tanning beds were that bad , they would n't be legal . " The testimony the FDA panel heard in March was "  pretty compelling , " says Dr. Lynn Drake , a dermatologist at Massachusetts General Hospital , in Boston , and a nonvoting member of the panel . "  This new study adds to the body of evidence supporting the fact that indoor tanning poses significant risks . " Health.com : Find the best self-tanner for you Teens , however , do not seem to be more susceptible than adults to artificial ultraviolet  UV  rays . The study results suggest that a person 's melanoma risk is more closely linked to total exposure than to the age at which he or she first tans indoors . "  Given our findings , the age you start indoor tanning may matter less than how much you do it , " says the lead author of the study , DeAnn Lazovich , a professor of epidemiology at the University of Minnesota . "  Maybe a ban should also be considered for adults . " Nearly 70,000 people in the U.S. got a melanoma diagnosis in 2009 and more than 8,000 died from the disease , according to estimates from the National Cancer Institute . Melanoma is deadly because it can invade deep into tissues and spread to other parts of the body , unlike other types of skin cancer , which are relatively easy to remove . Melanoma is the second-most-common cancer among people ages 15 to 29 , and appears to be on the rise overall . The new study , which appears in the journal Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers and Prevention , included nearly 1,200 melanoma patients in Minnesota and a cancer-free control group . Of the melanoma patients in the study , 63 percent had tanned indoors at least once , compared with 51 percent of the melanoma-free individuals . Health.com : Is it a mole ... or skin cancer ? Lazovich and her colleagues also measured the melanoma risk associated with different types of tanning machines . Compared with people who had never tanned indoors , those who tanned in high-speed and high-pressure machines had roughly three and 4.5 times the risk of developing melanoma , respectively . High-speed machines use higher amounts of ultraviolet-B  UVB  light while high-pressure machines use more ultraviolet-A  UVA  . However , the researchers could n't say definitively that one type of machine is more dangerous than the other , because few study participants could remember the exact machines they used and because UVA and UVB output can depend on factors such as maintenance , not just the model of the machine . The new findings seem likely to bolster the government 's efforts to regulate indoor tanning . When the FDA panel met in March , the foremost scientific evidence was a review of 19 studies conducted by a World Health Organization working group , which found that tanning indoors at least once increased a person 's risk of melanoma by 15 percent .  For people who started tanning at age 35 or younger , the increase in risk rose to 75 percent . The WHO group later deemed tanning devices to be carcinogenic . But the organization emphasized some shortcomings in the research , such as the inability of most studies to tease apart the effects of indoor tanning versus sunbathing or to pinpoint how the extent of tanning-bed use -- also known as the "  dose " -- affects skin-cancer risk . Health.com : 5 ways to sun-proof your skin Lazovich 's study was specifically designed to fill these gaps in the existing research . John Overstreet , a spokesperson for the Indoor Tanning Association , a trade organization representing tanning facilities and suppliers , said in an e-mail that unanswered questions remain . He noted that vitamin D , which is produced by the skin with moderate UV exposure , may have cancer-fighting benefits . "  Science is still wrestling with this issue and there 's certainly still more to learn , " Overstreet said . "  We welcome a more complete body of research that will allow us to advise our customers how to achieve their goals without unnecessary risk of exposure . " The Federal Trade Commission recently charged the Indoor Tanning Association with exaggerating the benefits of indoor tanning and falsely denying the associated skin-cancer risks . According to Drake , the health benefits of tanning -- as opposed to limited sun exposure -- are a myth . "  A healthy tan is an oxymoron , " she says . "  A tan is simply a response to injury , whether it 's obtained indoors or outdoors . " Health.com : The best sunblocks under the sun	People who regularly use tanning beds may double or even triple risk of melanoma FDA advisory panel ponders tougher regulations on indoor tanning for people under age 18 Person 's melanoma risk is more closely linked to total exposure than to the age when started
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's national security adviser has resigned from his post in order to run in the 2011 presidential election , he told CNN on Sunday . In announcing his bid for the presidency , Gen. Aliyu Gusau will compete against President Goodluck Jonathan , who appointed Gusau to his national security post earlier this year to help quell religious clashes in the city of Jos. Gusau is one of four main contenders from the country 's north who announced Friday that they would put forth a single candidate to challenge Jonathan in next month 's primaries for the People 's Democratic Party . Gusau 's announcement comes a day after Jonathan formally declared that he will run in the 2011 elections . "  I have decided to humbly offer myself as a candidate in the presidential primaries of our party , the great PDP  People 's Democratic Party  , " he said Saturday . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must shift to different regions and ethnic groups every eight years . Jonathan -- who is from the Niger Delta , in the south -- was part of the joint ticket of the late President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who was from the north . Yar ` Adua 's death in May , after a long illness , upset the order of the zoning . Yar ` Adua was elected in 2007 and his southern replacement threatened to halt the north 's turn at holding power . Under an agreement with the four contenders from the north , Gusau will challenge Jonathan and the bloc will support his bid to try to win the election in favor of the north . The challenge has the potential to split the ruling party when primaries are scheduled to be held between October 18 and 20 . However , Nigeria 's Independent National Electoral Commission indicated in a communique Sunday that it could extend the timeline for the election . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Gen. Aliyu Gusau will challenge President Goodluck Jonathan Gusau is part of a northern bloc hoping to take control of the ruling party Primaries are scheduled to be held next month
One thing appeared certain when Barnes & Noble announced Thursday how much money its Nook e-readers brought in over the past three months : The news would be lousy . And it was . Revenue from the company 's Nook division for its fiscal 2013 third quarter declined 26 % from the same period a year ago , primarily as a result of slumping sales of the devices . Is the bookseller just losing ground to rival Amazon and its market-leading line of Kindles ? Perhaps . But many tech analysts see something else happening : the booming market for tablet computers is starting to make the dedicated e-reader obsolete . "  It 's not that the Nook failed , " said James McQuivey , a digital analyst at Forrester Research . "  It 's that the world of tablets exploded , going faster than anyone expected , putting us in a place where tablets are now a fundamental part of our computing and lifestyle entourage , not just a handy device to consume a bit of media . " Apple rocked the computing world in 2010 with the release of the iPad , introducing the world to the concept of user-friendly tablets . While they already existed in some form , tablets were pretty much unknown to all but the most tech-savvy among us . Since then , all Apple has done is sell more than 120 million of them . Competitors struggled to come up with a worthy alternative until late the next year , when Amazon -- already a leader in the e-reader market -- rolled out its simpler , smaller Kindle Fire , priced at $ 199 , far lower than the iPad . Its relative success not only inspired the launch of devices such as the Google Nexus 7 , but it likely nudged Apple into the new midsize tablet market with the iPad Mini . The net effect ? Anyone interested in a tablet now probably has a price point with which they 'll be comfortable . And tablets , which are priced similarly to top e-readers , also work well for reading e-books . Throw in Internet , apps and e-mail -- all on a full-color tablet screen -- and e-readers suffer by comparison . This trend has been particularly unkind to the Nook . During the quarter that included last year 's holiday season , Barnes & Noble 's Nook business , which includes e-readers and e-books , suffered a 12.6 % sales decline over 2011 , bringing in just $ 311 million . Earlier this month , the company said the Nook-related losses they 'll announce Thursday would be even bigger than previously expected . The bad news came despite Barnes & Noble slashing the price of its Nook Simple Touch e-reader in December to $ 79 . Amazon does n't release detailed sales figures . But the Kindle clearly emerged as the market leader in the past couple of years , after doing neck-and-neck battle with the Nook early on . In the last quarter of 2012 , the company said it increased its sale of e-books and other content for Kindles and similar devices by 22 % over the same quarter in 2011 . But analysts expect that even Amazon 's success with dedicated e-readers will fade . "  It 's a rough market to compete , " said Michael Gartenberg , a tech-industry analyst with research firm Gartner Inc. "  On one hand , devices like the iPad dominate the consumer tablet experience which includes reading . On the other hand , less demand for dedicated devices had helped Amazon , which already established a strong brand presence with Kindle as part of a much larger personal-cloud ecosystem . " Amazon has transitioned well into that new world . This holiday season , the new Kindle Fire HD was Amazon 's top-selling device in the Kindle line , the company announced . Second ? The older , and price-reduced , Kindle Fire . Hands-on with the new Kindles And unlike Barnes & Noble , which is strongly branded as a bookstore , Amazon has created its own online universe of sales , McQuivey said . "  As part of Barnes & Noble , the Nook is stuck as a media device offered to media consumers when in reality the tablet business is poised for much more than this , " he said . Many reviewers actually liked Barnes & Noble 's response , the Nook Tablet , better than the first-generation Kindle Fire . But , as McQuivey notes , its lack of an expansive ecosystem hurt it . When the first wave of tablets hit the market , three years after the first Kindle and a year after the Nook , e-readers could still boast a significantly better reading experience . E-ink felt significantly more like printed text than a sometimes glare-prone tablet screen , which was difficult to read in bright sunlight . But now , every one of the major tablet makers boasts high-definition screens that ratchet up not just the quality of video and snazzy graphics but the way text appears in reading apps . The general consensus among observers is that they have n't caught up to the dedicated e-readers in text quality quite yet , but give them time . "  If you love reading and are looking to invest a chunk of money into a device as a dedicated e-reader , then the iPad is not your best bet , " Cesar Torres , of CNN content partner ArsTechnica , wrote last year in a review comparing the third-generation iPad to e-readers such as the third-generation Kindle .  That iPad has the same screen as the most recent one  . "  The value you can get from devices like the Kindle  or several other competitors like the Sony Reader or Kobo  , will allow you to save money to spend on what is presumably your main passion : books . " But for folks wanting a more complete computing experience , he wrote , the difference was already negligible . "  The trouble comes when you start to think of your e-reader as more than an e-reader , " he wrote . "  E-ink Kindles are abysmal at Web browsing , for example , and they do n't run popular apps and games like the iPad and other tablets on the market today . "  There are other types of reading , like webpages and magazines , that matter just as much as books to many readers , too . For those needs , an iPad 's retina display will display images and text like a champ . " So , is there any future for dedicated e-readers ? McQuivey says that as Amazon continues to establish itself as an Internet clearinghouse for all sorts of goods  both physical and digital  , the Nook , which got a $ 300 million infusion from Microsoft last year , could look to selling textbooks and other educational tools . A rumored plan to split the e-book division off from Barnes & Noble 's brick-and-mortar stores could come as early as Thursday and would be a perfect jumping-off point , he said . "  All the more reason for Nook to separate from Barnes & Noble , turning to its investment partners like Microsoft and Pearson and saying , ` Let 's see how far we can take this platform into productivity and education , ' " he said . "  Of course there 's risk there , but there was risk in getting into the tablet business . "	As tablet sales skyrocket , dedicated e-readers have suffered Barnes & Noble is expected to announce dismal sales for its Nook e-reader line Amazon leads the field , but has also done well with its Kindle Fire tablets , online store Observers say reading experience on tablets has improved
New York  CNN  -- Thursday 's opening of the National September 11 Memorial Museum in New York was 13 years in the making . Museum officials consulted hundreds of people -- survivors , relatives of the victims , rescue workers , community leaders and others -- as they determined what should be included in the exhibits occupying the halls beneath the footprints of the Twin Towers . While that effort has been applauded by many for being a fitting , emotional telling of one of the darkest days in U.S. history , it is not without its controversies . Among them is a seven-minute film entitled "  The Rise of Al Qaeda . " The documentary tells the story of the growth of a worldwide terrorist organization . The film , which features video of al Qaeda training camps and previous attacks , plays next to a room where photos of the 9/11 attackers are on display . The inclusion of that story is not the problem . But the use of words like "  jihad " and "  Islamist " in the narration prompted some Muslim Americans and others to call for edits . "  We feel that there is unfortunate messaging in referencing to Islam , " said Zead Ramadan of the Council on American-Islamic Relations . His wife was a first responder who aided in the search-and-rescue effort after the attacks . Ramadan fears that millions of visitors will walk away from the documentary believing that Islam is to blame for 9/11 . The Rev. Chloe Breyer , executive director of the Interfaith Center of New York , was part of a museum advisory council that was given an opportunity to view the documentary . "  The film loosely and without sufficient definition or context describes the rise of al Qaeda and uses terms that are confusing and controversial , " she said . Breyer said the the film is the only museum display that appears to assign blame . "  It 's the one thing in there that suggests who to blame , " she said . "  And to do that , it requires the kind of depth and nuance and sophistication that the rest of the museum has . It 's a very delicate and difficult complex question , and they do n't go anywhere near addressing it . " She said interfaith leaders unsuccessfully recommended a "  contextual statement at the very beginning that says this video is about the historical rise of al Qaeda and does not relate to the history of Islam . " Ramadan and Breyer belong to a group of interfaith leaders who claim the museum 's leadership has turned a deaf ear to their concerns . Museum officials disagree . "  No one will come through this exhibit and , in any way , think that we are indicting an entire religion , which we in no way are , " said Joe Daniels , president of the National September 11 Memorial Museum . In a statement , museum officials said : "  A major part of preserving the history of September 11 is to show who was responsible for the monstrous attack on America that led to the deaths of thousands of innocent people of various ethnicities and religious beliefs . This brief film , within the context of surrounding exhibits , focuses on the roots of al Qaeda with the express purpose of helping visitors understand who perpetrated the 9/11 terrorist attacks . It does not purport to be a film about Islam or in any way generalize that Muslims are terrorists . " National security expert Haroon Moghul , a fellow at the New America Foundation , a think tank , said the film needs a more nuanced approach to telling the story of the terrorists . "  They acted in the name of their religion . I do n't dispute that , " said Moghul . "  I want that when an American or anyone else goes through the museum , that when they watch the movie , they leave more informed . " 9/11 museum : Tragedy turns the mundane into memorial	National September 11 Memorial Museum in New York opens Thursday A seven-minute museum film entitled "  The Rise of Al Qaeda " is controversial The use of words such as "  jihad " and "  Islamist " is criticized by Muslim Americans , others "  No one will ... think that we are indicting an entire religion , " museum president says
CNN  -- Once , high school football was the thing that brought people together in the eastern Ohio town of Steubenville . That was before two star players of the Steubenville High School football team , demigods in this small , down-on-its-luck town along the banks of the Ohio River , were accused last summer of raping a 16-year-old girl , part of a series of alleged assaults chronicled on social media . With the two boys at the center of the case set to go to trial on rape charges on Wednesday , an unwelcome national spotlight is shining on Steubenville . The case has attracted the attention of bloggers and even Anonymous , a loosely organized cooperative of activist hackers , who have questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the veracity of the investigation . Amid social media pressure and allegations of a cover-up , community leaders went on the offensive on the eve of the trial to offer support for community businesses and the embattled football team known as "  Big Red . " "  We all want to see justice prevail for the victim and the defendants in this case . All of you are here today because you are doing your job and writing your story , " Susan Hershey , the president of the Jefferson County Chamber of Commerce , told reporters on Tuesday . "  There  are  , however , always multiple sides to every story . There is the other side of our community , a side that has been overshadowed by this incident . Unfortunately , our community has been painted with one very unflattering , broad brush . " Critics have accused community leaders of trying to paper over rampant misconduct by players of the Steubenville High School team , and have suggested that other students took part in the assaults or failed to do enough stop them . While community leaders refused to address the allegations directly , they defended the actions of the police department . "  We are a good city . We have good people here . Our police department is outstanding . They have done everything they can in this particular case , " he said . Social media Photos , video and social media messages are at the heart of criminal charges against the two players -- Trent Mays and Ma ` lik Richmond , both juveniles -- accused of sexually assaulting the girl during a series of end-of-summer parties in August . Both boys have been identified by a judge in court , by defense attorneys and in newspapers and other media reports . CNN is not identifying the girl , who also is a juvenile , in accordance with its policy not to release the names of alleged rape victims . Crime blogger Alexandria Goddard , a former Steubenville resident , discovered and preserved many of the online messages about the case , at least some of which are now in the hands of authorities . She first spotted the story in the small town 's newspaper and started looking into the situation on a hunch that the highly regarded football team 's members were getting special treatment at the expense of the victim . One image circulated online and posted on a website maintained by Anonymous showed the girl , dressed in a T-shirt and blue shorts , her body limp , being held hand and foot by two males who appear to be teenagers . Text messages posted to social networking sites that night seemed to brag about the incident , calling the girl "  sloppy , " making references to rape and suggesting that she had been urinated on , Goddard has said . CNN has not been able to establish whether this is true . In one 12-minute video , posted by Anonymous , one teenager makes multiple jokes about the girl 's condition , saying she must have died because she did n't move during one assault . Police got involved on August 14 , when the girl 's mother reported the alleged assaults , according to Steubenville Police Chief William McCafferty . The family provided a zip drive showing a Twitter page , possibly with a photo , McCafferty said . McCafferty has said the same day the boys were charged , Jefferson County authorities asked for help from the state attorney general 's office in investigating and prosecuting the case . On Tuesday , McCafferty told reporters that in the weeks after the story broke he received what he called "  hate e-mails . " "  Those bother me . I have a little girl , " he said . While the attention died down for a bit , it began anew this week ahead of the trial . "  It 's been tough for a lot of us . But we 've gotten good feedback from the community , " he said . Steubenville was once a thriving steel mill town . With the mills closed , the town is a shadow of its former self as a number of its residents moved away to find work elsewhere and a number of businesses closed . Today , its population is primarily blue collar with a median income between $ 33,000 and $ 34,000 , well below the national average . The Steubenville High School football games have long been a gathering point for residents , who point to the team 's against-all-odds play that helped elevate its reputation in the state . Since the case gained national prominence , community leaders have been working with organizations to help students deal with the stresses of the case , City Manager Cathy Davison said . Some of the students are angry about the things being said by critics , she said , adding that some students were unsure whether they should wear their Steubenville letter jackets in public . Resident Jerry Barilla , who has been a proponent of the football team , called the critics ' allegations hurtful . "  Anybody that is attacking your family or your hometown , naturally you are going to stand up and defend it , " he said . "  We are proud of them , and they show our worth , our values , our work ethic . ... Naturally , we are going to stand behind them and support them , " he said . CNN 's Michael Pearson and Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	Two 16-year-old teens , Trent Mays and Ma ` lik Richmond , are charged with rape The boys are accused of sexually assaulting a girl at end-of-summer parties Portions of the alleged assaults were chronicled on social media by partygoers
CNN  -- Germany coach Joachim Low has put an end to speculation over his future by signing a two-year contract extension which will keep him at the national side until after the 2014 World Cup . Low -- whose contract was originally due to expire after Euro 2012 -- had been linked to the soon-to-be vacant position at Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich , following the news that current boss Louis Van Gaal will step down from the role at the end of the season . However , in a statement on the German Football Federation  DFB  website on Tuesday , Low confirmed that his foreseeable future lay with the national team . "  I am pleased that we were able to agree quickly to a continuation of the cooperation until after the World Cup , " the 51-year-old former Stuttgart and Fenerbahce boss said . "  We believe that it makes sense to continue along this successful path with the national team . I enjoy this wonderful job and believe in the quality of our players and see good prospects for our team . " Low replaced fellow German Jurgen Klinsmann at the head of the national side in 2006 , leading them to the runners-up spot at Euro 2008 and third place finish at the 2010 World Cup . The former under-21 international has admitted that uncertainty over his future overshadowed last year 's tournament in South Africa and said he wanted to avoid a repeat of that for the upcoming European competition . The DFB also confirmed that Low 's backroom staff -- assistant Hansi Flick , goalkeeping coach Andreas Kopke and team manager Oliver Bierhoff -- have signed new two-year deals . Meanwhile , Bernd Schuster , the German coach of seventh-placed Turkish League club Besiktas has quit following the Istanbul-based side 's string of poor results that has seen them claim just one win in their last seven matches . The 51-year-old ex-German international and former Real Madrid boss ' side also suffered a humiliating 8-1 defeat to Dynamo Kiev in the last 32 of the Europa League .	Germany coach Joachim Low extends contract until after the 2014 World Cup The 51-year-old German had been linked to vacant position at Bayern Munich Low had been due to step down from his post after the Euro 2012 competition Bernd Schuster , the German coach of struggling Istanbul-based club Besiktas , resigns
CNN  -- For some , Twitter is a social media platform that enables you to keep up with breaking news , raise political issues or offer amusing thoughts . But for many others , including myself , Twitter has become the new "  Fight Club . " It has in essence become the cyber version of the basement of "  Lou 's Bar " from that 1999 classic film . To those who have not made it onto Twitter yet , let 's make something clear : Twitter is not Facebook . Facebook is as dangerous as visiting a P.F. Chang 's . Twitter , on the other hand , is the Wild West in the 1800s -- it 's new , unsettled and often savage . In "  Fight Club , " people from all walks of life -- from professionals to blue collar workers -- would nightly shrug off their mundane existence to experience a visceral rush by beating the crap out of each other in the basement of a neighborhood bar . "  Fight Club " celebrated the duality of life . By day , actor Ed Norton played a mild-mannered , timid insurance adjuster leading the quintessential life "  of quiet desperation . " But by night , Norton became his brash and bold alter ego , Tyler Durden , portrayed by Brad Pitt . The difference between these two characters was succinctly summed up by Tyler Durden while talking to his more staid alter ego : "  I am free in all the ways that you are not . " This is what Twitter is to many . A place to be free . A place where people from all walks of life are on equal footing to battle each other -- from the rich and powerful to the poor and angry . And on Twitter , you 're not required to be polite like you are in the real world . In fact , cutting and snarky remarks are not only accepted , they are glorified . But there 's an increasingly dark underbelly to these Twitter fights . What might start out as a disagreement about a political or social issue , at times can escalate into racist , sexist or homophobic rants . In fact , Humboldt University recently created a map entitled "  The Geography of Hate " which charted the hate filled comments being spewed on Twitter . It 's truly alarming . I 've experienced it firsthand . Some I 've fought with on Twitter have called me ethnic slurs like "  towel head " because I 'm of Arab heritage or a "  stupid guinea " because I 'm also of Italian descent . But these comments are tame when compared to the far more hateful comments launched on Twitter against Blacks , Latinos , gays , and the disabled as noted by the Humboldt study . I know some reading this are asking : Why do you fight at all on Twitter ? Why not just ignore those people who challenge you ? Sure , you can do that , but as Tyler Durden instructively told us in "  Fight Club " : "  How much can you know about yourself if you 've never been in a fight . " So many engage in these battles to test their mettle . There 's nothing wrong with the great percentage of Twitter fights . You get a chance to test your opinions on issues of the day . In today 's hyperpartisan climate , many just associate with like-minded people and consequently their views on political issues are never challenged . But Twitter provides a forum to debate with others who passionately hold opposing views . True , these battles can become heated and include nasty comments , but for the most part they remain issue-oriented and avoid bigotry . More than once , I 've engaged in a fiery battle over an issue and then found common ground on an unrelated subject that has led to a Twitter friendship . After one intense argument with a conservative over President Obama 's policies , we both discovered our mutual dislike of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady .  I 'm a NY Giants fan and he 's a Buffalo Bills fan . That 's not to excuse the alarming rise of racist , sexist , homophobic and other hate filled comments on Twitter . And while the Humboldt University report does n't indicate how many of these comments were made during Twitter fights , I can assure you that is where I have seen them rear their ugly face most often . Here 's my plea to my fellow Twitter users : We need to make it clear that there 's simply no place for that type of hate on Twitter . You can win a battle on substance -- or even with cutting remarks -- without descending into the realm of racism and bigotry . And the best people to police this are my fellow Twitter users . If enough of us collectively speak out , Twitter can become a social media platform where users share info , joke around and even fight with each other , but all without being subject to hate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah says Twitter has become a home to sharp exchanges , fights He says the social network allows people to release aggression Obeidallah : It 's inexcusable when people engage in racist , sexist , homophobic rants He says Twitter users must unite in declaring there 's no room for hate
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  We came on a commercial flight to Kathmandu . Blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong . We had to circle the airport for a couple of hours . There were a couple of issues . There was an aftershock this afternoon , so they were checking the runway for damage . Military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- Indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid . Whether they did is unclear . When we landed at the airport , it was wet and cold . A couple of thousand people were lining the road to the entrance to the airport trying to get out . But there 's no way to get out , really . There were torrential rainstorms for a couple of hours , and with the strong aftershock a couple of hours ago , no one wants to go inside . The residents of Kathmandu sure do n't . You can see some structural damage to buildings . Most buildings are not up to high construction standards . Fallen : Nepal 's historic landmarks Driving through the city , there 's not a huge amount of visible damage . There 's some damage to houses and buildings , but it 's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake  of 2010  . We were able to drive the main road to the hotel we 're staying at , but they 're not allowing anyone inside because of the aftershocks . The guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn . People are squeezed in . There are probably about 100 people in there . The tents are covered , but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water , especially around the edges of the tent . So people are outside in the rain with no shelter . It 's visually stark , with people in the streets . It 's colder than usual this time of year . I 'm cold and damp . When it 's almost May , it 's usually much hotter . There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water . For the residents , it 's really bad . Very soon , they will need shelter . Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government . It looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned . People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings . Those who survived -- and those who did n't There are issues with fuel in the city , and driving in , all the stores were shuttered . You occasionally see a cart with food or a few bottles of drinking water , but for the most part , nothing is being sold in the city . I do n't think they 're very concerned about looting , and there 's no military in the streets , but they will have to get water and food in the city soon . Communal kitchens have been set up for cooking . Not by the government -- people set them up on their own . People are beside themselves in shock . Their biggest concern now is the structures , needing a place for shelter , to hide from the elements and sleep . Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days . Kathmandu is n't the epicenter though . No one 's sure what it 's like at the epicenter . People have n't been able to get to outlying areas . We have n't been able to corroborate this , but the people we 're talking to here say there 's damage to the villages outside Kathmandu -- thousands of houses damaged to the north , closer to the epicenter . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek reported from Kathmandu and Mark Morgenstein wrote in Atlanta .	The earthquake that struck Nepal has left thousands of Nepalis without shelter Torrential rains making situation worse ; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon It 's unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicenter
CNN  -- No play can begin in a baseball game until the pitcher throws the ball . And no play can conclude until the umpire makes the call . "  We 're not just robots they send out there , " umpire Tim McClelland  2nd from L  told author Bruce Weber . Yet these figures -- the man on the mound and the men who stand in judgment -- are vastly different in importance to the average fan . There are countless children who dream of becoming a major-league pitcher . He is , literally , the king of the hill . Umpires ? Almost nobody dreams of becoming an umpire . And yet the positions share a number of similarities , according to two new books : "  As They See 'Em "  Scribner  , by New York Times writer Bruce Weber , and "  The Complete Game "  Knopf  , by former major-league pitcher  and current New York Mets broadcaster  Ron Darling . Both jobs require a great deal of command , neither gets enough training , and both are often disrespected by others in the game . Indeed , despite a library of books by and about pitchers  Jim Bouton 's "  Ball Four , " Jim Brosnan 's "  The Long Season , " Christy Mathewson 's "  Pitching in a Pinch "  , Darling said he believes that people still do n't understand what it takes to stand on that mound . "  Within baseball circles there is a common baseball axiom , ` If pitchers were n't so stupid , hitters would never get a hit , ' " he said in an e-mail . "  Of course , I knew this was a fallacy so I decided to write about the travails of major league pitchers . Throwing a ball 95 mph to tin cup-sized quadrants sounds pretty difficult to me , and I wanted to express this to the reader . " Umpires , on the other hand , rarely get written about at all -- in fact , they 're often treated as less than human .  "  The owners basically see them like bases , " former baseball Commissioner Fay Vincent told Weber . "  They say , ` We need a base ; we need an umpire ; same thing . ' "  Weber found a fraternity  and they are almost all men  much like cops or soldiers : tight-lipped believers in baseball law and order . Weber immersed himself in the "  land of umpires , " as the book 's subtitle calls it , attending umpiring school , calling games at various levels of pro ball and talking with those who were willing -- including the legendary Doug Harvey , who was called "  God " for his imperious demeanor . What he found is that what looks so obvious on television at home is often a challenge on the field , a matter not just of eyesight but positioning , rule-book knowledge and basic guts . "  That 's really what -LSB- being an umpire -RSB- is about -- is being in charge , " he said . "  If there 's anything that characterizes the major league umpire , it 's that special kind of chutzpah . " Umpires need that presence because they 're often baseball 's most disrespected men . Aside from the vitriol they face -- the managers kicking dirt , the spectators yelling "  Kill the ump " -- they 're second-guessed by broadcasters and barely tolerated by management , as Weber reveals in detailing the episodes preceding and following the 1999 umpires ' strike . And yet Major League Baseball does n't participate in umpire training or development , entrusting it to two umpire-run private schools , Weber observes .  MLB does run an annual umpire camp . Darling echoes Weber 's concerns in his own field , pitching . In these days of strict pitch counts and injury concern , pitchers are "  undertrain -LSB- ed -RSB- , " he says , noting that top draft choices climb the ranks "  never allowed to throw more than 110 pitches . " That leaves them at a disadvantage when they have to go deeper into a game or cope with a tough inning , he says . "  It would be like training for the marathon and never running more than 5 miles , " he says . "  Identifying and preserving million-dollar arms are -LSB- the purview -RSB- of doctors , not baseball people . " Darling 's book is a chronicle of pitchers ' thought processes , using individual innings from his pitching or broadcasting career to make his point . He talks about panic overtaking a pitcher , as it did for Darling in a 1984 game in which he got pasted by the Cubs ; he also addresses the rush of pitching in a World Series game and -- in a treat for baseball fans -- goes over the extra innings in perhaps the most famous college baseball game ever , a 1981 extra-inning contest that Darling 's Yale Bulldogs lost to Frank Viola 's St. John 's Redmen , 1-0 . He says he remembered the games vividly . "  I definitely watched tapes and read box scores , but I was very clear on almost all the minutiae of the good old days . A little scary and maybe a major personality flaw ! " Pitchers get more support than umpires , of course . Darling observes that the relationship between a pitcher and his catcher during a well-pitched game "  is one of sport 's most beautiful dances . I would not have said it when I was playing , but after a shutout ... there is a love for that person immediately after the process . You did something together that could not have been done alone , and nobody can understand what you went through to get there . " Umpires , too , take pride in their best moments , though few pay attention outside their fellow umpires . More common is to be vilified for missed calls . Weber devotes a moving passage in his book to a conversation with the retired Don Denkinger , a 29-year veteran remembered by fans  if he 's remembered at all  for a wrong call in the 1985 World Series . Though time has dulled the pain , "  I think he lives with -LSB- that call -RSB- every day , " Weber said . "  When a dreadful thing happens to you in front of so many people and you become famous for it , it must be devastating . " Weber says his time with umpires has made him much more sympathetic to their judgmental tasks . When watching games now , the Yankees fan says , he 'll focus on the umpires . "  I just think umpiring is interesting . People hate 'em , and they somehow perceive of umpiring as a flaw in the game , but I do n't , " he said . "  Now I 'm always interested who the umpires are . " Which is a point the umpires would appreciate . "  Umpires are people , too , " veteran ump Tim McClelland told Weber . "  We have families ; we have emotions . ... Somebody says , ` Kill the umpire , ' and people go , ` Heh , heh , that 's funny , ' but in order to do that , you have to disassociate the umpire from the person . "  We 're human . We 're not just robots they send out there . "	"  As They See 'Em " is in-depth look at baseball umpires "  The Complete Game , " by Mets broadcaster Ron Darling , gets inside pitcher 's head Two positions have similarities : necessary command , some disrespect
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick as Barcelona produced a mesmeric display of attacking football to rout Osasuna 8-0 in the Camp Nou Saturday . The Spanish and European champions were coming off two draws against Real Socieded and AC Milan but were back to their very best against opposition rendered helpless by their attacking fluency . Messi started the goal spree after just five minutes with new signing Cesc Fabregas , pushed up front with Pedro Rodriguez rested , adding the second to continue his fine scoring form since joining Barca from Arsenal . David Villa made it 3-0 on the half hour mark before an unfortunate own-goal from Ruben Gonzalez summed up Osasuna 's woeful night . Messi scored his second and Barcelona 's fifth just before the break . The goals continued after the interval and Xavi lobbed the visiting keeper for the sixth before Villa and Messi , with his hat-trick goal , wrapped up the scoring . Earlier , Valencia maintained their 100 per cent start to the season with a 1-0 win over Sporting Gijon with Robert Soldado on target . It left them top ahead of Barcelona , with Real Madrid set to join them on nine points if they beat Levante Sunday . In Germany , Werder Bremen went top of the Bundesliga after a 1-1 draw at Nuremberg despite having Germany goalkeeper Tim Wiese sent off . With Bayern Munich playing at Schalke Sunday , Bremen took advantage as they battled for a point despite losing Wiese after just 17 minutes for a bad foul on Nuremberg striker Christian Eigler . Werder then took the lead through Turkey midfielder Mehmet Ekici after 24 minutes but Philipp Wollscheid leveled for Nuremberg in the second half . Borussia Moenchengladbach are second only on goal difference after a 1-0 win at bottom side Hamburg , with Bayern a point further back . In Serie A , Cagliari are the early leaders after beating promoted Novara 2-1 for a second straight win in the new season . The Sardinian side went ahead through Thiago Ribeiro after 38 minutes and added a second through Joaquin Larrivey four minutes from time . Japan striker Takayuki Morimoto scored a late consolation for Novara . Later Italian giants Roma and Inter Milan battled to a goalless draw in the San Siro .	Lionel Messi scores hat-trick as Barcelona thrash Osasuna 8-0 Defending Spanish champions in stunning form in Camp Nou Werder Bremen draw to go top in German Bundesliga Cagliari early leaders in Italy 's Serie A
CNN  -- When District Attorney Carol Chambers last tweeted about a shooting in Aurora , it was about a man found guilty of a killing at a liquor store . Chambers touted the success of her office in convicting Anthony Jahmar Gillespie for shooting to death Benigno Morales-Ramirez . Few outside Colorado probably knew Chambers ' name then -- her Twitter account only has 62 followers . But that was a month before the cinema killings . Before James Holmes , the man with orange hair who called himself "  The Joker , " was arrested for spraying a movie theater audience with gunfire during an early morning screening of the new Batman movie . He stands accused of killing 12 people and wounding 38 others . Official : Package at university mail room apparently sent by Colorado suspect Now Chambers finds herself handling America 's next big case , all eyes upon her to deliver justice . She appeared in a dark pantsuit before a horde of reporters and clicking cameras on Monday , the day Holmes first appeared in court . Some who know her believe this case presents the moment she has long awaited . She 's a veteran prosecutor who has rarely drawn attention beyond the local limelight . This could be her last hurrah as head of the 18th Judicial District -- term limits on her office force her to step down later this year . She 's known for being tough . She 's known even more for not caring how she or her actions are reflected in public . She told The Denver Post once that she was "  not motivated by people to like me . " Rick Kornfeld , a defense lawyer in Denver who has known Chambers for years , said she is someone who believes strongly in what she is doing and does n't care if she garners negative publicity . "  That is to be respected , " he said . But it has also made her a controversial figure in the world of Colorado courts . Alan Prendergast , a journalist for Denver 's Westword newspaper who has covered Chambers since she took office in 2004 , called her a maverick who is well acquainted with controversy . Threats before , after other ` Dark Knight ' showings , authorities said Prendergast has doggedly written about how Chambers has turned her office into a "  conviction machine . " From seeking the death penalty in a state that does not embrace it to pursuing harsh habitual-criminal charges against chronic but low-level offenders , she has earned a reputation as a hard-ass . "  As far as prosecution is concerned , you probably could n't be in a better jurisdiction , " said Todd Whelan , who worked in Chambers ' office before she was elected district attorney and later , as a defense attorney , butted legal heads with her in court . A 2008 Westword article was headlined "  The Punisher : Censured but defiant , Carol Chambers goes after habitual criminals -- and cops , judges and lawyers -- like no other district attorney . But at what cost ? " The cost was that these low-level offenders were being put away on absurdly long and costly sentences when the prison system was overloaded and rehab programs were grossly underfunded , wrote Prendergast , citing Colorado defense attorneys . Residents return to building where suspect set boobytraps Chambers , said Whelan , goes after the most minor offenders with gusto . "  There 's no deference given to any defendant whatsoever , " he said . Chambers is the only state district attorney in Colorado to seek the death penalty in the past five years . Two of the three men on Colorado 's death row were prosecuted by Chambers . That makes her an anomaly in a state that fell one vote short in 2009 of abolishing capital punishment . "  That jurisdiction is very enamored with the death penalty , " Kornfeld said about Arapahoe County . "  And this is a state that uses it very sparingly . " Many of the Aurora cinema shooting victims ' family and friends are demanding death for the suspect . In this case , they will have a prosecutor who is not shy about seeking the harshest punishment . "  If there ever was a case for the death penalty , this is probably that case , " Kornfeld said . "  What 's a more extreme case than this ? " Colorado shooting : Stories of survival Chambers told reporters this week that her office had a lot of work to do in the investigation . "  I would say there 's no such thing as a slam-dunk case , " she said . "  We 're still looking at the enormous amount of evidence . " She will get to decide whether Holmes ' case will be a capital one . But by the time the trial progresses , which Kornfeld said could take years , Chambers will be long gone . "  Chambers is a very successful prosecutor , " said a profile of her this week in the Atlantic magazine . "  She has the experience , talent and intellect necessary to prosecute the coming Holmes case in a productive way . But she does n't necessarily come to her most famous case , her legacy case , with completely clean hands . " She is tainted perhaps by allegations of questionable ethics -- including providing benefits to prosecution witnesses and a tight management style that has led to a backlog of cases , Kornfeld said . She was even publicly censured recently , Prendergast said . And , she has been known to scuffle with judges , police officers and other public officials . A Chambers spokeswoman said she would not comment because of a gag order placed on the Holmes case , but she has always denied the allegations against her and stood firmly in her convictions . Even some of her detractors call Chambers a fair person who tries to do the right thing . Kornfeld called her when he was defending Greg Kolomitz , the Colorado governor 's former campaign manager who was accused of mishandling funds . He recalled her saying : I know what it 's like to be a victim of a political witch hunt . We will investigate . Kornfeld said Chambers was fair . She is a Republican who was dealing with a Democratic scandal . But after looking into it , Chambers cleared Kolomitz of wrongdoing . Kornfeld said he believes Chambers ' past comes into play in her role as a prosecutor . Court appearance fuels theories about Colorado shooting suspect She was raised in a small town in Ohio , the daughter of a Presbyterian pastor , according to her official biography . Her grandfather worked for the church as did her three uncles . "  So needless to say , my childhood centered around the church , which was our extended family , " she wrote in her biography . She earned a nursing degree from Texas Christian University and then moved to Denver , where she worked in the emergency room to put herself through law school at the University of Denver . "  During the two years I worked in the ER at Denver General , I saw the results of homelessness , poverty , drug abuse , sudden and unexpected death , Alzheimer 's , suicide , disabilities , mental illness , chronic disease , severe alcohol addiction , victimization , violent crime , sexual assault , child abuse , elder abuse and driving under the influence , " she wrote . How to help the victims Kornfeld believes Chambers ' nursing experience makes her extremely empathetic and solicitous of crime victims . "  As all DAs should be , " he said . "  But she comes at it from a different background . " Chambers worked in medical malpractice defense but wanted to be a prosecutor in criminal cases . She joined the 18th Judicial District , which covers four Colorado counties . Kornfeld said he understands why Chambers has a blemished reputation . But she 's not necessarily as inflexible as people make her out to be . "  If you ask her constituents , she 's done an effective job as a law enforcement officer , " he said . She married Nathan Chambers , who defended the most notorious criminal perhaps in contemporary America -- Timothy McVeigh . He was even there to witness the execution of the Oklahoma City bomber . In Kornfeld 's mind , that makes Carol Chambers not a zealot , after all . Now all of America will be able to see her , judge her , as Coloradans have done for years -- as she prosecutes a man suspected in another heinous act that will also be a part of modern American history . Warning signs of violence : What to do CNN 's Sumit Galhotra and Jeanne-Marie Destefano contributed to this report .	District Attorney Carol Chambers has a reputation of being tough She has also courted controversy over the years She will leave office before James Holmes is brought to trial She is known to seek the death penalty in a state that does not embrace it
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama paid tribute Friday to seven CIA officers killed in Afghanistan in December , calling them "  American patriots who loved their country and gave their lives to defend it . " Obama delivered the remarks during a memorial service at CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia . The service was closed to the media to protect the identities of undercover officers in attendance . A transcript of Obama 's speech was provided to members of the press . "  There are no words that can ease the ache in your hearts , " Obama told families , friends and co-workers of the seven officers . "  But to their colleagues and all who served with them -- those here today , those still recovering , those watching around the world , I say : Let their sacrifice be a summons . To carry on their work . To complete this mission . To win this war and to keep our country safe . " A suicide bomber killed the CIA officers and contractors , as well as a Jordanian intelligence official , on December 30 at a U.S. base in Khost , in southeastern Afghanistan . The bomber was within seconds of being searched by security contractors when he detonated his explosives , a former intelligence official with knowledge of the incident said in January . Two of those killed were contractors with private security firm Xe , formerly known as Blackwater , a former intelligence official said . The CIA considers contractors to be officers . Former CIA official Robert Richer called the bombing the greatest loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , which killed eight agents . "  These remarkable men and women are the story of America , " CIA Director Leon Panetta said at Friday 's service , according to the transcript . "  They are the heart and soul of this great country . Their devotion to duty is the foundation of our country . " U.S. and Jordanian officials say the bomber , Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi , had been recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence agent , despite concerns over his extremist views , and was being used in the hunt for a senior al Qaeda figure . The suicide bombing was "  a huge blow , symbolically and tactically , " because it eliminated so many CIA officers , who can take years to become ingrained in the region , said Reva Bhalla , director of analysis for Stratfor , an international intelligence company . In addition , she said , the attack showed the ability of the Taliban to penetrate perhaps the most difficult of targets : a CIA base . But Panetta issued a strong statement at the service Friday , assuring those in attendance that "  we will carry this fight to the enemy . " "  Our resolve is unbroken , our energy undiminished and our dedication to each other and to our nation unshakable , " Panetta said .	"  Let their sacrifice be a summons , " Obama says Service held Friday morning at CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia 7 CIA officers were killed December 30 in suicide bombing in Afghanistan Intelligence analyst says suicide bombing was "  a huge blow , symbolically and tactically "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- David Carradine 's wife and his manager disputed suggestions that the actor 's death was a suicide , while rescue workers and police in Bangkok , Thailand , said the actor 's neck and genitals were found bound with rope . David Carradine was the star of the 1970s TV series , "  Kung Fu , " and appeared in more than 100 films . After Carradine 's body arrives back to the United States this weekend , an autopsy ordered by Carradine 's family will be conducted , according to the actor 's co-manager . "  They 're doing everything possible to get to the bottom of what really happened , " said Carradine 's co-manager Tiffany Smith . Carradine , 72 , became famous in the 1970s when he portrayed the traveling Shaolin monk Kwai Chang Caine in the television series "  Kung Fu . " Bangkok police said Carradine was found hanging by a nylon rope in a Bangkok hotel room closet Thursday morning . "  Our preliminary assumption is that the cause of death was suffocation , because there was a rope tied to his neck , " said Bangkok police spokesman Somprasong Yenthuam . Autopsy results will not be available for three or four weeks , said a high-ranking Thai police source who asked not to be identified . The actor 's body was released to the U.S. Embassy for a Saturday flight home after a judge signed the death certificate Friday , the police source said . A member of the emergency crew who was called to the hotel after a maid found Carradine told CNN that a yellow nylon rope was tied around the actor 's neck and a black rope was around his genitals . Police later confirmed that information . The same emergency crew source said Carradine 's hands were not tied , contrary to some media reports . Smith , the co-manager , also said media reports quoting the actor 's management saying the hands were tied were untrue . "  I do not know if you want to call it accidental , " Chuck Binder , Carradine 's manager , told CNN 's Larry King on Thursday . He said Carradine 's career was on a roll . Binder said a producer of the movie , "  Stretch , " which Carradine was to act in , called him from Thailand to tell him what was happening there . "  I do not want to get in the middle of this whole investigation , but this guy said to me for sure there was foul play , " Binder said . Watch Carradine 's friends discuss loss " Actor Michael Madsen told King that the one thing Carradine 's wife , Annie Bierman , wanted everyone to know is , "  David was not suicidal . " Investigators found no sign of a forced entry into Carradine 's room , Bangkok Police Lt. Colonel Pirom Chanpirom said . Smith would not confirm Friday that Carradine 's family had hired private investigators to look into his death , but she did say a private autopsy would be done . Modern audiences may best know Carradine as "  Bill " in Quentin Tarantino 's "  Kill Bill " films . He earned a 2005 Golden Globe nomination for his role in the second movie in the two-part saga . Tarantino , also appearing on "  Larry King Live , " called Carradine one of "  Hollywood 's great mad geniuses . " "  He was a rock star at the time ` Kung Fu ' came out , " Tarantino said , holding up a vintage metal lunch box with an image from the popular show . Watch Carradine discuss "  Kung Fu " role " "  I 'm in shock , " he said . Carradine 's career included more than 100 feature films , two dozen television movies and theater work , according to the Internet Movie Database . "  He was clearly an actor who followed his own path , " said Leah Rozen , movie critic for People magazine . See photos of some of his notable roles " "  He was never a guy who talked a whole lot . You knew , as an actor , the characters he played , you knew they had a past , you knew there was probably some unhappiness there , but he was n't going to talk about it . " Carradine was nominated for a Golden Globe for his role as folk music legend Woody Guthrie in the 1976 movie "  Bound for Glory , " according to a biography on his official Web site . He also made appearances in television series such as "  Gunsmoke " and "  Alfred Hitchcock Presents . " His first starring role in a series was as the title character in "  Shane " in 1966 . iReport : Share memories of David Carradine Carradine was married five times and divorced four , according to People magazine . He was the son of John Carradine , a character actor who appeared in hundreds of films , plays and television episodes . "  David 's career as an artist did not begin on the stage , though some of his early career was on and off Broadway . His earliest work was as a sculptor and painter , " Carradine 's official Web site says . The site also includes an "  Art Bio , " in which the actor opened up about his life . "  I 've always had an especially hard time with everything I 've tried to do , " Carradine wrote . "  I 've made it pretty big as an actor in spite of being terminally shy . ... Invariably , I had huge obstacles to overcome in anything I tried . Had to work against my genes to achieve my dreams . " CNN 's Jack Hannah , Kocha Olarn and A. Pawlowski contributed to this report .	NEW : David Carradine 's family orders autopsy when body returns to United States Actor 's family , manager dispute suicide theory Carradine found hanging by rope in Bangkok hotel closet , police say He was the star of "  Kung Fu " TV series ; also known as "  Bill " in "  Kill Bill " films
NEW YORK -- Talking excitedly and pacing the front of her classroom , Molly Greer engages her students . "  What are different paces you can go when you 're reading aloud ? Christina ? " Molly Greer , in her New York classroom , says she now wants to make teaching her career . "  Low . " "  Okay , low or soft , yes . " On the first day of school , most of the kids in Greer 's eighth-grade class could not read at a sixth-grade level . With summer almost here , it 's a totally different story for these kids , who according to their school are expected to read at or near grade level . "  It is an incredible thing for these students . " Greer graduated with honors from the University of Wisconsin . She arrived at PS 212 , the multicultural magnet school in the Bronx , New York , two years ago with a degree in political science and a desire to change the world . "  When I found out about Teach For America , " she said , "  I realized that teaching would be such an incredible way to make an impact . " Teach For America is like a local Peace Corps serving some of the country 's poorest public schools in inner cities and in rural areas . It has grown every year since its inception in 1990 , sending 20,000 college graduates into the nation 's neediest classrooms for a two-year commitment . This year , amid a tight job market , it is more popular than ever . According to the organization 's Web site , their teachers get paid the same salary and benefits as beginning teachers in their area and are paid by the local school district . About 35,000 college seniors applied for the 2009 school year , a 42 percent jump from last year . "  We had less competition from Wall Street firms , banks and places like that . It just led a lot of students to really think about what they wanted to do and how they could make an impact , " said Kevin Huffman , executive director of Teach For America . "  Eleven percent of the entire Ivy League senior class applied to join , 20 percent of African-American seniors at Ivy League schools , 8 percent of the University of Michigan and University of North Carolina , " Huffman said , "  just an incredible outpouring of interest by people competing to teach in low-income communities . " David Stanley went through the program and now recruits for Teach For America . He sees education as this generation 's civil rights issue and says there is a direct correlation between the program 's popularity and President Obama 's call to service . "  With Obama talking about the need for people with talent to go into public education , and the fact that people are still really frustrated that we live in a country where 90 percent of kids in low-income communities do n't go to college , and that the best way we can predict the number of prisons we 're going to have to build in 25 years is by looking at third-grade reading skills , and so at this particular moment in time , I think it 's really about getting our very best and asking them to go to the root of the problem , and the root of the problem is education . " This year , Teach For America will place its largest corps ever . About 4,100 high achievers from the nation 's top colleges will head to classrooms in 34 regions across the country , teaching in places like Boston , Massachusetts ; Dallas , Texas ; Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; Nashville , Tennessee ; and in more rural areas such as South Louisiana and the Mississippi Delta . But schools in Appalachia and elsewhere desperately need help . Huffman said , "  Districts across the country are facing the same economic pinch that many businesses are facing . And there are just fewer positions across the country available for teachers . " Which is why a teachers union says those positions should go to career teachers , not inexperienced recruits who may stay only the required two years . "  It 's very hard to justify laying off teachers who have given service to a school system and then turn around and bring in new teachers , " argued John Wilson of the National Education Association , the nation 's largest professional employee organization for the advancement of public education . Besides the matter of taking away potential jobs from career teachers , unions question whether these young recruits have the right credentials and experience to handle tough classrooms . "  When you 're assigning these teachers to the highest poverty schools , the most challenging schools , these children need the most experienced , the most prepared teachers , and they 're not getting them , " Wilson said , "  and that 's quite a disadvantage . " Teach For America maintains that its members go through a rigorous five-week training camp and that while on the job , many pursue a teaching certificate or master 's degree in education . New York will be taking 330 corps members into its schools this year . Vicki Bernstein , who is in charge of teacher recruitment and quality for the city 's Department of Education , says teachers coming in through alternative programs , like Teach For America , perform as well as teachers from traditional routes . "  They serve some of our highest-need children , both in terms of neighborhoods that we have difficulty attracting traditionally prepared teachers and in subject areas where we have difficulty , that teacher colleges are not preparing teachers in those areas . " The organization says two-thirds of its recruits stay in academics , like Greer , who now plans on teaching as a career . She says her experience in the classroom has been incredibly rewarding . "  When the kid makes the two years of reading growth and they have the biggest smile on their face because they achieved their goal through their own hard work , " she said , "  that feeling that I contributed to that student is the best compliment I can get , because I know that kid is in a better place to succeed in their future . "	Teach For America places college grads as teachers in low-income schools Some question whether graduates are qualified to teach in tough classrooms Group will place more than 4,000 teachers across United States this year
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Thirty-eight years ago , Joseph McGinty Nichol was a boy in Kalamazoo , Michigan , playing with toy robots . Many of the robots in "  Terminator Salvation " are real machines , which increased realism , the cast says . Today "  McG , " as he is better known , builds and blows up real robots . The prominent filmmaker is the driving force behind one of the season 's summer blockbusters , "  Terminator Salvation , " which is filled with very expensive and very explosive robots . The choice to use real robots when possible , instead of CGI  computer generated images  , was deliberate , McG said . According to the director and the film 's stars , the decision to use real machines was a testament to the growing sophistication of the moviegoing public , whom they believe can "  feel " the difference between actors standing in front of a green screen versus actors interacting with the real thing . It was also done in honor of the legendary special effects supervisor , four-time Oscar winner Stan Winston  "  Jurassic Park , " the other "  Terminator " films  , who passed away during filming last year . Watch the robots in action " The director and three of his cast members -- Christian Bale , Bryce Dallas Howard and Anton Yelchin -- took a time out with CNN to explain why gravity and singed eyebrows both played a role in "  Terminator Salvation . " Bryce Dallas Howard : That was something that was really important to McG ... when an audience member sees this film , that they can actually feel what 's occurring . I think that audiences are very savvy now . We can feel when something is CGI and that 's no disrespect to CGI -- we could n't do this movie without it -- but , whenever possible , in the tradition of Sam Winston , he wanted to build the robots . So a lot of what you see is real . McG : And if you drop something , we 've spent our whole lives watching physics in play , and if you say , just have the CGI do that , people can tell something 's off , and it releases you from being involved in the picture . So , we built all the robots , we built all the sets , we blew them up for real , a great many of us lost our eyebrows ! Christian Bale : It was kind of comical at times because something that 's meant to be so intimidating was actually surrounded by five guys with these kind of puppet rods I had to blank out or I would start laughing . But , the end result is something really formidable and you know , really iconic in movie history . Anton Yelchin : Now I 'm obsessed with the robots ! I 'm so -LSB- annoyed -RSB- that this guy or whoever it is that 's in charge of it would n't let me have one !	"  Terminator Salvation " filmmakers decide to use many real robots Idea to avoid CGI was partly in tribute to special effects master Stan Winston Film is the fourth in the "  Terminator " series
CNN  -- Hanging just above the reception at Wembley Stadium is a long , white pole . As tourists flock to the iconic "  Home of Football " they gaze toward the slightly discolored and aging artifact . In days gone past , some would rub it . Some would kiss it . Some would simply walk past while muttering "  Nein " under their breath . But to underestimate the contribution of this seemingly lifeless piece of apparatus would be criminal . Some 47 years since that pole played an integral role in deciding the 1966 World Cup final , FIFA , the game 's governing body , has announced that goal-line technology will be used at the tournament in Brazil in 2014 . When tourists take the grand tour of Wembley , they begin at the "  Crossbar reception " where they will find that iconic feature still hanging to this day . It was on July 30 , 1966 that Geoff Hurst appeared to fire England into a 3-2 lead on the way to victory over West Germany . Hurst 's effort , which hit the crossbar and bounced down "  over " the line , was awarded by referee Gottfried Dienst and Soviet linesman Tofik Bakhramov amid heavy protestations England eventually went on to win the contest 4-2 , lifting the Jules Rimet trophy for the first and only time . Yet , even now , following years of fierce debate and the introduction of technology , nobody has definitively proved whether the correct decision was made that day . Fast forward to the 2010 World Cup and it was England which once again furthered the case for the introduction of technology . Frank Lampard 's strike , ironically against Germany , was not awarded by Uruguayan referee Jorge Larrionda , despite the ball quite clearly landing over the goal line . To the entire watching world , it was a goal . But not the one man who mattered . The incident , which occurred under the watching gaze of FIFA president Sepp Blatter , convinced the Swiss administrator that technology should be introduced sooner rather than later . Goal-line technology  GLT  was successfully trialled at last year 's Club World Cup in Japan and will be used at the Confederations Cup in Brazil this June ahead of the 2014 World Cup in the same country , FIFA said Tuesday . "  The aim is to use GLT in order to support the match officials and to install a system in all stadia , pending the successful installation , and pre-match referee tests , " it said in a statement . "  With different technologies on the market , FIFA has launched a tender today , setting out the technical requirements for the two forthcoming competitions in Brazil . " Goal-line technology approved in soccer The news will be widely greeted , and with some relief , following a whole host of incidents in recent years . At the 2012 European Championship finals , Ukraine was denied a goal against England when Marko Devic 's shot crossed the English goal line but was not given . There have been several other instances , from Pedro Mendes ' "  goal " for Tottenham at Manchester United in 2005 through to Clint Hill 's header for Queens Park Rangers in another English Premier League match at Bolton last year which was not given , despite replays showing it had quite clearly gone over the line . Two rival systems have been given licenses by FIFA : Hawk-Eye , which is similar to the system used at the Wimbledon tennis tournament ; and GoalRef from Germany . FIFA expects others to enter the bidding , which is open until mid-March , with a final decision to be made in April . Hawk-Eye uses "  triangulation " to pinpoint the exact location of the football . If it crosses the goal line , then an encrypted radio signal is sent to the referee 's wristwatch to indicate a goal has been scored . In line with FIFA 's requirements , the whole process takes less than a second to complete . GoalRef uses a microchip implanted in the ball and low magnetic waves around the goal . The system detects any change in the magnetic field on or behind the goal line to determine if a goal has been scored and alerts the ref . Michel Platini , head of European football 's ruling body UEFA , remains a staunch opponent of the use of such technology . A football purist , Platini has maintained his position , despite incidents such as Ukraine 's "  goal " at Euro 2012 . UEFA does not use goal-line technology in its Champions League and Europa League competitions . Instead , it persists with the use of extra officials behind the goal to inform the referee 's decisions . Speaking to the media last June , Platini said : "  The goal between England and Ukraine : it was a goal . It was a mistake from the referee . But there was an offside before then . "  If the officials had given offside there would n't have been a goal . So why do n't we have technology for offside decisions as well ? Where does it stop ? It 's not goal-line technology in itself . "  I am against technology coming into force to actually make decisions . It invades every single area . If tomorrow someone handballs it on the line and the referee does n't see it , what then ? "  We ca n't just have goal-line technology . We also need sensors to see if someone has handballed it . "  We need cameras to see if it should be a goal or not . "	FIFA confirms that goal-line technology will be used at the 2014 World Cup Technology was successfully trialled at last year 's Club World Cup in Japan System will be in place for Confederations Cup in Brazil this June FIFA has opened tender and is expecting multiple bids for rights
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is getting a lot of free advice . Here 's a question , not an answer : With every issue in the Middle East intertwined with every other , like a giant bowl of spaghetti , where do you begin ? In reality , no matter where you begin in the Middle East , each strand connects to almost every other : Syria ? Immediately you must think of the Turks who are harboring refugees and fighters just across the border , and Syrian Kurds , who are beginning to harbor thoughts of autonomy and are increasing contacts with their ethnic brothers in Iraq and Turkey . Iran , of course , is aiding the beleaguered Bashar al-Assad but also trying to organize an exit strategy ; Saudi Arabia and Qatar are pouring money and arms into the country with the sole purpose of cracking the Syria-Iran entente ; Iraq fears that a Sunni takeover in Syria will revitalize its own restless Sunnis . The Palestinian issue ? No need to elaborate . That is tangled up with everything in the Middle East . The Arab awakening ? The policies you adopt with the emerging Islamist governments will affect every strand you touch in the region , from relations with Israel to the Arab states in the Persian Gulf that are terrified of sweeping change . The president will not have the luxury of choosing a single issue and ignoring or postponing all the others . The whole Middle East has a habit of intruding , and policy choices will have to be made about each of the major issues , even if it is not convenient . Still , in plotting a second term , the president must establish some priorities . Trying to do everything at once is not only bad strategy , it is a certain recipe for failure across the board . A point of entry : Possibly the most promising strand to pull when trying to unravel the Mideast problem is the Iranian dilemma . When Obama came into office four years ago , he courageously promised to engage Iranian leaders . He made a genuine attempt , but he quickly pulled back in the face of Iran 's brutal suppression of a civil uprising , Israeli demands for an early deadline on the nuclear issue and the fact that he had a lot on his domestic plate . Trita Parsi evocatively describes that episode in the book "  A Single Roll of the Dice . " There was no staying power . Instead , the United States reverted to its default position of sanctions while maintaining the framework for serious negotiations with Iran as part of the so-called P5 +1 -- the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council  the United States , Britain , France , China and Russia  plus one  Germany  . The sanctions did their job . Iran has gladly accepted the invitation of the P5 +1 to return to the negotiating table . However , in the run-up to the presidential election , the United States was unwilling to put a meaningful offer on the table , and the negotiating track languished in a kind of limbo . The value of sanctions : Sanctions have two useful purposes . One is to persuade Iran to return to the negotiating table . That has happened . The other is to give the sanctioning party something to bargain away in return for concessions . Up to this point , the United States has been unwilling to offer significant sanctions relief in return for significant concessions from Iran . Sanctions have assumed a life of their own and are gradually becoming politically untouchable . If that remains true , then there is no prospect of serious negotiations . There is another use of sanctions -- to punish a party you do n't like and potentially coerce them into submission or collapse . The current sanctions regime is taking on that coloration , even if it is seldom discussed as such . The record of sanctions in producing abject surrender or regime change is not promising . Instead , the sanctions typically hurt the average citizen , while leaders escape most of the effects and adopt a defiant posture , blaming their own failings on outside interference . This is beginning to happen in Iran today . Vicious assaults on the well-being of a country 's population can produce popular bitterness and hostility against the "  enemy " that can last for generations . The shape of an agenda : As with many long-standing disputes , the broad outlines of a settlement are well-known to the parties . What is lacking is the political judgment by both sides that now is the moment to proceed with a deal that will require mutual compromise . The United States and its allies will have to accept a measure of Iranian domestic enrichment of uranium . Iran will have to accept limits on its entire nuclear infrastructure , subject to intrusive inspections and monitoring . Iran will need to document the history of its nuclear program , and the West will need to remove sanctions . All of this must happen in a step-by-step process with safeguards and verifications at each stage . There is nothing easy about it . The Iranians are known as obstinate and often infuriating negotiators . The United States is not known for its patience , and it can be clumsy and ponderous as it attempts to please multiple constituencies at the same time . Iran is certain to face strong objections from its hardliners , and the same will apply in the United States . The hardliners on both sides , who regard another Middle East war as an acceptable option , reinforce each other and impede efforts to find mutually acceptable compromises . Israel and the U.S. Congress will try to impose impractically tight deadlines . And events in the region , such as the recent case of Iranian aircraft firing on a U.S. surveillance drone , can sabotage negotiations . The Arab states of the Gulf will be intensely suspicious of any hint of a secret deal between the United States and Iran . They remember America 's strategic reliance on the shah , the Reagan administration 's covert sale of weapons to Iran in the mid-1980s and America 's installation of a Shia government in Iraq . They  and Israel  will have to be persuaded that any accommodation with Iran is not at their expense . Private and public negotiations : The starting point must be private U.S.-Iran discussions , leading to an agreed agenda . Both sides have recently hinted that such talks are under consideration , and reactions from the European Union , Russia and even the American people have been undismayed , even openly supportive . The choice of representatives and venues is less important than confidence that delegates credibly reflect the view of their leaders . Experience suggests that an agreed agenda is more likely to emerge from bilateral discussions outside the glare of publicity . If that is accomplished , then the actual negotiations could be carried out within the existing P5 +1 framework . Even a preliminary agreement -- establishing a mutually acceptable process with a defined end point -- would help to unravel some of the tangles of Middle East issues . The threat of a new war in the Middle East would be reduced . The possibility of getting Iranian cooperation on Syria would be improved . The threat of nuclear proliferation in the region would be tamped down at least temporarily . And the multiple flash points in the Gulf could potentially cool down , leaving opportunities for more constructive initiatives . The history of U.S.-Iran relations is a story of relentless hostility and serial missed opportunities . Chances for genuine progress come along scarcely once in a decade . So , Mr. President , here is one more piece of free advice : The present constellation of circumstances with Iran is probably the best you 're going to get . Do n't let it pass . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Gary Sick .	Gary Sick : Mideast issues are all bound up together , impossible to disentangle Syria , Iran , Israel , the Palestinians , Saudi Arabia : All are intertwined politically Obama 's first step must be to deal with Iran , he says , accepting compromise essential Sick : Iran deal would cut threat of war , help in Syria , lesson risk of nuclear proliferation in region
CNN  -- As the nation and the world 's attention turned to the impending execution of Hank Skinner in Texas before a late stay by a Texas court , one question seemed paramount : "  Why the rush ? " The answer to that question is buried deep inside the psychology of prosecutors and the culture of Texas . Skinner was scheduled for execution on Wednesday for the 1993 killing of his girlfriend , Twila Busby , and her two sons , until the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals  the top criminal court in that state  issued a stay late on Monday . While Skinner was found hiding in another house after the murders and some tests showed the blood of the victims on his clothes , he has maintained his innocence . He claims he was in the house at the time of the killing , but was too incapacitated by alcohol and codeine to have hurt anyone . Some question his conviction and point to Busby 's uncle as another suspect , and Skinner wants some of the items found at the scene tested for DNA . Even the foreperson of the convicting jury has now stepped forward to ask that the tests be conducted . However , the prosecutors have steadfastly refused to allow such testing , and Skinner 's attorneys have failed  thus far  to get a court order requiring those tests . The prosecutors have been adamant about an immediate execution , precluding further tests , and it is this fact that many people find baffling . As a former prosecutor who then spent 10 years training future prosecutors in Texas , I am not surprised by this development . Quite simply , the prosecutors are committed to their conviction in a way that should surprise no one . To a prosecutor , convicting dangerous people and incapacitating them is a life 's work , nothing less than their duty to a community . Prosecutors have wide discretion in choosing whom to charge with capital murder and whether to seek the death penalty for the person they have charged . Once they have chosen that path , though , it is a somber commitment : It is nothing less than a public pledge to kill another person , and that is the kind of thing that is not done lightly . There is a deep emotional component to it , and that emotional commitment can not be ignored , especially when it no longer matches the trajectory of justice . Academics such as Susan Bandes and Ellen Yaroshefsky have studied the emotional overcommitment of prosecutors , and explain it in part by looking to peer groups . Throughout the post-conviction process , prosecutors are usually surrounded by people  such as supervisors and investigators  who share their commitment to a conviction . At the same time , ethical rules keep them away from the person with the highest stake in the game , the defendant , who may want to challenge the outcome . Among those complaining about the rush to execution has been the government of France . Here 's a news flash : Texans really do n't care much what the French think . What do Texans care about ? As even a casual observer of the campaign of Texas Gov. Rick Perry for president has probably noticed , many Texans care about the Bible . Texas , for good or bad , has a highly Christianized political culture , and the very center of the Christian gospels themselves contain a dramatic warning against the dangers of overcommitted prosecutors . At the trial of Christ it was the chief priest , Caiaphas , who took the role of prosecutor . As the trial wore on , he became frustrated . The evidence had contradicted itself ; it suggested more than one story . Finally , Caiaphas could take no more and demanded an immediate outcome . He tore his shirt and said , "  Why do we still need witnesses ? " It was only then that Christ was condemned to die . That emotion , enough to tear your own shirt , is the kind of commitment that is in the heart of prosecutors . It is a passion born of good intentions , but one that can turn against the good . Caiaphas was not a hero , and Texans of all people should understand that . The commitment of prosecutors is too rooted in emotion to be a deciding factor in a case such as this , and the objectivity of courts must bring to bear what is right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Osler .	Texas was set to execute man who wanted evidence tested for DNA Court stayed his execution Monday over objection of prosecutors Mark Osler says prosecutors who try death penalty cases display certainty He says courts need to step in to make sure justice is being done
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The bloody beating of Nicolas Cage 's son on a Hollywood sidewalk last week followed a search for the 20-year-old because the actor wanted to see his son before leaving town , a source with knowledge of the incident said . A lawyer for Cage said he was "  looking for Weston because he did n't have his cell phone and he wanted to get in touch with him to do some recording . " Cage 's request that the man he paid to be his son 's assistant locate his son "  does n't justify what occurred , which was a deliberate , provoked attack where Weston was in no condition to defend himself , " Cage attorney Martin Singer said Monday . The younger Cage asked Los Angeles police to investigate the assistant , Kevin Villegas , for the alleged assault , according Los Angeles Police Sgt. John Gomperz . Villegas was fired after the incident last week . Weston Cage was placed under a psychiatric hold after Los Angeles police responded to the incident Tuesday , but he was released over the weekend . Cell phone video posted online showed Weston Cage being repeatedly hit as he was pinned down on a sidewalk . "  He wanted Kevin to leave , and what happened , at least three witnesses told me , there was a provocation , " Singer said . "  Weston threw a weak kick . He put Weston down on the floor , and he began a barrage of punches , 13 to 15 to the face . " "  I deeply lament the incident that occurred between me and Weston last Tuesday , " Villegas said , "  and plead with the media and the public to suspend their judgment of the episode until all of the facts come to light . " The violent incident came amid a dispute between Weston Cage 's mother , Christina Fulton , and Nicolas Cage over how to deal with their son 's psychological issues , which are outlined in legal document filed in Fulton 's lawsuit against Cage . She said she put her acting career on hold for two decades to raise the child while Cage , one of Hollywood 's highest-paid actors , pursued his career . Fulton is suing Cage over unpaid taxes and the Hollywood home where she raised Weston , and is seeking to regain legal control over her son , who court documents say suffers from "  a number of mental , psychological and physical ailments . " He lived with Fulton after she and Cage , who were never married , split up when Weston was a child . Villegas was hired several years ago as Weston Cage 's personal wrestling coach when he was in high school . He later became a personal assistant to Nicolas Cage to help with his son . "  Because of a confidentiality agreement , I am limited in what I can share publicly on this matter , " Villegas said . "  I 'm grateful that Weston is getting the care that he needs and wish him all the best . " Villegas was following orders from Nicolas Cage to find and hold on to his adult son the afternoon of the incident , said the source , who asked not to be identified because of legal and confidentiality issues . The older Cage 's lawyer denied the actor asked the assistant to hold on to his son . He only wanted to have the younger Cage call his father , Singer said . The source disputed an initial report that the fight began when Villegas told Weston Cage he could not order a certain item from a restaurant menu . Fulton blames Nicolas Cage for what she said is her son 's downward spiral since he turned 18 and left her legal guardianship . "  I do not want him with Nicolas Cage , " Fulton said . "  I do not want him in that care . That is not the care my son needs . " Weston Cage , in a statement delivered through his father 's lawyer Friday afternoon , said that he did not want his mother to be involved in his care . "  I am an adult , " Weston Cage said . "  I do n't want to have anything to do with my mother . Any problems that I have ever had is because of the relationship that I had with my mother . " When Fulton heard the quote , she called it "  an absolute disgrace , " suggesting that Cage 's lawyer solicited a statement from her son while he was under a psychiatric hold at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center . "  My son is under a spell . He 's under a trance , " Fulton said . "  Weston would say whatever his dad wants him to say . " Fulton said it is Nicolas Cage 's fault that their son is in a hospital . "  He had his chance , " she said of the elder Cage . "  He had his chance to make it right . My son had a healthy environment here . He had a system that was fantastic . I built that with myself and my team . " She said she fired Villegas three years ago , but Nicolas Cage rehired him , she said . Nicolas Cage , in a statement from his spokeswoman Friday , called Fulton 's comments blaming him for his son 's psychiatric troubles "  unfortunate and inappropriate . " "  This is a time to focus only on giving love and full support to Weston , not an opportunity to lay blame on his father , a man who loves his son very deeply , " Cage said . Fulton said Cage was rarely around for her son growing up , while she dealt with his medical and psychological issues . "  For 18 years , I raised Weston so Nicolas could go be Nicolas Cage , and go be a superstar , and he did , " she said . "  So I raised this boy , 24/7 , we were glued to the hip . " After Weston 's 18th birthday , his father "  orchestrated " his removal from her care by persuading the employees she hired to work for him and giving Weston his own home and money , Fulton said . "  They all go work with Nicolas Cage because he has the money and he has the bank account and he has the fame , and I do n't , " she said . Weston 's special needs were not being met without her , she said . "  My son right now has been under the care of Nicolas , " she said . "  That did n't work . It 's very obvious it did n't work . It failed miserably , failed miserably . " Singer , Cage 's lawyer , said Fulton 's lawsuit against Cage is her motivation for attacking her son 's father . "  Ms. Fulton comments about Mr. Cage are absurd , and it 's very unfortunate that she would lash out like this because her son does not want to have anything to do with her , " Singer said . "  This is clearly all about money for Ms. Fulton . " Fulton 's lawyer said she would file for conservatorship of her son next week so she could ensure that he will get the care he needs when he is eventually released from the psychiatric hold . "  I 'd like my son to be with his mom , where it worked , " Fulton said . "  I 'd like my son to be in an environment where it worked . You know , 18 years of being successful , 18 years of watching my son respond to all the medical intervention that I have given him and all the support . Why would you mess with that ? Why would you interfere with that ? My son needs to be home . "	NEW : Cage 's lawyer confirms the actor sent an assistant to find his son NEW : It does n't justify a "  deliberate , provoked attack , " Cage 's lawyer says Weston Cage 's former personal assistant is being investigated in the 20-year-old 's beating Former assistant asks public to "  suspend their judgment " until "  all of the facts come to light "
CNN  A Lowndes County , Georgia , grand jury has indicted a man on a felony charge of making a false statement to investigators in connection with the 2013 death of Kendrick Johnson . According to incident reports released to CNN after an Open Records Act request , Dalton Ray Chauncey told neighbors he 'd overheard two students at Lowndes High School in Valdosta discussing their involvement in the 17-year-old 's death . Chauncey was arrested August 6 . His mother , Michelle Chauncey , told CNN that her son is bipolar and is being used by the sheriff 's office as a "  fall guy . " "  They have literally slandered my child , and I do n't appreciate that , " his mother said in an August phone interview . Dalton Ray Chauncey , 20 , was indicted Friday . Johnson 's body was found inside a rolled gym mat at Lowndes High School in January 2013 . Sheriff 's investigators determined there was no evidence of foul play and closed the case in May 2013 . However , Johnson 's parents believe their son was beaten to death . They hired an independent pathologist , who found "  unexplained apparent nonaccidental blunt force trauma " to the teen 's neck and concluded the death was a homicide . Chauncey told investigators two boys at the school wanted to rough Kendrick up , but they took it too far . According to the arrest report , Chauncey gave deputies only the first names of those two boys . Investigators interviewed one student with a name matching Chauncey 's claim . That student denied having the conversation . Investigators say they were unable to locate any student with the second name Chauncey gave them . Lowndes County investigators questioned Chauncey about inconsistencies in his statement July 23 , according to investigative records . According to the reports , "  Chauncey admitted he had fabricated the story while at the home of friends in order to boast . " The students he claimed had admitted involvement in Johnson 's death "  do not exist , " the report said . Chauncey 's mother said in August her son 's story is true , but he told investigators he 'd made up the story , hoping they 'd end the questioning . She told a detective twice that her son had mental issues , she said , adding that she felt her son should not have been interviewed alone . "  He 's bipolar . His comprehension level is not like ours , " Michelle Chauncey said . "  He 's a good-hearted boy . He just gets screwed over a lot . " According to an incident report , sheriff 's investigators asked Dalton Ray Chauncey to take a polygraph test July 29 . He declined and told a detective "  it was all over because he made it all up and it was a lie , " according to the report . A warrant was issued for Chauncey 's arrest July 30 . He was taken into custody the following week and released a day later on $ 2,500 bond . In a written statement , an attorney for the sheriff 's office wrote in August that CNN had been provided pertinent records in Chauncey 's case and it would not be appropriate to comment further . U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia Michael Moore launched a federal investigation into Johnson 's death in October 2013 . Last month , an attorney for Johnson 's parents filed a wide-ranging , $ 100 million lawsuit that claims several former classmates beat their son to death . The suit names 37 people , mostly members of local law enforcement , plus the city of Valdosta as defendants .	Grand jury indicts man who police say lied to Kendrick Johnson investigators Police say man told them he overheard students admitting involvement in Johnson 's death Dalton Ray Chauncey 's mother says he 's bipolar , should n't have been interviewed alone
CNN  -- Canada suspended relations with Iran and expelled the country 's diplomats Friday , calling the country 's regime "  the most significant threat to global peace and security in the world today . " Iranian diplomats in Canada have five days to get out , Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird said Friday in a scathing statement . Canada 's diplomatic staff has already left Iran , and Baird advised all Canadians to avoid travel to the country . U.N. 's Ban , in Iran , slams Holocaust denial , hostility to Israel Among other things , Iran "  refuses to comply with U.N. resolutions pertaining to its nuclear program ; it routinely threatens the existence of Israel and engages in racist anti-Semitic rhetoric and incitement to genocide ; it is among the world 's worst violators of human rights ; and it shelters and materially supports terrorist groups , " Baird said . He also called out the regime for providing military support to the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who has been widely criticized in international circles for the government 's bloody effort to suppress a rebellion . "  Moreover , " Baird said , "  the Iranian regime has shown blatant disregard for the Vienna Convention and its guarantee of protection for diplomatic personnel . Under the circumstances , Canada can no longer maintain a diplomatic presence in Iran . Our diplomats serve Canada as civilians , and their safety is our number one priority . " A spokesman for the Iranian foreign ministry slammed the decision Saturday . "  Hostile attitude of the Canadian racist government is indeed pursuing the policies as dictated by the Zionist regime and the UK , " Ramin Mehmanparast said , according to the semiofficial news agency , IRNA Christian pastor -- once sentenced to death in Iran -- is released , group says	Canada cites increasing concern about Iran 's nuclear program , other issues Foreign minister : Iran is the world 's "  most significant threat to global peace and security " Canadian diplomats have already left Iran , John Baird says He says Iranian diplomats have five days to get out of Canada
CNN  -- A lawyer for Angelina Jolie 's former body double -- who is suing Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. over alleged phone hacking -- said Tuesday that other people have contacted his team with their own claims . "  There 's been a bunch of people , the majority residents of England , but some in the United States , who have asked us to bring claims for them , " Norman Siegel told reporters in New York . "  The legal team is researching those and , at some later date , we 'll make a collective judgment as to whether we have enough evidence to go forward . " Siegel said that threshold has been reached in the lawsuit filed June 13 in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles by the body double , Eunice Huthart . The suit alleges that Huthart 's cell phone was hacked in an attempt to find information about Jolie , with whom Huthart lived in Brentwood , California , from early January until mid-June 2004 , while they were working on the film "  Mr. & Mrs. Smith . " Huthart also lived in Los Angeles from mid-March until mid-May 2005 doing reshoots for the film , it says . "  On occasions from 2004 to 2005 , Plaintiff did not receive messages left and stored on her cellular telephone system while she was in the United States and in the United Kingdom , " the 40-page complaint says . "  Plaintiff complained to her service provider , Vodafone , about lost voice messages . On occasions friends and relatives asked Plaintiff why she had not replied to their messages . They included Ms. Jolie , who left messages concerning hotel arrangements where she was staying , code names for hotels and individuals , dinner reservations , meet-up times and , on occasion , when she sought the help of Plaintiff during times of need . " The missed calls affected Huthart 's daughter and caused her relationship with her husband to suffer , the complaint alleges . Huthart 's name , her cell phone number , her account number and/or her PIN number appear on four pages of notes written by Glenn Mulcaire , a private investigator who did work for News Corp 's now-defunct "  News of the World , " and obtained by Metropolitan Police , the complaint says . Mulcaire and unidentified investigators and journalists "  intentionally and willfully reset Plaintiff 's PIN number on several occasions in order to intercept her cellular telephone messages , " it says . Some of the journalists then deleted them "  to gain an exclusive of the private and confidential information that was on the voice-mail message , " it alleges . The defendants "  knew or should have known that executives , employees and agents of The Sun and News of the World were engaged in widespread phone hacking , " the suit alleges . A charge sheet from the Crown Prosecution Service , dated July 24 , 2012 , lists Huthart as a phone-hacking victim , the complaint says . It cites an April 1 , 2005 , item in The Sun that said , "  Yesterday The Sun exclusively revealed -LSB- Brad -RSB- and Angelina checking into a hotel posing as a married couple during a weekend trip to plug their new movie Mr. & Mrs. Smith . " At the time , it was not publicly known that the two actors were a couple , it says . The lawsuit is seeking damages in an unspecified amount that would include any profits made by the defendants , punitive damages , attorneys ' fees and costs . A News Corp. spokesman declined comment on the lawsuit . Siegel said he also represents families of victims killed in the September 11 terrorist attacks whose phones may have been hacked by News Corp. employees , and that the FBI has opened an investigation . Accusations that journalists at Murdoch 's British newspapers hacked into the phones of politicians , celebrities and unwitting people caught up in the news shook his media empire in 2011 and caused the closing of the 168-year-old News of the World newspaper . Arrests and lawsuits followed in its wake . 4 journalists arrested in UK phone hacking probe Rupert Murdoch : The last press baron CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Jaime Solano contributed to this report .	Lawyer Norman Siegel says "  a bunch of people " have contacted his team Eunice Huthart served as Angelina Jolie 's body double In her suit , Huthart says intercepted and missed calls from Jolie caused marital strife A News Corp. spokesman has no comment
Washington  CNN  Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said in an interview with CNN Wednesday that if the Supreme Court eventually rules that same-sex marriage is constitutional , Americans would have to abide by that ruling . "  I would n't agree with their ruling , but that would be the law of the land that we would have to follow until it 's somehow reversed -- either by a future Supreme Court , or a U.S. constitutional amendment , which I do n't think is realistic or foreseeable , " he said . He said he expects the question "  is ultimately going to find its way to the U.S. Supreme court , " noting that many federal courts have recently issued rulings overturning state bans on gay marriage . Indeed , many court watchers expect the Supreme Court to take up a case on that very issue this month , and potentially deliver a ruling this Spring . That prospect , and the end of Florida 's same-sex marriage ban this week , have brought the issue back into the national spotlight and sparked a fresh debate within the Republican Party over gay marriage , which the party 's social conservative base staunchly opposes . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who is preparing for a potential run for president , offered a careful statement respecting the decision for the Florida development . During a Tuesday interview with CNN in the Capitol , Rubio declined to evaluate Bush 's comments because he said he had n't seen them . But the senator , who is contemplating a presidential run of his own , said he would respect federal courts ' decisions to overturn gay marriage bans . "  My position on -LSB- gay marriage -RSB- is pretty well-known . I mean , I believe that the institution of marriage is defined as the union of one man and one woman . I understand that voters in some states have changed that , and I respect it , " he said . "  And , you know , we have a court system that 's beginning to weigh in -- and whatever the law is , we 're going to abide by it and respect it . " But his Tuesday comments came in contrast to remarks he made in a speech at Catholic University in July defending state legislatures ' and voters ' rights to oppose gay marriage without judicial interference . "  Americans like myself who support keeping the traditional definition of marriage also have a right to work to keep traditional definition of marriage in our laws without seeing them overturned by a judge , " he said , according to Politico . The Florida senator clarified during his Wednesday phone conversation that he felt his remarks did not constitute a shift from his July speech -- that while he felt the court was mistaken , the state 's officials had no option but to abide by it . "  I think -LSB- the court 's decision -RSB- is wrong , both on legal principles , and I also think it 's the wrong way to " reverse Florida 's gay marriage ban , which was approved by voters in 2008 . He said the proper way to overturn a gay marriage ban is to offer an opposing ballot measure for the state 's voters to again consider . But he added : "  I do n't think -LSB- Florida 's -RSB- clerks have a choice , at this stage , given that the ruling is there unless there 's a stay , " to follow the court 's decision and issue marriage licenses . Rubio said if ultimately the Supreme Court issued a ruling protecting gay marriage as constitutional , opponents of gay marriage would be "  in the same boat as opponents of Roe v. Wade , " the SCOTUS decision that established a woman 's constitutional right to an abortion . The controversy surrounding the issue underscores the tension inherent in the Republican Party 's efforts to expand outreach beyond the GOP 's traditional base of social conservatives , as the nation as a whole moves towards widespread acceptance of gay marriage and more state legislatures overturn gay marriage bans . It 's likely to become a hot-button issue in the GOP presidential primary as contenders jockey to differentiate themselves in what 's expected to be a wide-open field . Bush 's recent announcement that he 's "  actively exploring " a bid is expected to dissuade some from entering the race , and his launch this week of a leadership PAC and super PAC heightened speculation over his bid . Many expect that if Bush runs , Rubio , who shares much of Bush 's political circle in Florida , wo n't -- but the senator said Tuesday it wo n't impact his decision . "  There 'll be multiple people running for president . They 're all going to build organizations and raise money , " he said , noting that if Bush runs he 'll be a "  very formidable candidate . " But he added : "  I think once someone makes a decision and that 's what they want to do to serve our country , you do that irrespective of who else might be in the race . " "  No one 's decision would have a bearing on whether I decide whether that 's where I want to serve or not -- not just his , " Rubio continued . Rubio has the unusual challenge of deciding whether to run for reelection to the Senate or for president in 2016 . If he does decide to launch a presidential bid , he 'll likely face stiff competition from a number of his colleagues in the Senate , including Sens. Ted Cruz and Rand Paul , both of whom have made little secret of their interest in the race . But Cruz , passing Rubio on his way to the Capitol , gave Rubio a brotherly pat on the back and joked to a reporter , "  Whatever he says , " before rushing off , as Rubio laughed . Rubio later said his relationship with Cruz was "  good . " "  I hopefully get along with all my colleagues . We do n't all agree on everything , especially with my Democratic colleagues on some key issues , but hopefully we get along with everyone , " he said .	Marco Rubio said Americans should "  abide " by a Supreme Court decision if it rules gay marriage is constitutional Local officials have no choice but to abide by federal courts ' decisions to overrule gay marriage bans , he added Rubio said Jeb Bush 's decision on 2016 wo n't dissuade him from running
A British court sentenced a 35-year-old woman Thursday to more than five years in prison for using Facebook to promote terrorism -- including urging other women to send their husbands off "  to fight for the sake of Allah " and saying she looked forward to the day her young son could join them . Runa Khan was arrested in her hometown of Luton , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  north of London , last December , and she pleaded guilty to four counts of distributing terrorist publications more than seven months later . Her sentencing occurred Thursday in Kingston Crown Court , the Metropolitan Police Service said . The four counts relate to four different specific Facebook posts posted by Khan , under the name Khawla Khattab , according to police . One , from late July 2013 , shows a suicide vest with the words "  sacrificing your life to benefit Islam . " Another gives details to another person online about how to go from Turkey to Syria -- a common route for would-be jihadists looking to join groups like ISIS , the Islamist extremist group that has used brutal tactics against nonbelievers while taking vast swaths of Syria and Iraq . In a message posted September 18 , 2013 , Khan speaks directly to her fellow women . "  Dear sisters , " she writes , "  if you love your sons , your husbands and your brothers , prove it by sending them to fight for the sake of Allah . "  Do n't you want them to enter jannah " -- an Islamic concept of eternal paradise -- "  without reckoning ? " Khan adds . "  Do n't you want them to prepare for you a palace in jannah ? " On that same day , Khan reposted an article headlined "  Sisters ' role in jihad off the battlefield " that suggests that mothers introduce very young children to target shooting as a way of training them for jihad . "  There are two main reasons why sisters themselves also need to get military training , " the article adds . "  Firstly , so they can participate in jihad themselves . And secondly , so they can train their sons and daughters for it . " Detectives also uncovered other Facebook postings , like one complaining about Muslims who condemned the 2013 murder of British soldier Lee Rigby near a barracks in southeast London . Cellphone footage from right after the attack shows one of the now-convicted murderers , Michael Adebolajo , ranting that the killing was "  an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth " for British soldiers ' killing of Muslims overseas . And in late September 2013 , Khan posted a comment on Facebook that said , "  Zipping up my 8 year old boys jacket as he wants to play outside for a bit . I pictured the future while I was zipping up his jacket , inshallah " -- which translates to "  if God is willing " -- "  I 'll be tying the shahada bandana round his forehead and hand him his rifle and send him out to play the big boys game . Allahu Akbar . " Cmdr. Richard Walton , the head of the Metropolitan Police 's counterterrorism command , said in a statement that Khan used social media to "  spread extremism , radicalise others and justify children being used for terrorism . " Her case is one of many related to terrorism that British authorities have pursued in recent years . "  We aim to make the internet a more hostile environment for terrorists , " Walton added . "  Today 's sentence supports that aim . "	A British woman , 35 , was arrested last year because of her posts on Facebook Runa Khan is sentenced to over 5 years for distributing terrorist publications She used social media to urge other women to train for jihad , send husbands off to fight Police official : "  We aim to make the internet a more hostile environment for terrorists "
CNN  -- Alex Karras , the burly defensive lineman turned actor in the ABC sitcom "  Webster , " died Wednesday surrounded by his family in their Los Angeles home following a hard-fought battle with kidney disease , heart disease , dementia and stomach cancer , according to a family spokesman . He was 77 . "  Alex was known to family and friends as a gentle , loving , generous man who loved gardening and preparing Greek and Italian feasts , " his family said in a written statement . The Gary , Indiana , native was an All-American at the University of Iowa who was thrust into professional football in 1958 with a first-round draft pick by the Detroit Lions , where he played until 1971 . It was in Detroit where he helped the team 's defensive line become one of several through the years to bear the nickname "  Fearsome Foursome , " earning a reputation for his formidable presence on and off the line . But in 1963 , NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle suspended Karras and Green Bay Packers running back Paul Hornung for gambling on National Football League games , prompting the All-Pro tackle to try his hand at professional wrestling . SI : Karras helped revolutionize the NFL in the 1960s The following year , after he returned to the gridiron , Karras reportedly refused to take part in a pregame coin toss . "  I 'm sorry , sir , " he quipped to the official . "  I 'm not permitted to gamble . " But Hollywood was calling . And according to his family , he "  had always dreamed of being an actor " and got a boost when Lucille Ball "  took him under her wing and allowed him to train in small parts . " After various appearances on television shows , Karras landed breakout movie roles , including spots in "  Porky 's " and "  Victor Victoria . " He also played "  Mongo " in the Mel Brooks 1974 satirical western "  Blazing Saddles , " slugging a horse and uttering the memorable phrase , "  Mongo only pawn in game of life . " He later joined the long-running television show "  Webster , " where he played George Papadapolis , the guardian of the newly orphaned Webster , played by actor Emmanuel Lewis . Karras also co-wrote autobiographies called "  Even Big Guys Cry " and "  Alex Karras by Alex Karras , " and sat in the broadcast booth along with Howard Cosell and Frank Gifford during "  Monday Night Football " broadcasts . "  While his legacy reached far beyond the gridiron , we always will fondly remember Alex as one of our own and also as one of the best to ever wear the Honolulu Blue and Silver , " Lions President Tom Lewand said . In April , Karras -- who had been battling dementia -- joined more than 3,000 other former NFL players who are suing the league for not better protecting them from head injuries . The players , who say they suffer from a variety of debilitating and potentially life-threatening concussion-related injuries , got a high-profile boost when the former Lion joined their ranks . His family said he also was a strong supporter of the environment . "  His love of nature and most especially of the ocean , where he spent many happy days on his fishing boat , led him to support numerous organizations committed to protecting our environment for future generations , " his family said . "  In lieu of flowers , please make a donation to one of the organizations Alex Karras ardently supported : Natural Resources Defense Council , Bioneers , Greenpeace Foundation or the Pesticide Action Network . " Memorial services are being planned and will be announced soon , his family said . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Sarah Hoye contributed to this report .	Lions President Tom Lewand : We "  will fondly remember Alex as one of our own " Karras sat in the broadcast booth along with Howard Cosell and Frank Gifford He appeared in movies , including "  Blazing Saddles " and "  Victor Victoria " In April , Karras joined more than 3,000 other former players who are suing the NFL
CNN  -- This summer , Earls Court in London will be the venue for Olympic volleyball , but last night Samsung hired this vast space to launch a single product -- its new flagship phone , the Galaxy S III .  We really liked it incidentally , check out our hands-on preview here  . Hiring such a large space and filling it full of tech heads from all over the world was a sign of extreme confidence from the Korean electronics giant , and you only have to take a look at its last set of figures to see where the bravado is coming from . Net profit for the quarter was 5.05 tn won , up 81 % , and the main driver for this success was Samsung 's Galaxy range of phones . The Galaxy range has certainly been selling like hot cakes . This week , trend-watchers IDC put the company ahead of the competition in its latest state of the market analysis . What 's interesting to me is how different Samsung 's strategy is to its other major smartphone competitor , Apple . There is only one iPhone released every year , and design-wise , each one has been broadly the same as the previous model , with the same size screen . Read more : Samsung unveils Galaxy S III smartphone with face , voice recognition In contrast , Samsung has a bewildering number of different models that , viewed together , make almost no sense at all to the casual observer . This might seem like a recipe for confusion , but it also means that that Samsung has a phone to suit pretty much every potential customer . Want something pocketable that 's cheap ? There 's a Samsung Galaxy for that . Need lots of power , a massive screen and a stylus to draw pictures with ? Samsung Galaxy can help . And on it goes . Apple is fantastic at making a product that 's very aspirational , and it makes an enormous amount of money on every iPhone , but in terms of simply shifting a lot of phones and achieving huge scale , it 's Samsung that has the winning strategy . Both Apple and Samsung are so successful in fact , the battle for the top smartphone slot is starting to look like a two-horse race . But it wo n't necessarily always be this way . HTC was the darling of the mobile industry a while back until Samsung arrived to eat its lunch . The transformation in the company 's fortunes was rapid , and there 's every possibility that Samsung could see an equally rapid turnaround at some point in the future -- in mobiles , you 're only as good as your last hit product . There 's also a chance that Samsung 's scale could turn out to be a weakness as well as a strength . In some respects , Samsung reminds me of Sony in the years before it all went wrong . There are lots of divisions that do n't appear to communicate with each other very well , making a vast number of different products , most of which are decent , but not outstanding . Read more : New Samsung ` not for everyone ' There 's a desire to be the number one player in every category Samsung is in , which is laudable , but probably unachievable . Does Samsung really need to be the number one maker of cameras in the world ? Or MP3 players ? Probably not . I ca n't help but wonder whether its smartphone profits are covering up some deeper organizational problems . Then again , it seems to be working for now , so it may all turn out fine . If a company was to snatch the smartphone crown from Samsung , which would it be ? One answer might be Nokia , which may seem like a crazy thing to say following its latest set of disastrous financial results . But there is still a chance that it might not be game over . Nokia 's flagship mobile running Microsoft 's Windows Phone , the Lumia 900 , has recently appeared in America to decent critical acclaim . In the U.S. , Android does n't have quite the same grip on the market that it does in the UK in particular , so there 's an outside chance Nokia could sell enough handsets to convince developers deal with the platform 's biggest problem -- a lack of apps . If that happens , the launch of Windows Phone 8 could open the whole field up again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Jenkins .	Jenkins : Samsung 's strategy different to its main rival , Apple The South Korean company has a phone to suit pretty much every potential customer But Samsung 's scale could turn out to be a weakness as well as a strength , says Jenkins "  In some respects , Samsung reminds me of Sony in the years before it all went wrong "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British soldier Phil Packer was told a year ago that he would never walk again , but on Saturday he finished the London Marathon . Londoners applaud Maj. Phil Packer , who was told he 'd never walk again . He completed the race 13 days after it started , walking on crutches for two miles a day -- the most his doctor would allow -- in order to raise money for charity . Flanked by cheering soldiers and supporters , an obviously emotional Packer had defied medical opinion after his lower spine was badly injured in the aftermath of a rocket attack on his base in Basra , Iraq , in February 2008 . The attack sent a vehicle rolling down a sand bank , striking Packer "  head on " and dragging him under it . The 36-year-old was left with no feeling or motor control in his legs , and no bladder or bowel control . Watch more on soldier 's battle " Packer was in hospital for more than four months and it was then he decided to complete three challenges to help raise # 1 million  $ 1.5 million  for Help for Heroes , a British charity supporting wounded veterans . In February he rowed the English Channel , and next month he plans to climb El Capitan -- one of America 's iconic mountaineering sites -- a 3,000-foot vertical rock formation in California . Packer , who was met at the marathon finish line by British Olympian Steve Redgrave , said that he was # 370,000  $ 558,000  short of his goal but he was hoping for more donations . Dressed in a white charity T-shirt and desert fatigues , he was emotional . "  It 's looking after our injured servicemen , " he said . "  There 's a lot of people that ca n't do this , so this is for them . " Earlier this week he told CNN that he "  wanted to be able to move on in life . " "  I wanted to do something for other personnel who had been wounded . "  I do n't want to be helped . I want to help other people . Not that I 'm not grateful , but ... you know ... I really want to be able to help people . " He attributed being back on his feet to "  fantastic medical support " from Britain 's Ministry of Defense and National Health Service . "  So many improvements are being made " in medicine , he said . "  It 's an evolving process . " Watch more on Phil Packer " However , he did not know whether he would be able to walk without crutches . "  I got ta see how it goes . Take every improvement as it comes . " Packer is far from alone ; the six-year war in Iraq has disabled thousands of people . Britain 's Ministry of Defense did not respond to a CNN question about how many service members had been permanently disabled in the war . In the United States , the Congressional Research Service reported in March that 31,131 troops had been wounded in Iraq . That figure is for battlefield injuries ; many more veterans were later diagnosed with some sort of traumatic brain injury , but it is difficult to determine an exact number because of how the data is kept . It 's not clear how many of the injuries are permanent because the Department of Veterans ' Affairs does not classify some disabilities that way until 10 years after the injury , said Ryan Gallucci of AmVets , a veterans ' service organization . Statistics for Iraqis are even harder to come by . Estimates of the number of wounded range from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands . Iraq 's Ministry of Heath says one in four wounded Iraqis have lost at least one limb . Britain 's Prince Charles is among those who have expressed support for Packer . "  You are , if I may say so , a credit to the Royal Military Police and to the British Army as a whole , " the heir to the British throne wrote in a letter posted on Packer 's Web site , http://www.philpacker.com/ . Packer is still on active duty and intends to remain so . "  I 've still got a career in the armed forces . I 'm going to go back to it . " He has 16 years of service under his belt , including time as an enlisted man before he went to officer training school and is , he noted with a rueful laugh , 20 years from retirement . He 's been asked to be an ambassador for Prince Charles ' charity , the Prince 's Trust , which focuses on helping young people , in addition to his life in what he calls "  the disability community . " After his two-week effort , Packer was asked whether he would be relaxing in a warm bath . No , he said , "  I 'm going to have a drink . " And with that , the army major lifted a shot glass and toasted his supporters . CNN 's Richard Greene contributed to this report .	Phil Packer , 36 , was wounded in the aftermath of a rocket attack in Iraq He walked on crutches for two miles a day to finish the London Marathon He finished the marathon Saturday , 13 days after everyone else
CNN  As Japan mourns following the apparent beheading of its journalist by ISIS , thousands of miles away , an anxious Jordan awaits the fate of its pilot . Japanese journalist Kenji Goto went to Syria to tell the stories of lives torn apart by war . He apparently became the latest foreigner killed by ISIS after a video distributed Saturday appears to show his beheaded body . A week earlier , another video had shown Goto holding a photo of what appeared to be the corpse of his fellow Japanese captive , Haruna Yukawa , apparently beheaded by ISIS militants as well . Jordan and Japan got caught in the militants ' bloody crosshairs last month , when ISIS threatened to kill the two Japanese hostages unless Japan 's government paid a ransom of $ 200 million . Japan balked . The militants revised their offer : Jordan should release female suicide bomber Sajida al-Rishawi . Jordan countered with an offer demanding the release of Muath al-Kassasbeh , a Jordanian military pilot captured in Syria , in exchange for the suicide bomber . The militants have not said if that 's a consideration . ISIS said it would kill him if Jordan did n't release al-Rishawi , a convicted terrorist . Despite the counteroffers , the pilot 's fate remains unclear , and Jordan says repeated demands for the militants to prove the pilot is still alive have not yielded any results . ISIS militants seized al-Kassasbeh was after his jet crashed in Syria in December . The 27-year-old holds the rank of lieutenant . Militants say they captured him after he ejected from his crashing F-16 during U.S.-led coalition airstrikes near ISIS ' de facto capital , Raqqa . Jordan 's role in the coalition is not popular in the nation , adding to the pressure for authorities to secure his release . World leaders condemned ISIS over the weekend as news of the latest apparent beheading spread . "  We are deeply saddened by this despicable and horrendous act of terrorism , and we denounce it in the strongest terms , " Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said . "  To the terrorists , we will never , never forgive them for this act . " President Barack Obama described it as a "  barbaric act " and said the United States stands in solidarity with Japan . Unlike the United States , Britain and other allies , Japan is not involved in the military campaign against ISIS . But Japan has been providing humanitarian aid in the Middle East as ISIS continues its bloody quest to solidify an Islamic state across parts of Iraq and Syria . And Japan said its efforts to provide humanitarian aid wo n't stop . "  We would like to expand our support for refugees , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said . "  We are surely going to have necessary support in terms of not yielding to terrorism . " Goto , 47 , left Japan last fall , when his younger daughter was 3 weeks old . His wife , Rinko , first heard from his captors on December 2 . On January 20 , an ISIS video posted to social media showed Goto and Yukawa dressed in orange , kneeling in front of a masked man dressed in black . In that video , the ISIS militant issued a $ 200 million ransom demand to Japan in order to free the two men within 72 hours . That 's the same amount of money Abe recently pledged for those "  contending " with ISIS . Days later , a new message surfaced featuring what appeared to be the corpse of Yukawa . And Goto would also be killed , the new message claimed , unless Jordan freed al-Rishawi . The militants carried out their threat Saturday . Days after the video was released , an outraged Japan is mourning the two men whose deaths will plunge it deeper into the global fight against ISIS . The pilot 's fate , on the other hand , remains unclear . He was not mentioned in the latest video showing Goto 's apparent beheading . Jordan will continue trying to secure his release , government spokesman Mohammed Al-Momani told the Petra news agency . Until then , the wait continues . Two nations , forever linked by the fate of their sons . CNN 's Holly Yan and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Jordan says it is still trying to free a pilot held captive by ISIS Repeated demands for ISIS to prove the pilot is still alive have not yielded any results
CNN  -- Roberto Mancini and Andre Villas-Boas have had sharply contrasting fortunes this season , but both managers celebrated vital victories in the English Premier League on Saturday . Mancini 's Manchester City moved five points clear at the top of the table with a 3-0 victory over struggling Blackburn , putting the pressure on second-placed champions Manchester United to match that result at Norwich on Sunday . Villas-Boas ' short reign at Chelsea has come under increasing scrutiny after the worst run of results since billionaire Roman Abramovich bought the club in 2004 , but a similar three-goal win at another relegation-threatened team , Bolton , moved his side back into the top four . City suffered a relative lull in form in January with key players injured , suspended and away on international duty , but this month has brought three league wins and a two-leg double over Europa League champions Porto of Portugal to reach the last 16 of the continent 's second-tier competition . Mario Balotelli , back from a four-match domestic ban , opened the scoring at home to Blackburn after half an hour with a delightful near-post finish from fullback Aleksandar Kolarov 's left-wing cross . The eccentric Italy striker celebrated his 10th league goal this season by displaying his latest undershirt -- his previous one asked "  Why always me ? " but this one spoke of his love for girlfriend Rafaella . Strike partner Sergio Aguero doubled the lead seven minutes after halftime with his 16th league score , pouncing after Blackburn keeper Paul Robinson failed to deal with a corner from David Silva , who was also involved in the first goal . With Edin Dzeko coming off the bench to head home his 13th in the EPL from Kolarov 's 80th-minute cross , it means Carlos Tevez may have to wait to make a meaningful contribution to City 's bid for a first league title since 1968 . The former City captain ended his three-month exile last week and apologized for his absence without leave , but is lacking match fitness . Chelsea 's form this month has left Villas-Boas having to deal with a reported player revolt and constant questions about his future . However , the Blues bounced back from the Champions League defeat at Napoli on Tuesday to earn a first victory in six games in all competitions . Center-back David Luiz struggled again in his usual defensive duties in Italy , but showed his undoubted attacking flair as he opened the scoring against Bolton just after halftime with a curling effort . Striker Didier Drogba doubled the lead after the hour and midfielder Frank Lampard celebrated his return to the starting line-up with the third with 11 minutes left . Lampard , whose European omission along with other key players prompted Abramovich to interrogate Villas-Boas about his tactics , made the veteran England international the first player to reach double figures in the Premier League nine seasons in a row . It was also his 150th in the EPL . The win put Chelsea above Arsenal into the fourth Champions League qualification place , putting even more pressure on the struggling Gunners ahead of Sunday 's north London derby at home to third-placed Tottenham . "  The most important thing about this weekend is going to be Arsenal-Tottenham tomorrow and to see in which way you benefit from it , " Villas-Boas said . "  You can either benefit from it with Tottenham coming closer to us or we finish in fifth again and ` drama ' all week ! " Newcastle could have moved above Arsenal but blew a two-goal lead against lowly Wolverhampton Wanderers , who earned a vital point in caretaker manager Terry Connor 's first match in charge . Connor has replaced the sacked Mick McCarthy until the end of this season , becoming the only black manager in charge of an EPL side this season . New signing Papisse Cisse scored his second goal for Newcastle and Jonas Gutierrez made it 2-0 inside 20 minutes . But winger Matt Jarvis pulled one back five minutes after the break and striker Kevin Doyle 's 66th-minute leveler moved Wolves a point above the relegation zone . Newcastle joined Arsenal on 43 points -- 20 behind Manchester City . West Brom moved up to 12th after thrashing ninth-placed Sunderland 4-0 , while Wigan stayed bottom after a 0-0 draw at home to Aston Villa -- whose striker Darren Bent will miss England 's friendly against the Netherlands next week after injuring his ankle . Queens Park Rangers were above the bottom three on goal difference only following the 1-0 defeat by west London rivals Fulham , who moved up to 11th after January arrival Pavel Pogrebnyak scored his second goal for the club . QPR debutant Samba Diakite was then marched for his second yellow card , becoming the team 's third first-half sending-off in four home matches .	Manchester City extend English Premier League lead to five points on Saturday City 's 3-0 win over Blackburn puts pressure on Manchester United to beat Norwich on Sunday Chelsea return to the top four with 3-0 win over Bolton that ends poor run of results Newcastle join fifth-placed Arsenal on 43 points after being held 2-2 by Wolverhampton
CNN  -- Word on the cobblestone street is Istria is the "  new Tuscany . " I disagree . The landscape of this northern part of Croatia is less cultivated . It 's less wealthy . And , last I checked , the Renaissance did n't happen here . Plus , "  Istria " is still a little-known proper noun and "  Tuscany " has moved into adjective territory . Show me an American suburb and I 'll show you a "  Tuscan " kitchen , if not an entire foreclosed development named "  Tuscan Hills . " Earlier this year when Olive Garden -- the strip mall home of endless breadsticks -- wanted to make itself more appealing , it announced it was making over its restaurants in the style of Tuscan farmhouses . Now , I do n't know if they serve shark in Tuscany , but the region has certainly jumped it . That 's not going to happen to Istria anytime soon . No , it will continue to hide in plain sight . Right in the middle of Europe . A small peninsula the shape of a crudely drawn heart tucked behind the boot of Italy . Capped by the Alps , bottom dangling in the cartoon blue of the Adriatic sea . Eventually the tour buses and cookbook authors will arrive en masse , but for now the region is so sparsely populated that sometimes with its raw grandeur and new highways it can feel like an imaginary world in a video game where you build your own civilization . Turns out civilization has existed in Istria since at least the Bronze Age , when people lived in "  gradines , " fortified castles built on the tops of hills . Houses and walls from that time are still visible as are the many structures left behind by all those who have ruled this region : The Illyrians , the Romans , the Venetians , the Austro-Hungarians . You name them , and they probably killed people and built churches here . The Italians controlled the area until 1947 when it was ceded to then-Yugoslavia after the World War II . Now it is part of Croatia . For the modern invader , Istria comes in two flavors : coastal paradise and rustic hilltop hamlet . Because the region is only about 50 miles wide and 60 miles north to south you can have both in the same day . The coast is necklaced with tourist towns and fishing villages . From glamorous Opatija , a 19th century playground for Austro-Hungarian nobility , to Pula , a gritty port town with an ace up its sleeve : a stunning Roman amphitheater built between 27 B.C. and 68 A.D.  Once used for gladiator fights , the arena is still used for , depending on your point of view , less menacing entertainment from the likes of Norah Jones and Sting . But the most beautiful coastal town in Istria , and possibly all of Croatia , is Rovinj . A perennial contender for the best-place-to-watch-a-sunset , Rovinj is a stunner of pastel homes , polished stones and blue water . The town flag could very well be one of the bathing suits or dish towels that charmingly flap along the laundry lines strung throughout this picturesque but lived-in little peninsula off a peninsula . Rovinj feels very Italian  it has been described as "  a bit of Venice spilled on a hill "  right down to the fashionably dressed women accompanied by tidy men in leather loafers and colorful sweaters hugging their necks . The town 's narrow alleyways and courtyards house several great restaurants and numerous places to have a drink while the sun disappears . Day and night it 's the ideal venue to run the Croatian triathlon : swim , eat and lounge at a cafe . But that 's not my favorite part of Istria . And it 's not the part that people are thinking of when they label this area the "  new Tuscany . " They are referring to the heart of the heart-shaped peninsula . The verdant interior filled with surprises like mistletoe brandy , hilltop hamlets and Hum , the smallest town in the world . Although the air is perfumed by the nearby sea , inland Istria is a world away from the coast 's busy beaches and ice cream stands . Take any exit off the highway and you 'll find one tiny village after another , each with its own shambolic charm and unique architectural legacy . Ever since the Romans ripped out cypresses and replaced them with olive groves , this area has been renowned for its cuisine . Pliny the Elder called Istrian olive oil the second best in the world  after Italian olive oil , of course  and contemporary foodies geek out over the area 's distinguished grape varietals and artisanal hams and cheeses . Istria 's forests are filled with game , but the most hunted creature in the region is the truffle -- a noble fungus immune to cultivation that fetches up to $ 2,000 a pound . They come in black and white  the latter is more prized  and they come on top of steak , shaved on pasta , drowned in olive oil and blended with rice . A well-prepared local lunch here rivals any meal in Europe . Recently I was enjoying one of those meals in the mesmerizing town of Groznjan , a medieval hamlet on a hill that 's home to 30 galleries and a summer jazz school that bestows an intermittent bebop soundtrack to the ancient landscape . As I sat in the shaded stone courtyard taking in the soft breeze and lazily scraping up the last bits of lunch from my plate , it occurred to me that this must have been what Tuscany was like before the Hollywood movies , the cookbooks and the hordes of tourists : Tuscany when it was still under-the-radar and affordable . Before the Olive Garden had ever laid eyes on it . "  No , Istria is not the new Tuscany , " I thought . "  It 's the old Tuscany . "	Croatia 's Istrian peninsula inspires comparisons with Italy 's Tuscany region While there are similarities , this pocket of Croatia has n't suffered a tourism crush Its villages are less cultivated , less wealthy and delightfully unspoiled
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his South Korean and Japanese counterparts warned North Korea against any "  provocative " moves Sunday ahead of a possible new nuclear bomb test by Pyongyang . Opinion : For South Koreans , a familiar tone from Pyongyang In a round of calls Sunday , Kerry , Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and South Korea 's Kim Sung-hwan all agreed the North must understand "  that it will face significant consequences from the international community if it continues its provocative behavior , " according to a summary of the calls from the U.S. State Department . Earlier Sunday , North Korea announced that its leader , Kim Jong Un , "  has made an important decision " that would strengthen the country . The brief statement on the state-run news agency KCNA provided no details , but it said the decision was made at a meeting of the reclusive Stalinist state 's Party Central Military Committee . Across the Demilitarized Zone , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak called on his government to be prepared for a possible test . Lee paid a visit to the underground bunker that serves as the South 's crisis management center , his press office reported . South Koreans cast wary eyes to the North North Korea has conducted two previous nuclear tests , in 2006 and 2009 , and proclaimed itself a "  nuclear state " in 2012 . U.S. officials told CNN last week that the North appeared to be ready test another nuclear device "  at any time . " U.S. analysts believe the 2006 test had a yield of about 1 kiloton -- comparable to the explosive power of about 1,000 tons of TNT -- while the second was roughly 2 kilotons , National Intelligence Director James Clapper told a Senate committee in 2012 . By comparison , the bomb the United States dropped on Hiroshima in 1945 was roughly 15 kilotons . Where North Korea stands in its pursuit of a nuclear missile The U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on Pyongyang in January , after the North launched a satellite aboard a long-range rocket in December . The North Koreans responded by announcing they planned another nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches as part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States .	U.S. , South Korea and Japan warn of "  significant consequences " after a bomb test U.S. officials say a new North Korean nuclear test could come at any time South Korea 's president tells his government to be prepared
CNN  -- It 's tempting to dismiss Michelle Obama 's wardrobe as a topic so frivolous that it shifts the public gaze from its rightful focus on the first lady 's efforts to reduce childhood obesity or put healthy eating on the national agenda . But if there 's one thing we can learn from her panache for mixing patterns or flair for pairing Talbot dresses and designer shades , it 's that fashion does n't have to be frivolous . "  She 's someone who has proven that you can care about looking great , and take risks in that regard , and also be an incredibly well-spoken , intelligent person who takes action and gets behind issues , " said Leah Chernikoff , managing editor of style blog Fashionista.com . As she stands on the brink of another four years as first lady , her leadership and values should get more attention than the ease with which she transitions from slacks and cardigans to cutting-edge designer gowns . But to minimize the influence of her sartorial choices deprives the rest of us of an opportunity to learn from them , fashion consultants say . Read more : Obamas dine out for first lady 's birthday In an image-conscious society , Michelle Obama embodies the importance of honing a signature style and remaining true to it , said Mikki Taylor , editor-at-large of Essence Magazine and author of "  Commander-in-Chic : Every Woman 's Guide to Managing Her Style Like a First Lady . " Developing a personal style that fits our lives and our bodies frees us from worrying about what to wear and lets us focus on what really matters . "  She teaches us that to be a commander-in-chic of your life you do n't have to spend a lot of money . It 's not about becoming someone else ; it 's about becoming your best self . " As a style icon , she has the ability to inspire the public in an accessible way that one-wear red carpet fashion does n't come close to approximating . "  When you look at red carpet you 're stargazing , but when you 're looking at Mrs. Obama you 're taking notes , " Taylor said . "  We do n't have time to stress getting dressed any more than the first lady does so I think it 's really important to have wardrobe that you can count on that works for you . " Her outfits emphasize fashion and function , reflecting her broader platform of healthy and active living , said decorative arts historian Carmela Spinelli , chair of the Savannah College of Art and Design 's fashion department . When she bares her arms for a gym class with schoolchildren , she makes headlines on the politics page and the style section , inspiring Americans to hit the floor for push-ups and reconsider sheaths under cardigans . "  It 's not just great for the fashion industry , but also great for helping us get out and move by showing that the body is just as important as the moment in fashion , " Spinelli said . Her support for emerging designers of diverse backgrounds and influences has bolstered the fashion industry 's bottom line while reflecting the country 's diverse cultural landscape , Spinelli said . Opinion : Obama 2.0 : Smarter , tougher -- but wiser ? "  When I think about Michelle Obama and how she has embraced young designers and how she is very comfortable with color and texture , it 's a brilliant metaphor for the diversity of 21st century America , " she said . What Michelle Obama wears also matters because it 's history , said Nicole Phelps , executive editor of Style.com . "  Fifty years from now , or 100 years from now , people will understand this era through pictures of her , the same way that Jackie Kennedy 's pillbox hats represent the 1960s for us now , " she said . As rarefied as her address at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is , Michelle Obama 's basic look is not difficult to obtain , say fashion insiders . They offered some tips to cultivate a signature style not unlike the first lady 's . Develop a personal style that accentuates the positive Owning your personal style makes shopping easier because you can do so without feeling beholden to trends . Sticking to what flatters you also helps you dress with confidence each morning without feeling the need to seek approval from others . "  Every woman in America knows that FLOTUS has great arms ; that 's because she knows it and she shows them off in sleeveless dresses , " said Phelps of Style.com . Read more : Obama , Roberts get another chance on oath Michelle Obama is tall and statuesque but she 's not the typical model size . Yet she looks great in whatever she wears because she has figured out what works for her body and lifestyle and stays true to her personal style , said celebrity stylist Phillip Bloch . "  She takes chances and tries different things , but she always stays true to herself in trying a new designer or a new color , " he said . Be fabulous and frugal by mixing high and low fashion Even if you ca n't afford designer clothes , Obama 's fast-fashion skirts , sheaths and dresses accessorized with a belt or cardigan show how you do n't have to spend lots of money to look good . It also goes back to staying true to a style that fits her body and lifestyle , whether she 's stepping out of Air Force One in a Target dress or making a grand entrance in a floor-length gown at a White House state dinner . "  She looks equally well-dressed whether she 's in Target or a Talbot sheath or Michael Kors , " said Taylor . "  I do n't know any other first lady you could see on TV one day and buy  what she wore  in a store the next . " Part of what makes Michelle Obama so relatable is that she wears designer clothes but mixes them with pieces from J. Crew and other mall outlets , often in the same outfit , said Chernikoff of Fashionista.com . "  That 's an easy takeaway for all of us -- buy the Calvin Klein skirt and wear it with a Gap sweater , " she said . Build a timeless wardrobe of signature pieces so you can shop your closet The first lady is known for working the same dress , skirt or cardigan on multiple occasions by mixing and matching pieces , Taylor said . She achieves this by building a bankable wardrobe of flared pants , pencil skirts and cardigans that work for her in a pinch , freeing her from the need to follow trends . Read more : From Sinatra to Aretha , the role of music in the inauguration "  Being comfortable in your own skin is not about following trends but setting them , " Taylor said . "  A woman who knows how to dress well shows wisdom and restraint and does n't give into the fashion insecurity of thinking you need a new dress for each season . " True , much of Michelle Obama 's wardrobe consists of expensive , quality designer clothing . But spending more on items made to last can cost less over time and reinforce the idea of developing a sense of style and staying true to it , said Spinelli of Savannah College of Art and Design . "  The idea of disposable fashion is costing us more than we know , so it 's not a bad thing to teach people to buy something good and keep it for a while instead of throwing it out . " Do n't be afraid of colors and prints Obama has embraced mixed patterns , textures and vivid colors , but her confident fashion sense allows her to mix it up with authority . By wearing watercolor sheaths under embellished cardigans to talk to schoolchildren about healthy eating , or textured floral dresses to meet heads of state , she shows that it 's not frivolous to express yourself through fashion while doing the serious work of the first lady of the United States "  She shows us that you can have fun getting dressed up and still be taken seriously and move issues forward , " Chernikoff said . Are you anxious to see what the first lady wears to the inauguration events this weekend ? Share your take on her style choices in the comments section below . Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	Michelle Obama embodies the importance of staying true to a style that fits your life and body "  She shows that you can have fun getting dressed up and still be taken seriously , " editor says Like the first lady , anyone can repeat outfits by mixing and matching or accessorizing Her support of designers from diverse backgrounds reflects America 's cultural mixture
CNN  -- It 's a snapshot meant to shock : a bloodied woman hunched over with this caption underneath , "  My mother knew I 'd never hurt her , then she got in the way . " Graphic ads about the dangers of meth addiction are trying to tackle what 's a top drug problem in small towns . The Meth Project has made a name for itself with graphic , disturbing print and broadcast ads meant to wake up kids to the dangers of methamphetamine addiction . Another ad shows a filthy urinal with the caption , "  No one thinks they 'll lose their virginity here . Meth will change that . " The nonprofit organization said it 's baring the ugly truth about what the Drug Enforcement Administration calls the most dangerous drug problem of small-town America . Now the Meth Project is targeting a new audience : the growing population of Spanish-speaking teens in the Western United States . It 's releasing television commercials in Spanish in Arizona and radio ads throughout the West featuring young Latino addicts sharing real-life meth nightmares . Nothing is lost in translation . In Idaho , one of the Spanish radio voices belongs to recovering addict Aucensio Flores . In his ad , Flores said he first tried meth at 15 and headed on a downward spiral , adding : "  I think it affected my brain . I have bad thoughts and I only want to do bad things , such as hurt people . I think I am going crazy . " Flores said meth deadened his conscience , emboldened him and kept him up all night with an edgy high . Meth made it easier , he said , to become sucked into a world of crime and gangs . Flores remembers beating up and robbing people just walking down the street and taking part in drive-by shootings , including one in which "  I shot 17 shots into the house and then I walked around the block and back into the car and just left . " Meth made him feel "  big and bad , " said Flores , who never imagined being locked up . He 's serving time at the Nampa Juvenile Correction Center in Idaho for grand theft , possession of a weapon by a minor , and drug possession . Flores ' drug rehabilitation counselor , Colleen Foster , said that up to 40 percent of juveniles in the Nampa facility have a history of meth addiction . She said meth takes over their lives . "  It starts to destroy their value system . It eats away at every aspect of their life : family , responsibility to community , responsibility to education , responsibility to themselves even , " Foster said . "  It just eats away at all that until they have no value system left , that the only thing they 're doing is seeking for that high . " Foster supports the Meth Project 's Spanish ad campaign because , she said , denial of the problem extends to teenagers and parents in all populations -- including Latinos . She said she thinks outreach needs to be better tailored for the growing Latino community in Idaho . Foster also counsels Yair Perez , a recovering meth addict who served time for robbery and was released recently from the juvenile detention center . "  When I was coming down from meth , I would feel bad . You know , I threw up and I could n't eat . Even if I was hungry , I could n't eat , " Perez said . "  You know , I would just stay in my room and not talk to anyone , because they would make me mad when they talked to me . " While on meth , Perez said , he also developed frightening ulcerlike sores on his body and suffered from an erratic heartbeat . Still , he said , his cravings for the drug persist and he knows staying clean wo n't be easy . He 's gotten a job at a fast-food restaurant , is reconnecting with his family and has recorded a Spanish radio ad for the Meth Project . Perez said he hopes to reach young Latinos who are n't getting the message about meth in English . "  They might understand a little bit of it or half of it , " he said . "  But if they hear it ... in their own language ... the way they were born and they were raised , you know , speaking Spanish , then maybe they will pay a little more attention to it and maybe think about it , instead of doing it . " Idaho Meth Project volunteer Miguel Mouw agrees , saying that "  in the Hispanic community , there 's just a lack of education , a lack of treatment and resources , there 's a lack of support , because there are some communication gaps . " Mouw , also a recovering meth addict , speaks in classrooms throughout Idaho and at community events . He said he thinks the graphic nature of the ads is needed to drive home the dangers of meth . "  I 've seen people lose everything , you know , from their toes to the top of the head , either through death or maybe it 's the sores or the scabs -LSB- affecting -RSB- the teeth or the eyes , " he said . "  The list is endless . It really is . " Drug officials say meth -- also known as chalk , crank , crystal , glass , ice or speed -- has been a major threat in rural America because it is cheap and easy to make . Traffickers mix drugs bought over the counter with common ingredients , according to the DEA . Twelve - to 14-year-olds who live in small towns are more than twice as likely to use meth than those who live in larger cities , the agency said . The Meth Project began in 2005 in what was then the heartland of meth : Montana . Government leaders there credit the effort with large declines in meth use , including a 45 percent drop in teen use since its ads first appeared . The ad campaign has since spread to a half-dozen other states , including Arizona , Colorado , Hawaii , Idaho , Illinois and Wyoming . Program organizers said they research and tailor their campaigns for each new state . But not everyone is convinced of the program 's effectiveness . David Erceg-Hurn , a researcher and critic of the Meth Project , said : "  There is the potential for boomerang effects with these ads . Some teenagers react negatively to graphic advertising . These people do n't like ` being told how to behave ' by the ads and may rebel against them . " The Meth Project is funded through private donations and receives millions of dollars in federal and state grants . Erceg-Hurn said he thinks those dollars could be put to better use . As for the Spanish ad campaign , he said : "  I prefer the radio ads to the print and television ads . They 're not so over the top . I like that the radio ads feature real former users rather than actors . This makes them seem more realistic . A problem is still that they do n't provide any information about how to quit or avoid using meth . Teenagers need practical skills and information . " The Spanish ad campaign in Idaho is too new for analysis of widespread impact . Organizers said they hope for more reactions such as that of high school student Cindy Rodriguez . Rodriguez , who moved to Idaho from Guatemala , said she and her parents have been listening to the radio ads together . "  My parents , we did n't see a lot of drugs during my time in Guatemala . So we did n't know what the drugs are and what they do , " she said . "  So what my parents would do , like when they would listen to the radio , they were like , ` Oh , you should listen to this , because this is what I want you to learn . ' " Rodriguez said she was prepared when peers offered her meth . "  They were like , ` Oh , you should do this , so that way you could be a little bit cooler or you 're with us . You need to do this . ' I 'm like , no ... you know , cause I 'd heard about it . "	Meth Project has disturbing ads to wake up kids to the dangers of meth Spanish ads in the West feature young Latinos sharing meth nightmares Meth called a major threat in rural America because it is cheap and easy to make
London  CNN  -- With its palaces , sculpted parks , concert halls and museums , Vienna is a city steeped in culture . Once home to composers including Beethoven , Mozart , and Johann Strauss , and to artists Gustav Klimt , Oskar Kokoschka and Egon Schiele , as well as the father of psychoanalysis , Sigmund Freud , Vienna has been at the forefront of major cultural movements for centuries . But that does n't mean it 's stuck in the past ; Vienna has a youthful side , too , and is visited yearly by backpackers as much as mainline culture aficionados -- something Richard Linklater celebrated in his 1995 film "  Before Sunrise , " which charted two strangers falling in love in the course of one day , with Vienna as the romantic backdrop . Whether you visit in the winter for Christmas markets glittering under snowflakes , or in the spring when the flowers in the city 's many parks are in bloom , the city is sure to charm . CNN World 's Treasures selects some of the best spots to experience "  Old World " Vienna , from galleries and parks to historic landmarks . SEE 2012 marks the 150th anniversary of the birth of Austrian painter Gustav Klimt , one of the founding members of the Vienna Secession , an avant-garde artistic group at the turn of the century . Indeed , one of the city 's architectural masterpieces , the art nouveau Secession building , was commissioned by the group at as a haven for the latest in contemporary art . The Museum features Klimt 's Beethoven mural , but to see his famed golden-hued painting "  The Kiss , " head to the Belvedere Museum , housed in a magnificent palace built in the 1700s . It boasts a comprehensive collection of Klimt paintings , alongside works by Kokoschka , Schiele , Vincent van Gogh and Auguste Rodin among others . Vienna 's turn-of-the-century painters owed much to the new theories about the mind coming from Sigmund Freud , and no trip to Vienna would be complete without visiting the Sigmund Freud Museum , where the founder of psychoanalysis lived until he was forced to flee in 1938 . Take in a lecture or simply wander around the original waiting room and imagine you are about to be examined by the great man himself . For those looking to feast their eyes on earlier examples of the city 's opulent past , look no further than the Schatzkammer , the imperial treasury and home to the Hapsburg Crown Jewels , which is located in the vast Hofburg Palace , seat of the ruling Hapsburg dynasty . HEAR For lovers of classical music , Vienna is a must-visit , as it was in the eighteenth century , when it attracted the young Mozart . You can visit the apartment Mozart lived in when he composed "  The Marriage of Figaro " among other great works , which has been turned into a museum and boasts temporary exhibitions , in addition to the permanent collection of objects in the house itself . You can even hear his music wafting through the rooms as you wander around . For concerts , head to the Musikverein for performances by the Wiener Philharmoniker and smaller chamber concerts . Or for operas , book a seat at the grand Staatsoper , or the Theater-an-der-Wien , where works by Beethoven and Strauss originally premiered . STROLL Vienna has a wealth of open spaces and parks , from the sculpted alpine gardens at the Belvedere Castle to the more laid-back , youthful feel of Danube Island . Rathauspark boasts an ice-skating rink in winter and an open-air cinema in summer . Alternatively , take a walk around the Baroque gardens at the Schonbrunn Palace . A well-worn tourist activity is to ride the Ferris wheel at the Prater Amusement Park , which features in the Graham Greene-penned noir film "  The Third Man . " STAY Places to stay in Vienna are plentiful and cater to all budgets . The Hotel Altstadt is located in the arty Spittelberg district , just behind the MuseumsQuartier and features an impressive contemporary art and design collection ; Das Tyrol , a cozy former monastery with a small spa , features art works by young Viennese artists ; the Konig von Ungarn has the benefit of being in the same complex of 300-year-old buildings as Mozart 's one-time living quarters ; and the Hilton Vienna Danube has views over the river . EAT Viennese cuisine is not for those watching their waistlines ; mouth-watering pastries and cakes , breaded meats and beer and wine a-plenty make the city a feast for the taste-buds . Steirereck serves an impressive , if also not exactly slimming array of delicious Viennese dishes , while Demel serves coffee and cakes for an afternoon treat in-between sightseeing .	Vienna is a city steeped in culture ; CNN World 's Treasures selects the top cultural destinations for visitors Home to Mozart , Sigmund Freud and painter Gustav Klimt ; city is full of museums , galleries and concert halls Visit Secession and Belvedere Museums for art ; take in a world-class concert ; stroll around parks Enjoy the city 's rich and mouth-watering dishes , and treat yourself to a strudel or two
CNN  -- Officials sparred Sunday over a proposed plan to send observers into Syria as the nation 's president warned against military intervention . In an interview with the Sunday Times in the United Kingdom , President Bashar al-Assad warned that any potential military intervention against his country would lead to "  very dire " repercussions , and said that Syria "  will not bow down " despite international threats of economic sanctions over the government 's crackdown on protesters . He accused the Arab League , which recently suspended Syria 's membership , of helping pave the way for western intervention . "  If they are logical , rational and realistic , they should n't do it because the repercussions are very dire , " he said . "  Military intervention will destabilize the region as a whole , and all countries will be affected . " Meanwhile , Syria 's foreign minister said an Arab League plan to send observers into his country needed clarification before Syria would sign on . "  I would like to make the situation clear between us so that ... a proper decision is taken . The situation does not bear or require hastiness or reaction , " Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem told reporters , urging the Arab League to take more time to develop a plan that the organization 's foreign ministers approved last week . "  It requires a study that is rational , because clearly any analysis shows that some Arab parties want to use the Arab League as a tool to get to the  United Nations  Security Council . " Earlier Sunday , the Arab League said it had rejected changes Syria proposed to the plan . The league said in a statement that Syria 's request "  impinges on the core of the Arab peace plan " and would "  radically " alter the observers ' mission . On Wednesday , Arab League foreign ministers gave Damascus three days to implement a protocol to allow observers to enter the nation to verify whether the regime has taken measures to protect civilians . The league 's statement Sunday said it had no mandate to further negotiate its with Syrian officials . Arab League representatives will meet again Thursday in Cairo to discuss the situation in Syria , officials from the foreign ministries of Egypt and Jordan said . Egypt : 10 killed in Tahrir Square protests Syria 's foreign minister Sunday criticized the Arab League 's stance on Syria and repeated claims that "  armed groups " -- not government security forces -- were responsible for violence . "  The Arab League , they ignore the presence of armed groups , the terrorist armed groups who kill the people , and if they would recognize the presence of such groups they would not have conducted themselves in the way they are behaving , " he said . "  I would say , and I am confident of what I am saying , there will not be civil war however much they try to manufacture it , and our people are aware enough in order to get rid of such a division . " The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said "  huge masses " of Syrians rallied in the capital to reject the Arab League stance on their country . Activists said rocket-propelled grenades had hit the ruling Baath Party 's headquarters in Damascus . Moallem told reporters that report was "  completely untrue . " CNN was not able to confirm the reports independently because of the restrictions Damascus places on foreign journalists . The Syrian president faces increasing international pressure to step aside as his government continues an eight-month crackdown on the opposition . The United Nations has said more than 3,500 people have been killed in the violence . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists , said 12 people were killed on Sunday . Al-Assad disputed reports that thousands of civilians have been killed . His office placed the actual number at 619 . "  We , as a state , do not have a policy to be cruel with citizens , " he told the Times . "  The important thing is to look for the wrongdoers and hold them responsible for their actions . " Al-Assad told The Sunday Times that recent attacks on the Syrian army showed he was facing armed fighters , not peaceful demonstrators . "  The conflict will continue , and the pressure to subjugate Syria will continue , " he told the newspaper . "  Syria will not bow down . " Al-Assad vowed he would personally fight and die to resist foreign forces , according to the Times . When asked how he felt seeing images of children shot , al-Assad told the Times , "  Like any other Syrian , when I see my country 's sons bleeding , of course I feel pain and sorry . Each spilt drop of blood concerns me personally . But my role as president is in deeds , not words and sorrow . My role is to think about the steps I should take to prevent more bloodshed . " Protesters in Syria are demanding al-Assad 's ouster and democratic elections . Al-Assad has been in power since 2000 . His father , Hafez , ruled Syria for three decades . In his interview with the Times , al-Assad said he intends to hold elections early next year . "  We 're going to have a new parliament . After that , we 're going to have a new government . We 're going to have a new constitution . That constitution will set the basis of how to elect a president , " he said , adding he would step aside if he lost a presidential election . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Saad Abedine , Caroline Faraj and Yasmin Amer contributed to this report .	NEW : The Local Coordination Committees say 12 are killed in violence Officials say Arab League representatives will meet again to discuss Syria Thursday The Arab League rejects Syria 's proposed changes to a plan to send observers to Syria Syria 's foreign minister says clarifications are needed to the Arab League 's observer plan
CNN  -- The ear-splitting crack of 101 rounds of artillery will mark the final moment before late Cambodian King-Father Norodom Sihanouk is cremated Monday in a specially built crematorium outside the Royal Palace . Sihanouk 's son and successor King Norodom Sihamoni and Queen-Mother Norodom Monineath Sihanouk were set to light the funeral flame at 6 p.m local time  6 a.m. ET  , almost four months after the king 's death last October at the age of 90 . Obituary : Former Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk The somber event comes on the fourth day of an elaborate seven day Royal Funeral Ceremony , which started on Friday when the late king 's body was carried on a winding route through the capital Phonm Penh to the open square of Veal Preah Merhu . "  Everybody had on a pin , a brooch with a black and white ribbon and photograph of the king . People were holding photos of the king in their hands . A lot of people were crying , holding their hands in the worshiping position .  I was  very touched , very moved , " said Joyce Clark , vice president of programs at the Friends of Khmer Culture from Phonm Penh . CNN iReport : King Sihanouk 's Funeral Procession On Monday , throngs of people wearing white , the color of mourning in Cambodia , some with their heads shaved , continued to queue for their chance to file past the crematorium . Many were weeping and stopped to kneel , their palms pressed together and heads bowed in a sampeah , a sign of respect . Attendants ushered them on to make way for yet more mourners as the hours passed until the king 's cremation . Foreign leaders and dignitaries from 16 countries were expected to attend the Royal Cremation Ceremony , including the prime ministers of France , Vietnam and Thailand . Also present will be more than 400 prisoners who were pardoned as a gesture to mark the king 's passing . Sihanouk died while in Beijing on October 15 , 2012 of natural causes , according to Cambodia 's official AKP news agency . His body was flown home to the Royal Palace two days later where it had been lying in state before the weekend process . Sihanouk reigned over Cambodia for more than 60 years before he abdicated in 2004 due to poor health , according to the king 's official website . A panel elected Sihamoni as the new king . Cambodia 's National Assembly then decided to give Sihanouk the title of King Father , allowing him the same privileges he has as the reigning monarch , according to his website . Sihanouk saw Cambodia go from French rule to independence , then to the brutal Khmer Rouge regime and the guerrilla war that followed its toppling . He then watched his country develop into the constitutional monarchy it is today . He came from a royal lineage , but it was France that placed Sihanouk on the throne in 1941 , according to the foreign ministry of Australia , which has played a key role in Cambodia 's transition toward peace . The king dissolved the nation 's parliament in 1953 , which helped bring about Cambodia 's independence . Two years later , he abdicated the throne to his father but remained active as Cambodia 's prime minister . In 1960 , he became the South Asian nation 's head of state following his father 's death . In the 1960s , amid a region simmering with conflicts such as the Vietnam War , Cambodia soon became home to a number of North Vietnamese training camps . That prompted U.S. air strikes on those camps in 1969 . CNN iReport : The King Father Returns to Cambodia The following year , U.S.-backed Gen. Lon Nol declared a coup d'etat while the king was on an official visit to the Soviet Union and abolished the monarchy . Sihanouk aligned with the Khmer Rouge , a growing ultra-Maoist group which sought to transform Cambodia into an agrarian utopia . The king , forced into exile in China , led the resistance movement , while the Khmer Rouge gradually gained strength . When the group , led by Pol Pot , won control of Cambodia in 1975 , Sihanouk returned as head of state . But by the following year , he was placed under house arrest . From 1975 to 1979 , the Khmer Rouge led a bloody period of mass killings , public executions and torture centers . While no one knows for certain how many people were killed by the regime , experts estimate 1.7 million fatalities -- or at least a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- died from executions , diseases , starvation and overwork Sihanouk himself lost five children and 14 grandchildren at the hands of the Khmer Rouge . He was confined to the royal palace until Pol Pot was overthrown three years later . He was away from Cambodia from 1979 to 1991 . The king subsequently became president of the new republic , but it was n't until 1993 -- when Cambodia held its first parliamentary elections -- that the king 's powers were restored and Cambodia became a constitutional monarchy . Elizabeth Becker , the author of "  When the War Was Over : Cambodia and the Khmer Rouge Revolution , " told CNN after the king abdicated in 2004 that Sihanouk was "  larger than life " and brought both good and bad to his country . He tried to bring Cambodia into the modern world and protect it from its neighbors , but he brought about divisions in the process , she said . "  He threw his prestige and politics behind the Khmer Rouge when they started the rebellion and it was his name that helped convince a lot of peasants to go along with the Khmer Rouge , " Becker told CNN . "  Then later , after the Vietnamese invasion , he continued to help the Khmer Rouge at the United Nations with political prestige , so his is a very checkered legacy . "	Late Cambodia King-Father Norodom Sihanouk cremated Monday in Phnom Penh Died last October at the age of 90 , has been lying in state at Royal Palace On Friday , his body was carried in a procession to a specially built crematorium Sihanouk ruled Cambodia for 60 years until his abdication in 2004
