Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Thursday he is sending up to 300 military advisers to Iraq , and could down the road authorize targeted military action , if necessary . Advisers will help train and support Iraqi forces , while gathering intelligence on the militant group , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , which has taken several cities in the north and west of Iraq . Obama said such action was necessary to help prevent a civil war in Iraq that could destabilize the region , and also prevent creation of a terrorist safe haven . One aircraft carrier and five warships are already positioned in the Persian Gulf , U.S. drones are flying intelligence missions over Iraq and military sources tell CNN a list of ISIS targets has been compiled . Special forces teams will arrive in Iraq soon . They could ultimately assist in calling in airstrikes , if they are authorized . "  Going forward , we will be prepared to take targeted and precise military action if and when we determine that the situation on the ground requires it , " Obama said on Thursday . Without deploying combat troops -- which Obama has ruled out -- how could the United States take further military action ? Airstrikes : Air power is the most talked about option to target ISIS fighters who have seized cities in northwestern Iraq and could advance into Baghdad . Navy ships in the Persian Gulf , which could facilitate an emergency evacuation of U.S. personnel in Iraq , would also enable missile strikes or bombing . Striking from the air could hamper the movement of ISIS fighters , said Karl Mueller , associate director of the Strategy , Doctrine , and Resources program at RAND Arroyo Center . Airstrikes would "  help stem the advancing tide of ISIS , mainly by striking their forces advancing toward Baghdad or other cities not already under their control , " he said . Targeted strikes could help shift the momentum from ISIS fighters to Iraqi soldiers and could be highly effective and low risk , Mueller said . As during the 2011 intervention in Libya , ground forces are unlikely to pose a significant threat to U.S. air power and ISIS 's air defenses "  would likely be even weaker , " Mueller said . American bombing would not only give Iraqi forces the upper hand against ISIS , but could provide a much-needed "  psychological boost " to Iraqi forces after soldiers abandoned their posts in Mosul , which was quickly captured by ISIS . Another benefit ? U.S. airstrikes would be achievable without deploying U.S. military personnel near the ground targets , CNN military analyst retired Gen. James "  Spider " Marks said . While some have raised concerns that an air campaign could result in a high number of civilian casualties , Marks called ISIS a "  very conventional force , " boasting armored vehicles , artillery and ammo stockpiles . Precision strikes would be difficult to call in without forces on the ground , but the advisers Obama is now deploying could fulfill that task , CNN military analyst Rick Francona said . U.S. special forces would be "  in a great position to call in any air strikes , " Francona said . Retired Army Gen. Mark Kimmitt called airstrikes "  one of the best guarantees " to keep Iraq in one piece , but argued that ISIS is more focused on consolidating their gains and may not be interested in pushing into Baghdad . "  It 's highly unlikely that they have either the manpower or the capability -- or quite frankly the desire -- to go well south into the southern , predominantly almost exclusively Shia areas , " Kimmitt said . Drones : What if Obama decides he does n't want U.S. pilots flying over Iraq at all ? Drones have already been at the forefront of the U.S. 's fight against terrorism in the Middle East and perhaps the most recognizable weapon of the Obama administration 's policy in countries like Yemen and Pakistan . But drones are best used to strike small , specific targets like vehicles and individual suspected terrorists and several military officials have told CNN that drone strikes would have a limited impact on a force like ISIS . Drones would help U.S. military officials fill the intelligence gap they need to seal in order to strike ISIS precisely , effectively and with limited civilian casualties . Experts and critics have cited the lack of updated military intelligence in ISIS-controlled areas as a hindrance to identifying specific targets . And the Pentagon has ramped up drone surveillance over northern and western Iraq since ISIS took several cities . But some say that is not enough . On the ground , intelligence-gathering : Obama has ruled out sending troops "  back into combat . " Plans for advisers are similar to those that retired Marine Gen. Anthony Zinni , the former head of Central Command , called for Monday on CNN . "  They can provide some of that ground intelligence ... that we 're lacking , " he said . "  They also can control airstrikes if necessary . They can function as advisers . " Zinni suggested the elite forces could work with Iraqi forces as well as with Kurdish fighters who recently seized control of the northern , oil-rich city of Kirkuk and are also battling the Islamist militants . Gen. Mark Hertling also called intelligence-gathering essential to distinguish between ISIS fighters and civilians . "  Intelligence is the driver . You ca n't drop bombs or hit targets without intelligence , " Hertling said . "  In order to get intel , especially in a nation that 's like Iraq , you have to have people seeking that intel on the ground . It just ca n't come from satellite photos , or an airplane moving at 200 knots above a target and say : ` Hey , that 's good enough , let 's drop a bomb . ' " To those urging Obama to take swift military action to strike ISIS , Hertling has a message : easier said than done . He urged caution , warning that without more intelligence , U.S. strikes could hit civilians . "  And as soon as the first bomb or the first strafing run hits a school bus or a car full of civilians , then the Americans are to blame for that , " he said . But sending advisers could just be a first step to a larger U.S. mission in Iraq , experts warned . "  This is the first step . This is how you get drawn into these situations , " Francona , a CNN military analyst , said . Cooperating with Iran : Obama also said that Iran can play a constructive role in Iraq if it is not "  coming in solely as an armed force on behalf of the Shia . " Iran deployed about 500 Revolutionary Guard troops to help the Iraqi government . But Iran 's growing influence in Iraq continues to worry experts and U.S. officials as Iran 's involvement risks further inflaming sectarian tensions already at a boiling point in the region . As Iranian planes fly through Iraq to arm the Syrian regime and as the war in Syria swells into neighboring countries , experts are warning of a possible regional war between Sunnis and Shiites . To keep Iraq from breaking into pieces , Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States would consider communicating with Iran to kill the advance of ISIS militants . Kerry is heading to Iraq for consultations on the situation there . "  We 're open to discussions if there 's something constructive that can be contributed by Iran , " he said in an interview with Yahoo News , responding to a question about cooperating with the Iranian military . "  I think we need to go step by step and see what , in fact , might be a reality . " Kerry clarified Thursday that the United States is only "  interested in communicating with Iran " and sharing information to prevent mistakes . But the powder-keg situation in Iraq has convinced even one of the most conservative members of the U.S. Senate to consider working with Iran . "  The Iranians can provide some assets to make sure Baghdad does n't fall , " Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said . Meghan O'Sullivan , a former deputy national security adviser , agreed that a coordinated effort in Iraq between the U.S. and Iran might benefit both sides . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told Congress coordination with Iran would not be a first as the United States had previously "  worked with the Iranians on that western border in Afghanistan . " Others worried that a collaboration with Iran could further alienate Sunni Iraqis who are already weary of the Iraqi government or Iran 's regional rivals . House Speaker John Boehner said the U.S. should rule out any partnership with Iran . "  I can just imagine what our friends in the region , our allies will be thinking by reaching out to Iran at a time when they continue to pay for terrorists and foster terrorism not only in Syria , in Lebanon but in Israel as well , " Boehner said . Obama announces military advisers going to Iraq Transcript : Obama 's remarks on U.S. response to Iraq crisis Obama : Military advisers will go to Iraq , but U.S. not returning to combat CNN 's Shirley Henry , Barbara Starr and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	On airstrikes : the U.S. may have trouble recognizing militants from civilians . Drones are effective for precision strikes , but may be most helpful with other missions Experts say filling the intelligence gap is the No. 1 priority The U.S. could also collaborate with Iran , which has already sent 500 troops to help
CNN  -- More than two million people are dying every year from the effects of outdoor air pollution , according to a new study . An estimated 2.1 million deaths are caused by anthropogenic increases of fine particulate matter  PM2 .5  while a further 470,000 are killed annually as a result of human-caused increases in ozone pollution . Jason West , co-author of the study published in the journal of Environmental Research Letters said : "  Outdoor air pollution is an important problem and among the most important environmental risk factors for health . " East Asia is the worst affected area with researchers estimating more than a million people dying prematurely every year from PM2 .5 pollution and 203,000 from ozone pollution . India has the second highest air pollution mortality rates with an estimated 397,000 deaths from fine particulates and ozone accounting for , on average , 118,000 . Next comes Southeast Asia which has estimated average of 158,000 deaths from PM2 .5 and 33,300 attributed to ozone . Europe has fractionally less PM2 .5 deaths  154,000 , on average  and 32,800 premature deaths related to ozone while in North America there were an average of 43,000 deaths from fine particulates and 34,400 related to ozone . West et al used an ensemble of global atmospheric chemistry climate models to estimate concentrations of PM2 .5 and ozone pollutants . Fine particulate matter  dust , soot , smoke and liquid droplets  is classified as less than 2.5 micrometers in diameter . It is particularly dangerous to human health because it can lodge deep in the lungs causing cancer and other respiratory disease , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Ground level ozone is created by chemical reactions between oxides of nitrogen and volatile organic compounds  VOC  in the presence of sunlight , say the EPA . The study also investigated the effects of climate change on worsening air pollution , comparing climate models from the year 2000 with pre-industrial times  1850  . "  Very few studies have attempted to estimate the effects of past climate change on air quality and health . We found that the effects of past climate change are likely to be a very small component of the overall effect of air pollution , " said West , assistant professor in the Department of Environmental Sciences and Engineering at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . "  Going forward into the future , climate change will get more severe and that could have greater effects on air pollution . " The research adds to a growing body of evidence revealing both the human and economic impacts of air pollution around the world . A recent report published in the British medical journal , The Lancet found that the incidence of heart failure rises when air pollution is higher . The research , funded by the British Heart Foundation , concluded that a reduction of PM2 .5 could reduce hospitalizations due to heart failure in the U.S. saving a third of a billion dollars per year . Another recent study published in the Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences highlighted air pollution problems in Northern China , suggesting life expectancy could have been lowered by five-and-a-half years . Even in the European Union , air pollution takes a sizable 8.6-month chunk off life expectancy according to the World Health Organization . But technology to monitor air pollution is improving all the time , says Roland Leigh , an air quality scientist from the UK 's University of Leicester . "  Historically , air quality is something very much we 've tried to measure and manage spatially -- considering over a total city what the average air quality is . What we are getting to now is systems that let us manage the distribution of air quality with knowledge of where people are and what people are doing , " Leigh told CNN . Improved data can help manage the exposure of sensitized individuals  the young , asthma sufferers , the elderly  , he says . But he concedes that the road to improved air quality might be a long one . "  We have come to terms with the fact that in the urban environment we get exposed to emissions by our transport systems . That transport system is essential and at the moment there is no economically viable way of not emitting pollution at the point of use . "  Either we have to manage those emissions and exposure more intelligently or technologies need to change in our cars . "	Air pollution responsible for more than two million premature deaths worldwide annually Study assesses impact of fine particulates and ozone using atmospheric climate models East Asia worst affected region with over a million deaths per year Study also found that climate change has n't had huge impact on effects of air pollution
CNN  -- A flight labeled the "  final " certification test of an improved battery system for the grounded Boeing 787 Dreamliner was "  straightforward " and "  uneventful , " the airplane maker said Friday . The test was an important one for Boeing , which has billions of dollars riding on the success of the new airliner . The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and similar regulators worldwide grounded the Dreamliner in January after two battery-related fires damaged 787s in Boston and Japan . No one was hurt in the fires . In March the FAA approved a Boeing certification plan to fix the 787 's problematic lithium-ion battery system and prove the new design is safe . Friday 's nearly two-hour flight was the final certification test of that plan . Boeing announces changes to Dreamliner battery system Boeing "  will now gather and analyze the data and submit the required materials to the FAA , " the company said in a news release . It said it expects the material to be delivered in a matter of days . The flight left Paine Field in Everett , Washington , at 10:39 a.m. with a crew of 11 , including two FAA representatives , Boeing said , and it returned at 12:28 p.m. "  The crew reported that the certification demonstration plan was straightforward and the flight was uneventful , " Boeing 's news release said . "  The purpose of the flight was to demonstrate that the new battery system performs as intended during normal and non-normal flight conditions . " At the time the planes were grounded , 50 787s were flying worldwide . U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in March the Dreamliner will not be allowed back in service until Boeing proves the new design is safe for passengers .	The test is part of Boeing 's work on an improved 787 lithium-ion battery system 50 Dreamliner aircraft have been grounded since January after two battery fires Boeing says it will analyze the data from the test and submit material to the FAA
Acapulco , Mexico  CNN  -- A pack of masked and hooded gunmen broke into a beach bungalow on the outskirts of Acapulco and raped six women tourists after tying up a group of men with cell phone cables and bikini straps , officials said Tuesday . Another woman , also in the rented home , was spared in the 2 a.m. Monday morning attack just east of the troubled Mexican resort city , where a spate of recent violence has tarnished the reputation of what was once a top spring break destination . The victims -- Spanish nationals , ranging in age from 20 to 34 -- are now under the protection of Mexican authorities . Acapulco Mayor Luis Walton condemned the attack during a Tuesday news conference and vowed to apprehend those responsible as world attention homed in on Pacific port city . "  It 's a very delicate situation , " he said . "  We are going to have the full weight of the law against those responsible . " He called it regrettable , apologized for the gunmen 's attack and said it would probably affect the image of Acapulco , which derives much of its revenue from tourism . "  We know that it 's very unfortunate what has happened , but it happens anywhere in the world , " said Walton . The mayor later apologized for his comment , saying he "  very much regrets the misinterpretation of his words , which were never meant to harm the victims , nor minimize the facts . " State prosecutor Martha Elba Garzon said her office would not reveal the names of the victims or anything related to the probe , but she vowed to uphold the "  responsibility to provide security to tourists and our people . " Military checkpoints have since been set up in an effort to apprehend five men that authorities believe are responsible for the attacks . The men , they say , do not appear to be a part of organized crime . Investigators have also cordoned off the area surrounding the bungalow , located in an open area with limited security in Playa Encantada , as they sift through evidence . Acapulco , in the mountainous state of Guerrero on Mexico 's Pacific coast , was thought of as a relatively safe city despite rampant violence in the surrounding region . But a recent uptick in drug-related killings has compounded fiscal troubles brought on by the global financial crisis in the once glamorous Hollywood haunt . Its modern realities now stand in stark contrast to its older self as once a choice destination for America 's elite . In 1953 , John F. Kennedy took his new wife , Jacqueline , there for their honeymoon . Years later , Frank Sinatra immortalized the Mexican port city in his 1958 album "  Come Fly With Me . " And Elizabeth Taylor tied the knot for the third time in Acapulco when she married producer Mike Todd . But after a series of gruesome murders in Guerrero , American and British authorities have since issued travel warnings . In recent years , the region 's drug wars are thought to have impacted the city 's tourism sector as rival cartels vie for control of drug routes originating in South America . It is not clear whether Monday 's attack was drug-related . And yet the port city has also shown signs of a rebound . Spanish tennis great Rafael Nadal is expected to play at the Acapulco Open later this month , and Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim recently promised a series of new investment projects . Hotel occupancy rates inside Acapulco now hover around 65 % , according to the city 's Municipal Tourism Board . Image problem notwithstanding , Mexico has remained a top tourist destination for decades . It welcomed 20 million Americans in 2010 , the latest year for which federal data is available . The city of Acapulco also brought in roughly half a million tourists last year . Most of them were Mexicans , including residents from the capital and Cuernavaca who flocked to beaches a four-hour drive away . But the U.S. State Department said resort city bars , including those in Acapulco , can be "  havens for drug dealers and petty criminals . " The agency said "  resort areas and tourist destinations in Mexico generally do not see the levels of drug-related violence and crime reported in the border region and in areas along major trafficking routes . " Spain 's Foreign Ministry also advised travelers that "  while foreign tourists rarely are victims of kidnapping or extortion , they can be victims of assaults and robberies . " It said Guerrero "  should especially be avoided , " or travelers should proceed with "  extreme caution . " An estimated 107,000 Spaniards live in Mexico . They reside mostly in the capital . CNN 's Nick Parker , Laura Reyes Maciel and Salomon Kauffman contributed to this report from Acapulco . Ariel Crespo and Nadia Sanders in Mexico City , Al Goodman in Madrid , and Nick Valencia and Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta also contributed to this report . David Ariosto wrote this story from New York .	Military checkpoints have since been set up in an effort to apprehend five men The victims are Spanish nationals between ages 20 and 34 Investigators have cordoned off the area surrounding the bungalow The house is located in an open area with limited security in Playa Encantada , east of Acapulco
CNN  -- The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has begun a review of the status of the manatee to determine whether the lovable sea cow should be moved from the endangered to the threatened list , officials said . The agency said Tuesday its review of the West Indian manatee , which includes the Florida manatee , will include a 60-day comment period . The review follows a 2012 petition and a lawsuit this year from Save Crystal River Inc. , an organization that wants to "  improve and preserve the unique beauty of the waters of Crystal River and the community , " according to its Facebook page . A lawyer for the Pacific Legal Foundation , a conservative/libertarian organization that represents Save Crystal River , said that changing the listing wo n't necessarily change the federal protections for the animal . "  But not changing that status -- when the science says it should be changed -- will undermine the credibility of environmental oversight , and that 's bad news for all species and all environmental concerns , " attorney Christina M. Martin said in a post on the Save Crystal River website . An endangered species is one that is in danger of extinction now , according to the Fish and Wildlife Service . Threatened species are ones that likely will be on the verge of extinction in the future . Manatees are slow-moving , large marine mammals and many die in collisions with boats . Boaters are required to move at idle-speed in manatee protection zones . In 2013 , federal wildlife officials broadened protections for manatees in Kings Bay , the headwaters for the Crystal River . Patrick Rose , executive diretor of the Save the Manatee Club , told Florida Today there are still problems , including losses in the main item in a manatees ' diet -- sea grass . He said habitat loss and disease are other primary threats . Rose said his group will fight to keep manatees an endangered species . Wildlife officials say it is unclear how many manatees are in Florida waters . A statewide survey in 2011 suggested there were about 4,800 , but counting manatees , who surface every four minutes to breathe , is difficult . The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said the numbers appear to be increasing in some parts of the state or are stable in others , but researchers need updated numbers . There were 830 documented manatee deaths in 2013 and 218 for the first six months of 2014 , according to information published on the commission 's website . Many have died in algae blooms . Manatees have been on the federal endangered species list since it was first published in 1967 . Photos : Strange and endangered species Opinion : Jamaica selling out its paradise Off the menu : China moves to protect endangered species	There may be about 4,800 manatees in Florida waters They have been on the endangered species list since 1967 Group says changing manatees ' status wo n't mean change in protections Supporters say the sea cows are still at risk
CNN  -- They 've met in three of the past four men 's grand slam finals but after Thursday 's draw , Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic ca n't face each other on the last day of tennis ' U.S. Open . World No. 1 Djokovic and Murray , a winner in two of the last three majors he has played in , were placed in the same half of the draw while giants Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer could meet in the quarterfinals . Murray ended Britain 's 76-year wait for a men 's singles winner at a grand slam and opened his own grand slam account when he toppled Djokovic in the 2012 final in New York . Murray potentially must beat Djokovic and Nadal to repeat -- and he has never overcome the duo in the same fortnight at a major . Nadal 's recent surge -- he claimed back-to-back titles in Montreal and Cincinnati leading into New York -- and Murray 's slump since capturing Wimbledon saw the Spaniard reclaim the No. 2 ranking . As a result , Nadal and Djokovic could n't be put in the same section . If the seedings hold , Nadal would battle not Murray but David Ferrer in the semifinals . Nadal owns a 20-4 record versus his countryman but has had it tougher against Murray , 13-5 . While 12-time grand slam champion Nadal and 17-time winner Federer have tangled in the finals at the three other majors , they have never faced off in any round at the U.S. Open . Nadal downed Federer in three sets in the quarterfinals of the Cincinnati Masters last week and is unbeaten on hard courts this season . Knee troubles ruled him out of Flushing Meadows in 2012 . At No. 7 , Federer is at his lowest ranking in 11 years . Williams , Azarenka lead women 's field In the women 's draw , world No. 1 Serena Williams and No. 2 Victoria Azarenka appear to be on a collision course , especially since Maria Sharapova pulled out of the tournament due to a shoulder injury . Azarenka has played in the past three hard-court grand slam finals , winning the Australian Open twice and losing a heartbreaker to Williams at the 2012 U.S. Open . She could n't serve out the match . Azarenka edged Williams in Cincinnati on Sunday in a third-set tiebreak . In an intriguing first-round encounter , Williams begins against Francesca Schiavone . Although the Italian is slumping , she , too , is a grand slam champion and reached the U.S. Open quarterfinals three years ago .	Novak Djokovic could meet Andy Murray in the semifinals at the U.S. Open Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal face a potential quarterfinal showdown in New York Serena Williams begins against another grand slam winner , Francesca Schiavone Former winner Maria Sharapova pulled out of the tournament with a shoulder injury
CNN  -- As Hawaii and Illinois join the list of states approving same-sex marriage , the United States crosses a big mark on the issue : More than 1 in 3 Americans will live where same-sex marriage is legal . It 's a dramatic shift in a short period of time -- one not seen on other social issues . Hawaii 's Legislature passed the measure Tuesday . Gov. Neil Abercrombie signed it into law Wednesday morning . It will go into effect December 2 . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn plans to sign legislation for his state November 20 . It will take effect June 1 . In all , 16 states and the District of Columbia now have legal same-sex marriage . It 's banned in other states , except New Mexico , which has no state law either way . Some counties in New Mexico have begun allowing same-sex marriage . The facts - same-sex marriage The change in laws across the country comes as support for same-sex marriage has doubled in less than 20 years . A 1996 Gallup poll found 27 % of Americans thought same-sex marriage should be legal . In 2013 , that figure was 53 % . President Obama 's shift on the issue reflects that change . "  With today 's vote , Hawaii joins a growing number of states that recognize that our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters should be treated fairly and equally under the law , " Obama , a native Hawaiian , said in a statement Tuesday . In his first presidential election campaign , in 2008 , Obama opposed same-sex marriage . Groups opposed to same-sex marriage fear the steady change could lead to same-sex marriage being legalized nationally . After the Senate last week passed the Employee Non-Discrimination Act -- which would protect gay , lesbian , and transgender employees in the workplace -- National Organization for Marriage President Brian Brown said the act "  could be a Trojan horse that enables the marriage redefinition agenda to be forced on the entire nation through the courts . " "  We 've seen how marriage redefinition leads to those who believe in traditional marriage being punished , labeled ` bigots ' and ` haters ' in the public square , and forced to be silent about their deeply held beliefs or face repercussions , " he also wrote in a recent blog post . "  And their children ? They 're taught in schools that the values planted in them at home are bigoted and outdated , the equivalent of racism ! " Illinois legislature OKs same-sex marriage CNN 's Alan Duke and Leigh Ann Caldwell contributed to this report	More than 1 in 3 Americans live where same-sex marriage is or will be legal Hawaii and Illinois are the latest with Hawaii 's law taking effect next month 16 states and D.C. have legal same-sex marriage ; others ban it , except New Mexico Public support for it has doubled since 1996 to 53 % of Americans
CNN  -- American football is continuing its love affair with London . The NFL announced Tuesday it will stage another regular season game in the British capital in 2014 . The Jacksonville Jaguars , Atlanta Falcons and Oakland Raiders will each host a home game at Wembley Stadium next season . A regular season game was first played in London in 2007 but , for the first time this season , two games were scheduled on the opposite side of the Atlantic . The Minnesota Vikings played to a sell-out crowd in September as they finally ended their season drought with victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers . The Jackonsonville Jaguars face the San Francisco 49ers on 27 October . Both NFL games at Wembley Stadium sold out within hours . "  Our fans in the UK have continued to demonstrate that they love football and want more , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said . "  Both of this year 's games in London sold out quickly . The fan enthusiasm for our sport continues to grow . "  By playing two games in the UK this year , we are creating more fans . We hope that with three games in London next year we will attract even more people to our game . " The sport is hungry to increase its global profile and the appetite for American football in London suggests the feeling is mutual .	The NFL will hold three regular season games in London in 2014 Jacksonville Jaguars , Atlanta Falcons and Oakland Raiders to play in London The games will be held at Wembley Stadium NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell praised enthusiasm of UK fans
CNN  Remember Knut , the adorable polar bear who captured hearts in 2006 ? Now it 's his baby half-brother 's turn . Officials at the Rostock Zoo in Germany say the polar bear was born December 3 but has been cuddling up to his mother , Vilma , in the zoo 's birth den for the past two months . This week , he made his first acquaintance with the snow , and zookeepers expect him to make his public debut in March . Until then , fans can watch the zoo 's weekly video updates of the cub clumsily finding his bearings -- and footing -- in the nursery alongside his doting mother . The baby bear is still unnamed ; the Rostock Zoo is taking suggestions until March 10 . If you have an idea , email presse@zoo-rostock.de . The newest puffball shares a father with Knut , the polar cub who warmed the world 's heart when he was abandoned by his mother at Zoo Berlin in 2006 and then hand-raised by zookeepers . In 2011 , the 4-year-old polar bear tragically died of encephalitis , and fans big and small lined the zoo 's polar bear enclosure with flowers and notes . Polar bear Knut 's half-sister makes public debut	A baby polar bear made his debut in Germany this weekend He is the half-brother of Knut , the famous polar bear who died in 2011
CNN  -- More than eight years after a Utah teenager disappeared from her bedroom on a summer night , the man authorities believe masterminded her kidnapping is set to stand trial in federal court . Brian David Mitchell , 57 , is accused of snatching then-14-year-old Elizabeth Smart at knifepoint from her family 's Salt Lake City home on June 5 , 2002 -- a crime that shocked the nation and the city , which was then basking in the glow of the 2002 Olympic Winter Games a few months earlier . Mitchell faces federal charges of kidnapping and transporting a minor across state lines for improper purposes . Jury selection in his trial is scheduled to begin Monday in Salt Lake City . In the months that followed Smart 's disappearance , her anguished parents , Ed and Lois , became a familiar sight in the media as they continued to plead for their daughter 's safe return . But no one expected what happened in March 2003 , when Smart was found walking down a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy in the company of Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Eileen Barzee . Mitchell , a drifter and self-described prophet who called himself "  Emmanuel , " had done some handyman work at the Smarts ' home . Utah prosecutors charged Mitchell with six felony charges of kidnapping , sexual assault and burglary . But in July 2005 , a Utah district court judge ruled him incompetent to stand trial , leaving him in custody at the Utah State Hospital . However , the state case against Mitchell was put on hold when federal authorities stepped in . A grand jury in 2008 indicted Mitchell and Barzee . U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball found Mitchell competent to stand trial in March . Barzee , 64 , pleaded guilty in November 2009 to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor in federal court and was sentenced in May to 15 years in federal prison . She also pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in an attempt to kidnap Smart 's cousin a month after Smart was kidnapped . She was given a sentence of one to 15 years , to be served concurrently with the federal sentence , and given credit for the seven years she had spent in custody . As part of her plea agreement , Barzee agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband . However , her name does not appear on a witness list filed by federal prosecutors -- and does appear on a list of witnesses filed by the defense . Smart , her mother and her younger sister , Mary Katherine -- who was sleeping in the room with Smart the night of the kidnapping and was the only witness -- all appear on the prosecution 's witness list . Mitchell 's attorneys attempted to move his trial , saying it should be held outside of Utah because publicity in the case had prejudiced the pool of potential jurors against him and jeopardized his right to a fair trial . Kimball denied that request in August , and defense attorneys appealed his ruling to the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver , Colorado . A three-judge panel on the appeals court denied the request last week , saying it was premature since jury selection had not taken place . "  It is possible that a jury could be seated where all the jurors would satisfy Mr. Mitchell 's view of impartiality , " the 10th Circuit ruling said . Defense attorneys in July said in court documents that they intend to utilize an insanity defense and intend to introduce expert testimony relating to an alleged mental disease or defect . Now 22 , Smart testified as part of Mitchell 's competency hearing last year that after taking her -- still dressed in her red pajamas -- from her home , Mitchell took her to a wooded area behind her home and performed a mock marriage ceremony with her before sexually assaulting her . She testified he repeatedly assaulted her during her months in captivity , and that he and Barzee took her to California before returning with her to Utah . The federal court summoned 600 jurors to fill out a preliminary juror questionnaire in the case , according to court documents . About 500 potential jurors attended the sessions on September 30 and October 1 . Some were released on hardship grounds , the documents said , but about 330 jurors completed the questionnaire . Kimball narrowed that number down to slightly more than 200 potential jurors , according to The Salt Lake Tribune newspaper .	Brian David Mitchell 's attorneys will use insanity defense Appeals court upholds judge 's decision not to move trial Report : Jury pool narrowed down to about 200
CNN  Some viewers of the iHeartRadio Music Awards on Sunday night took to social media to vent about the opening monologue , saying one controversial joke by Jamie Foxx crossed the line . Foxx , the actor and musician who won an Oscar for his portrayal of Ray Charles , hosted the second annual awards show in Los Angeles . "  We got some groundbreaking performances , here too , tonight , " Foxx said . "  We got Bruce Jenner , who will be doing some musical performances . He 's doing a his-and-her duet all by himself . " There have been reports that Jenner , an Olympic gold medalist , plans to transition from male to female . However , Jenner has not spoken publicly about any such possibility . Many television viewers took to social media to complain that the joke was offensive to people struggling with issues of gender and sexual identity . The hashtag #iHeartRadioMusicAwards remained a top trend Monday . "  Jamie Foxx just made a terrible , disgusting joke about Bruce Jenner 's rumored transition on this trash awards show , " tweeted @laurennostro . "  Seriously #JamieFoxx ? #BruceJenner jokes ? " wrote @AngelaPquigley . "  You 're disgusting , that 's not ok . It was n't funny , just mean spirited and lazy . " Foxx 's joke was n't the only part of the show that made headlines . Pop princess Taylor Swift continued her recent hot streak by winning artist of the year and song of the year for her hit "  Shake It Off . " Swift also played guitar onstage while Madonna sang her new song , "  Rebel Heart . " And Justin Timberlake received the iHeartRadio Innovator Award for his achievements as an entertainer . The former N'SYNC heartthrob , who has earned critical praise and commercial success as a solo artist and an actor , said he was n't one of the cool kids growing up . "  They called me different . They called me weird , " he said in accepting the award . "  Thankfully my mother taught me that being different was a good thing . That being different meant you could actually make a difference so I wan na thank my mom ... " In his monologue , Foxx also took potshots at the "  Blurred Lines " copyright-infringement battle and the health of a famous 1990s record executive . Those jokes found more acceptance than the Jenner quip . "  Marvin Gaye had the number one song , featuring Pharrell  Williams  and Robin Thicke , " Foxx said , setting up for his punch line : "  Marvin Gaye just made $ 7.4 million just last week . He 's making beats in heaven . It 's crazy , " he joked . "  He might be dead , but he ai n't dead broke . " Gaye 's children had sued Pharrell Williams and Robin Thicke over the 2013 hit "  Blurred Lines , " which jurors decided borrowed elements from Gaye 's soul classic "  Got to Give It Up . " The performers were ordered to pay $ 7.4 million for copyright damages and infringement . The crowd laughed again when Foxx turned to Death Row Records founder Marion "  Suge " Knight , who has been charged with murder in the hit-and-run death of a man run over by a truck . "  He will not be here tonight , " Foxx said of Knight . "  He founded Tha Dogg Pound , Snoop Dogg , Nate Dogg , and now he needs a seeing-eye dog . " Knight collapsed in court recently , as a result of ongoing health issues , after a judge set his bail at $ 25 million in the murder case . He hit his head during the fall , knocking himself out .	"  He 's doing a his-and-her duet all by himself , " Jamie Foxx said of Bruce Jenner Awards-show joke prompted anger on social media , with some calling it "  disgusting " Jenner has n't spoken publicly about rumors he 's transitioning from male to female
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- At least five people have been killed and five more injured after clashes between Christians and Muslims in Egypt 's Qalyubia province , a spokesman for Egypt 's health ministry said . The violence in the city of Khosous , north of Cairo , broke out after Coptic Christians drew crosses on the walls of a Muslim school , angering members of the Muslim community , said spokesman Ahmed Osman . Some of those caught in the clashes pulled out weapons and live ammunition . The alleged perpetrators and other Christians took shelter inside a Coptic church , Osman said . Angry members of the Muslim community tried to storm the building , but security forces arrived in time to prevent them . Tensions between Egypt 's Christians and the Muslim majority are heightened . The Christian minority has been the target of a number of high-profile attacks in the past several years . The bombing of a major church in Alexandria in January 2011 left at least 21 people dead , and at least 25 Coptic Christians and their supporters were killed in clashes with the army in October . That incident was the bloodiest in Egypt since its revolution in February . According to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life , Egypt 's population as of 2010 included an estimated 77 million Muslims and 4 million Coptic Christians .	Official : At least five people die as clashes break out in Qalyubia province , north of Cairo Muslims are angry because Coptic Christians drew crosses on a Muslim school , he says Tensions between Egypt 's Muslim majority and Christian minority are high
CNN  -- This holiday season , many people received e-book readers as gifts -- but what about the books ? It has been surprisingly difficult to give someone an e-book as a gift . You could buy them a gift card for the e-book service of their choice , and maybe suggest which book to purchase , but you could n't actually purchase it for them . In November , Amazon changed that . You can now buy a Kindle book as a gift . Recently I tested this by purchasing a holiday gift for a friend . She reported that obtaining my gift was easy -- she got an e-mail notification of the gift , clicked a link in the e-mail , clicked a link on the Amazon site to accept the gift , and then was able to download the book to her Kindle . This process also works for people who use the free Kindle smartphone or tablet apps , rather than the Kindle device . However if someone you know uses one of the other popular brand-name e-readers , they 're probably out of luck for direct e-book gifting . So far , you can not give a Barnes & Noble NookBook directly as a gift . Nor can you give an iBook , or a Sony e-book . You can , of course , buy or obtain e-books in other formats -- there are many : plain text , HTML , PDF , MobiPocket , ePub , and more . But you 'd need to check first whether your recipient would be able to use these book formats , and that would probably ruin the surprise . As a Kindle user who has many friends who also use the Kindle , I 'm glad that Amazon finally began offering this option . Obviously it can be done , and the experiences can be user-friendly for the buyer and recipient . But I 'm surprised Apple , Barnes & Noble and Sony have n't followed Amazon 's lead on this . They 're just leaving money on the table -- and in the current tight economy , what retailer can afford to do that ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Amazon changed its policy to allow customers to give e-books as gifts But you can not directly give a NookBook , an iBook or a Sony e-book as a gift E-book users can , of course , buy or obtain e-books in other formats
How many Ferraris does it take to impress a hotel valet in Boca ? More than 25 , apparently . The guy driving us around the opulent Boca Raton Resort and Club in his hotel-issued golf cart was non-plussed by the abundant wealth on display in the driveways and parking lots around the property . How many Ferraris were here ? "  Twenty to twenty-five , " he said , shrugging . How many BMWs ? "  Too many to count . " This is Palm Beach County , of course , where money ai n't a thing . But there was even more money here this week : The resort was playing host to the the Republican Governors Association 's annual meeting , always a magnet for major GOP donors , corporate fixers and political consultants looking to get some some face time , and maybe a contract or two , with the 31 Republican governors and governors-elect who now control state houses around the country . "  It 's a target-rich environment , " said Texas Gov. Rick Perry . "  Governors are able to talk to businesses from around the country that are looking to re-locate and looking to expand ... I 've gotten a few scalps here . " Perry joined a half dozen other potential 2016 presidential candidates , including Chris Christie , Rick Perry , Scott Walker , Bobby Jindal , John Kasich and Mike Pence . They were all more than happy to soak up attention from admirers and make nice with potential contributors . "  If you are an individual who is running for office , this is a good place to be to meet people who have a lot really good ideas about how to to do public policy , and meet men and women who want to see good government put into place , " Perry said . "  And it 's up to the point of , ` Well , I 'm gon na loan you not only my name , but lend you some money as well . I 'm gon na contribute to your campaign . ' And that 's all good . That 's how this process works . " All of this means that money is in the air at events like the one in Boca , which are as much about donor maintenance and business meetings as they are about electing governors . When their donors are involved , the RGA likes to roll out the red carpet , holding their conferences at high-end resorts like this one : Past RGA meetings were held in Scottsdale , Aspen and Austin . Ferraris abound . Republican governors and their entourages were everywhere at the resort -- in hallways , quiet corners , busy coffee shops and fancy dinners -- making time for admirers and at least feigning interest in pitch-men from companies like G.E. and Altria who stalked the corridors . Aides stood at the ready to take their business cards . Meetings were taken , drinks were drunk , and golf was played . At the hotel bar on Thursday , one foursome of Republican golfers proudly showed off a picture on their iPhones : They had been golfing nearby at The Bears Club , founded by Jack Nicklaus , and a cigar-chomping Michael Jordan played through . They snapped a pic of him putting . The event attracted the usual pack of political press -- including the "  Hambycast " crew -- eager to flee the freezing temperatures of Washington and meet sources , interview new governors and get an early bead on the Republican presidential race , which does n't seem like it will start as soon as reporters would like it to . They also had to suffer through a barrage of cliches about governors knowing how to lead . Did you know that states are the laboratories of democracy ? You do now . Christie , the outgoing RGA chairman , passed the committee leadership baton to Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam on Thursday , but not before basking in the glow of a successful election cycle . Swarmed by reporters every time he showed his face , Christie swatted away questions about his presidential thinking and insisted that he just wanted to reflect on a winning cycle and celebrate with his fellow Republicans . "  Christie did a fantastic job , " said Larry Hogan , the newly-elected Republican governor of blue Maryland and maybe the biggest surprise winner of 2014 . "  The candidates and the donors and everybody here are thrilled . You could n't do a better job , winning multiple blue states like Massachusetts and Illinois and Maryland . It 's a pretty big win for Chris Christie and the RGA . " Hogan was like the star rookie at an NFL training camp , the subject of gentle ribbing from his more seasoned colleagues but also the buzziest newcomer in Boca . "  People said to me during the campaign that I seem like Christie with a softer edge , " he said . "  We are both pretty blunt . They liked the fact that our personalities are similar . " Few people thought Hogan could win when he announced his campaign -- including Christie . "  We were on the No-Way-In-Hell list for the RGA , " he said . After Christie became convinced that Hogan could pull off a sleeper upset , he asked his fellow RGA leaders to make an investment in Maryland , even going into debt to do so . Other Republican governors were skeptical . "  They were like , Christie have you been drinking ? , " Hogan chuckled . Now the governor-elect , Hogan indulged every major donor who wanted a handshake -- and every every reporter who wanted an interview . Perhaps he was too unguarded . He let slip a fact that no Marylander should ever reveal : He 's never watched "  The Wire . " Not one season . "  Maybe I 'll watch them all when I retire , " he said . And maybe he 'll retire in Boca .	Republican governors met in Boca Raton this week Several potential 2016 presidential candidates attended
TUNIS , Tunisia  CNN  -- Polls closed late Sunday in Tunisia , the torchbearer of the so-called Arab Spring , but voters will not see results of national elections until Tuesday , officials said . On Sunday , long lines of voters snaked around schools-turned-polling-stations in Tunis 's upscale Menzah neighborhood , some waiting for hours to cast a vote in the nation 's first national elections since the country 's independence in 1956 . "  It 's a wonderful day . It 's the first time we can choose our own representatives , " said Walid Marrakchi , a civil engineer who waited more than two hours , and who brought along his 3-year-old son Ahmed so he could "  get used to freedom and democracy . " Tunisia 's election is the first since a popular uprising in January overthrew long-time dictator Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and triggered a wave of revolutions -- referred to as the Arab Spring -- across the region . More than 60 political parties and thousands of independent candidates competed for 218 seats in a new Constitutional Assembly , which will be charged with writing a new constitution and laying the framework for a government system . Voters appeared jubilant on Sunday , taking photos of each other outside polling stations , some holding Tunisian flags . "  It 's a holiday , " said housewife Maha Haubi , who had just taken her position at the end of the long line of more than 1,000 voters waiting outside an elementary school in Menzah . "  Before we never even had the right to say ` yes ' or ` no . ' " Nearby , banker Aid Naghmaichi said she did n't mind the long wait to vote . "  We have waited years for this , " Naghmaichi said . Ali Bergaoui burst out of a classroom waving a Tunisian flag and smiling broadly moments after he voted . He said he and his wife , Miriam , had a sleepless night in anticipation of the vote . They showed up at 7 a.m. when polls officially opened and waited for three hours . "  We waited 50 years for this , " a triumphant Bergaoui said . Miriam Bergaoui 's eyes filled with tears as she tried to express the emotion of the moment . But partisan politics were already on display here . The Bergaouis both said they came in part to vote against Ennahada , the once-banned moderate Islamist party that consistently scored highest in public opinion polls in the weeks leading up to the election . The campaign period marked an escalation in tension between secular and religious Tunisians . Religious groups staged angry protests that sometimes turned violent at universities and a private TV channel , to show opposition to the broadcast of the animated film "  Persepolis , " which included a depiction of god . Meanwhile , prominent secular politicians , like the Progressive Democratic Party 's Ahmed Nejib Chebbi campaigned on anti-Ennahada platforms , warning voters that a victory for the party would mark a setback for Tunisia 's development as a secular state . Tunisia 's election -- nearly 9 months since the overthrow of President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali -- has been praised by U.S. President Barack Obama . "  Today , less than a year after they inspired the world , the Tunisian people took an important step forward , " Obama said Sunday . In December , a wave of protests began in Tunisia that led eventually to the ousting of President Ben Ali and his prime minister . Tunisia 's dramatic protests were triggered by a street vendor named Mohamed Bouazizi who set himself on fire to protest government harassment . Bouzazi , who died at the age of 26 , became a symbol for the frustrations of the Arab people , with those frustrations erupting in waves of demonstrations and protests across the region .	"  We waited 50 years for this , " a voter says The Arab Spring began in Tunisia Candidates are competing for 218 seats in the Assembly The Assembly will be charged with writing a new constitution
EW.com  -- Roland Emmerich may never win an Oscar  I 'm going out on a limb here  , but he gets my vote as the greatest practitioner of good bad movies working in Hollywood today . I do n't mean that as a backhanded compliment . Seriously . It takes a certain kind of genius to crank out blockbusters as spectacularly silly as "  Independence Day , " "  The Day After Tomorrow " and "  2012 . " And the main difference between Emmerich and fellow maestros of mayhem like Michael Bay is that he actually seems to be in on the joke . He knows his movies are preposterous nonsense , and he embraces it . John Hodgman explains why men in action movies wear those white tank tops In his latest big-budget excuse to blow up 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , "  White House Down , " Emmerich does n't waste time with anything as conventional as a setup ; he just dives right in , introducing us to Channing Tatum 's John Cale , a divorced Capitol police officer itching to be a Secret Service agent to impress his daughter  Joey King  . While his job interview in the West Wing is going south , right-wing mercenaries take over the White House demanding $ 400 million . Meanwhile , Cale 's daughter has been taken hostage and the president  Jamie Foxx  is left unguarded . Guess who steps in to protect the POTUS ? ` Fifty Shades ' of No : Actors who will NOT star in ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' Emmerich and screenwriter James Vanderbilt  "  The Amazing Spider-Man "  rip off "  Die Hard " beat for beat . But when you 're having this much fun , why quibble ? The entire film is merely an excuse for Tatum to squeeze off machine-gun rounds in a muscle-baring tank top , Foxx to do his cool-cat Obama impression right down to chomping on Nicorette , and Emmerich to revel in what he does best  $ " blast the sets  and plausibility  to kingdom come . Comparisons between this and last March 's similarly themed "  Olympus Has Fallen " are going to be inevitable , so let me just say that Emmerich 's is the D.C. disaster flick to see . Skip it , and you 'll be depriving yourself of one of the summer 's most satisfyingly stupid pleasures . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  White House Down " stars Jamie Foxx as POTUS and Channing Tatum as a police officer When mercenaries take over the White House , Tatum dives in to protect the president Roland Emmerich 's "  White House Down " blows up sets and plausibility But when you 're having this much fun , why quibble ?
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela 's health had declined so sharply last week that his family was considering whether to take him off life support before his condition improved , a court document released Thursday revealed . The document , known as a "  certificate of urgency , " was filed on June 26 . It stated that the 94-year-old Mandela "  has taken a turn for the worst and that the Mandela family have been advised by the medical practitioners that his life support machine should be switched off . " "  Rather than prolonging his suffering , the Mandela family is exploring this option as a very real probability , " it added . The following day , however , South African President Jacob Zuma announced that Mandela 's condition had improved from critical to critical but stable . Mandela remained critical but stable Thursday , Zuma 's office reported after he visited Mandela . It denied reports that Mandela was in a "  vegetative state . " Considered the founding father of South Africa 's modern democracy , Mandela has been hospitalized in Pretoria since June 8 for a recurring lung infection -- a legacy of his years of imprisonment under South Africa 's now-defunct apartheid regime . Another document filed by his family in a burial dispute described his health as "  perilous " and stated that fears that his death is drawing near are justified . That affidavit was lodged in court this week as 16 members of Mandela 's family battled his grandson , Nkosi Zwelivelile Mandela , also known as Mandla , over where three of the anti-apartheid icon 's deceased children should be buried . Mandla Mandela lost his case Wednesday , which meant the return of the remains of the three relatives to the family graveyard in Qunu , Nelson Mandela 's boyhood home , could go ahead . They were reburied Thursday in the family compound . But the dispute brought a public chiding from another hero of the anti-apartheid cause , retired Archbishop Desmond Tutu . In a statement carried by the South African Press Association late Thursday , Tutu urged the family not to "  besmirch " Mandela 's name in his last days . "  Please , please , please may we think not only of ourselves . It 's almost like spitting in Madiba 's face , " Tutu said , using Mandela 's traditional clan name . "  Your anguish , now , is the nation 's anguish -- and the world 's . We want to embrace you , to support you , to shine our love for Madiba through you . " The remains were removed from the Qunu village cemetery two years ago by Mandla Mandela and then taken to the village of Mvezo . The former South African president was born in Mvezo , but spent his childhood in Qunu . Messages for Nelson Mandela : Hope turns to resignation The family affidavit lodged at the Mthatha High Court gives new insight into the seriousness of his condition . "  The anticipation of his impending death is based on real and substantial grounds , " it reads . "  The applicants are desirous of burying their father and committing him to earth in which his descendants lie , " the affidavit states . Family members called it "  incontestable " that Mandela wants his three deceased children reburied . "  The applicants do not want a situation to be created in which Nelson Mandela 's remains are committed to lie in a burial site , entirely alone and forlorn and absent from the remains of his children , " the affidavit said . The remains buried in Mvezo were found and taken to a mortuary Wednesday , Eastern Cape police said , according to the South African Press Association . Forensic testing was done before the reburial in Qunu to confirm the identities of the bodies , the news agency said . The three are Nelson Mandela 's first daughter , Makaziwe Mandela , who died as a baby in 1948 ; his eldest son , Madiba Thembekile , who died in a car crash in 1969 ; and Makgatho Mandela , father to Mandla , who died in 2005 , the news agency said . Mandla Mandela issued a statement Wednesday saying he would abide by the court decision but continue "  to fight for his right to put on record his side of the story . " On Thursday , he said his grandfather 's health is the chief issue on his mind , the South African Press Association reported . "  My grandfather continues to be stable while in a critical space , " he said . "  I want to focus on what matters most , being with my grandfather , ensuring I can be with him at this moment that he needs us most . " CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported in Pretoria , Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London and Matt Smith wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kim Norgaard , Tony Wende and Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	NEW : Tutu urges Mandelas to cool burial dispute Mandela 's family had weighed taking him off life support , document states Court papers filed in a dispute over burials call Mandela 's health "  perilous " Three of Mandela 's deceased children are reburied at his home in Qunu
CNN  -- After 26 years , Tawana Brawley has finally begun paying damages to Steven Pagones , a man she falsely accused of being among a group of men who raped her in 1987 . Brawley 's payment comes in the form of nearly $ 3,800 in wage garnishments , Pagones told CNN Sunday . Brawley still owes Pagones more than $ 400,000 in defamation damages . In fall 1987 , Brawley , who is African-American , was found disheveled inside a trash bag with racial slurs written across her body in Wappingers Falls , New York . Brawley , then 15 , claimed she was kidnapped and repeatedly raped by a group of white men . In one of his first mainstream cases , activist Al Sharpton became Brawley 's spokesman , staging rallies and calling for justice on her behalf . Sharpton fights different ` wars ' When the case was brought before a grand jury , it concluded that Brawley had falsified the entire account . Pagones , who was an assistant district attorney , filed a civil suit that named Brawley , Sharpton and Brawley 's lawyers as defendants . Sharpton has since paid his debt to Pagones . But Brawley , now 41 and a nurse living in Virginia , still owes Pagones more than $ 431,000 . Pagones says he will forgive the debt if Brawley issues a personal apology and finally clears his name of all wrongdoing . "  Just tell the truth . That 's all I 'm looking for here . I have been battling this since day one , and it 's really all about telling the truth , " Pagones said . Calls to Brawley were not returned . CNN 's Julia Lull contributed to this report .	Tawana Brawley claimed that Steven Pagones and others raped her in 1987 Brawley , who is black , said the white men wrote racial slurs on her body Al Sharpton took up her cause , which a grand jury later found to be false Brawley started paying Pagones monies owed from a defamation lawsuit
CNN  -- About 10 aid workers , some of them from the United Nations , are being held by authorities in an area of western Myanmar where sectarian clashes killed scores of people last month , the U.N. office in the country said Friday . The authorities in the state of Rakhine have detained the workers for "  questioning , " the U.N. Information Center Yangon said in a situation report published on its website . Yangon is the largest city and former capital of Myanmar . The United Nations said it was waiting for a formal reply from the government after requesting information on the situation . Out of concern for the workers ' privacy , the organization said it was n't releasing any personal or professional information about them . The aid group Doctors Without Borders said Friday one of its staff members had been released but that five were still among those in detention . "  We are in touch with the authorities to try to confirm their well-being , " the group 's Wai Sze Leung said in an e-mailed statement . The organization has temporarily suspended its activities and reduced staff in Rakhine , where it has worked since 1992 , Leung said . Myanmar frees more political prisoners This incident comes at a time that Myanmar has released hundreds of political prisoners , including opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , and instituted a series of political reforms after decades of repressive military rule . Western governments have responded to the efforts by easing sanctions on the country . Violence between Buddhists and Muslims in Rakhine has flared up after the police detained three Muslim men in relation to the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman in late May . News of the crime appears to have motivated several hundred people to attack a bus in Rakhine in June , killing 10 Muslims . Clashes then spread across the northern part of the state , resulting in the destruction of thousands of homes and the deaths of at least 62 people , the government has said . The national government declared a state of emergency in Rakhine , bringing in the military to help restore order . Reports of further attacks in Rakhine have "  substantially decreased " in the past couple of the weeks , the U.N. report said Friday . But tensions between the two communities remain high , it said , noting government estimates that 55,000 people have been displaced at this point . The strained relationship between Buddhists and Muslims is making humanitarian efforts more difficult , the United Nations added . Rakhine is home to the Rohingya , an ethnic Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted by the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Hundreds of Rohingyas have tried to cross the border into neighboring Bangladesh to flee the sectarian violence . Will vice president 's exit boost Myanmar 's reform efforts ? CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	NEW : Doctors Without Borders says five of its staff members are being detained Authorities in Myanmar 's Rakhine state are holding aid workers for "  questioning " The United Nations is waiting for a formal response from the government on the matter Scores of people have died from violence between Muslims and Buddhists in Rakhine
CNN  -- Kay and Mike Alexander 's journey to obesity is a familiar road for many married couples . Neither was overweight when they met on a coffee break at work . Nor were they obese when they cut their wedding cake , iced with an image of Star Trek 's USS Enterprise . But over time , working and raising foster children in Kalamazoo , Michigan , the pounds added up . "  I put on about five to 10 pounds per year for 20 years , " Kay Alexander says . At age 55 , she says she was "  one blood test away from being diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes , " when she started having chest pains . Remembering that her father died of a heart attack when he was only 55 , she went to the hospital . There , a doctor told her she too had had a heart attack -- one that , without medical attention , would have left her with only hours to live . "  That was the big trigger , " she says . At 5 feet , 4 inches tall , she was closing in on 300 pounds . She knew she had to lose weight , but also knew from experience that dieting was n't the answer . Her husband , whose body mass index had increased from 23 to 34 since graduating college , agreed . So instead of cutting their portion sizes down to starvation rations , the Alexanders decided to rely on their training as chemical engineers . They began tinkering with recipes to see if they could reduce the calorie counts of their favorite foods . "  We put our food on a diet , " says Kay Alexander . "  Dilution is the solution to pollution . That  theory  does n't work for environmental engineering in the long run , but does work for food . " The Alexanders ' strategy is a powerful one , says Rachel Berman , director of nutrition for Caloriecount.com , a site Kay Alexander used to calculate calorie totals for her new recipes . Berman , also a registered dietician , uses the Alexanders ' approach in counseling and has seen patients experiment with it in their homes . "  Deprivation does not work in the long run , " she says . "  And Kay and Mike are a great example of how to turn this into a lifestyle change . " It took four or five months of experimenting to re-engineer some of their favorite recipes and start losing weight , according to Mike Alexander . The key to the new recipes , says his wife , was minimizing the amount of carbohydrates and maximizing the amount of vegetables . "  A lot of what we did was kind of tricking the mind and stomach , " she says . "  For every food we took out , I tried to put one new one in . " They reinvented many of their favorite dishes , such as mashed potatoes , substituting cauliflower for the potatoes . They traded the white rice in chicken stir-fry for high-fiber pita wraps . They even replaced the pasta in baked spaghetti with a self-invented broccoli slaw . Over the next year and a half , Kay Alexander lost more than 130 pounds . Mike Alexander lost 65 . "  We 're still trying to do cookies and treats that are low-calorie , " he says . "  She has a meringue cookie that 's 4 or 5 calories . We believe food companies should engineer their foods to be low-calorie , like we 've done . " By using a scientific approach , the couple turned weight loss into a project they could work on together . Before they started experimenting with recipes , Mike Alexander did most of the cooking from boxed foods . Now they collaborate on recipes ; she does most of the cooking and he handles the cleanup . "  It was part intellectual and part doing it , " he says . "  It was really good for our marriage . " In addition to counting calories , Kay Alexander exercised more . She started out wearing a pedometer . Over time , her steps increased from 3,500 per day to about 17,000 . "  The amount I now walk  almost makes me like an Amish person , " she jokes . Exercise significantly increased Kay Alexander 's energy level , says Taylor Rose , 19 , who calls the Alexanders her grandparents . She describes her grandmother as a health nut , and says she enjoys going shopping with her now because the older woman does n't have to stop every few minutes to catch her breath . "  We can share clothes now , " she says . "  I love that . " Kay Alexander is retired ; her husband will join her in about six years . He 's glad he chose to drop the weight slowly because it is more indicative of a successful lifestyle change than a diet . He knows retirement will expose him to more chances to eat poorly and excessively . "  I 'm trying to develop how I 'm going to keep  the weight  off , " he says . Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	The Alexanders became obese over a 20-year period They re-engineered recipes to make their favorite foods lower-calorie The couple have lost almost 200 pounds combined
CNN  -- While many teenagers will be focusing on opening presents and eating turkey , this Christmas Day Jessica Watson will be poring over weather maps . After circumnavigating the globe by herself at the age of just 16 , it would be easy to presume that a 628-nautical-mile race would not faze the sailor . But the Australian teen is not taking any chances when she enters the Rolex Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race , beginning on December 26 . Now aged 18 , Watson will skipper the youngest-ever crew in the ocean race . "  We 've ticked all the boxes " , says Watson . "  This last week is all about keeping your cool . " Watson became the youngest person ever to sail around the world non-stop and unassisted last year . Her 23,000-nautical-mile journey came to an end in Sydney Harbor amid much fanfare . Thousands of people lined the foreshore to greet her , leisure boats sailed through the heads alongside her and she was officially welcomed home by the then Prime Minister Kevin Rudd . Sydney : Making the most of Australia 's ` harbor city ' It is in the same harbor where the celebrations took place that the Rolex Sydney to Hobart will start next week . Watson will skipper "  Another Challenge , " one of 89 boats in the fleet this year . "  Round-the-world is all about slow and steady and keeping your head together for the 200-plus days , " says Watson . This race provides a completely different challenge of leading a team , where the average age is only 19 . With all competitors required to be aged 18 and over , Watson only just qualifies . "  We learned a lot in the practice run -- it 's all about communicating . When the communication goes well , we sail really well , " she says . The crew of 10 -- four women and six men -- comes from both sides of the globe , with its members a mix of the best young talent from Australia and Britain . Despite their age Watson insists they have the experience , with two already having competed in the event previously . Some of the crew come from racing backgrounds and the skipper says others have clocked up a huge amount of offshore miles in their relatively short lives . But Watson is under no illusion about how challenging the race can be . The course takes the fleet down the south-east coast of Australia and across the treacherous Tasman Sea . The conditions are notoriously demanding . In 1998 six crew lost their lives at sea when rough weather hit . "  Our number-one goal is to finish the race , " Watson says . The sailor is well aware of the race 's reputation of being tough . "  You train for these sorts of things , " she adds . "  We 've done endless amounts of overboard drills . " Volvo Ocean Race : Conquering the ` Everest of sailing ' Watson and her crew have been in intensive training for the race since October . For six days a week they have combined fitness work with on-the-water training . Watson says sailing down to Hobart and back last month gave them the confidence they need going into the race . "  We had quite a lot of tough conditions , which we wanted , and everyone held up well . " All eyes will be on the record-holding supermaxi "  Wild Oates XI , " vying for her sixth title , to take line honors . However , Watson 's presence ensures "  Another Challenge " will also be one of the yachts that will be closely monitored by the sporting world as she heads down the coast . The young crew will be competing in the Sydney 38 class , and while their main aim is to finish the event , they are well aware that it is a race . "  It 's tough but we are hoping to be as competitive as possible , we 've put the hard yards in , " says Watson . The final touches of their preparations will be made on Sunday , Christmas Day , when Watson and her crew will join the competitors for the traditional barbeque lunch at the yacht club . It may not be a normal Christmas for the average teenager , but for someone who has spent most of her 18 years on the water , Watson gives the impression she would n't have it any other way .	Jessica Watson will skipper the youngest ever crew in this year 's Rolex Sydney to Hobart Last year , aged 16 , she sailed around the world alone Watson is 18 years old , with the average age of her crew 19 They 'll take part in the 628-nautical-mile race down the south-east Australian coast
CNN  -- There are 3,626 songs in my music library . Some are played every day , others just a few times a year . There are songs that remind me of relationships I 've royally screwed up  Hoobastank 's "  The Reason "  and a few on my iPhone that were clearly DWIs -- downloaded while intoxicated  think Huey Lewis and the News , circa 1985  . But despite the wide range of emotions triggered by my 3,626 songs , I typically do n't have a problem listening to any of them at any given time . Except for four : "  Run It , " "  Forever , " "  With You " and "  Kiss Kiss . " Have n't played them since last winter . For those of you a little slow on the pop culture uptake , these are all songs by Chris Brown , the R&B singer who back in February assaulted his then-girlfriend , singer Rihanna , was sentenced to 180 days of community service , and now , eight months later , wants us to download his new music . And forgive him . "  Honestly , I would just like to get past it , " Brown recently told Rolling Stone . "  At the end of the day , I 'm sorry for what I did , whatever it is . " This week , Brown headlines his first concert since the assault , the next step in revitalizing his image . As a one-time fan , there 's a part of me that would like to get back to playing his music and get back to the party . But the last three words of that sentence just wo n't let me do it . "  Whatever it is " does n't sound like the words of a man who has done some serious soul searching . Rather , "  whatever it is " sounds like the words of a man trained by his lawyers or marketing team to offer up a public admission of wrongdoing while avoiding linking his name to unpleasant phrases such as "  domestic violence " and "  physical assault . " It 's the same avoidance we saw during his interview with CNN 's Larry King . The reason why I am having a tough time moving on -- and thus playing Brown 's music again -- is because he does n't appear willing to say exactly what we 're supposed to be moving on from . He 's trying to speak up while remaining silent , which makes me wonder if he 's sorry for what he did , or sorry he got caught . I 'm not saying Brown is a terrible person . I 'm not saying he does n't still love Rihanna . And I 'm certainly am not trying to dictate when someone should be forgiven . But I am having a hard time hearing his voice over a dance beat right now . And I am having difficulties singing along to lyrics such as "  I wo n't let you fall girl " knowing that 's not all together true . We 're all human , capable of making some terrible mistakes . I certainly have done some things I am not proud of and likely will do more things that fall short of being admirable . But when the nation 's domestic violence 24-hour hot lines are receiving 14 calls a minute , "  whatever it is " just rubs me the wrong way . Any PR guru will tell you it 's nice to have the public forgive your sins , but it 's even better to have them forget . Forgetting starts with redirecting the conversation and distancing yourself from the controversy , and it appears that is exactly what Brown is trying to do . He does n't want to be thought of as a perpetrator . He does n't want to be linked to criminal behavior . He just wants to move on . I do , too . But reality wo n't let me . Multiple studies show that nearly 2 million women are victims of domestic violence annually , and with the added tension fueled by a hurting economy , some crisis centers are seeing an increase of cases . I can remember women in my neighborhood , and even in my own family , trying to cover up bruises they believed they deserved for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time . "  He 's a good man , " is what they would say to each other , as if it was encouragement . And we all know this is n't just an issue that affects the everyday family . It was just a year ago this week the mother , brother and 7-year-old nephew of Jennifer Hudson were killed , allegedly by her sister 's estranged husband . Prosecutors believe he shot them in a jealous rage because Hudson 's sister was dating someone else . Also a year ago this month , Soul Train creator Don Cornelius was arrested on charges of domestic violence . This fall , actor Tom Sizemore was arrested on charges of domestic violence -- again . It 's an ongoing problem , and yet culturally it does n't feel that way . Culturally it feels as if we treat it like a private matter , an aspect of the couple 's relationship that should be determined by the two of them . Culturally , it does n't even feel like it 's a crime , with generations being spoon fed images of Ricky Ricardo spanking Lucy or hearing Ralph Kramden threaten to knock Alice to the moon . When the incident first occurred , some fans assumed Rihanna did something and thus deserved the assault , underscoring the sentiment that it 's less of a crime and more of a fight between lovers . To his credit , Brown is donating a portion of the proceeds from the fan appreciation tour he is doing next month to a Los Angeles , California , based nonprofit that helps victims of domestic violence . A nice gesture that , unfortunately , is somewhat undermined by the bravado spewing from his latest single , "  I 'll Transform Ya , " which brags about him being a great catch . Talk about disconnects . I guess this is why there are 3,626 songs in my music library and not 3,622 . I have n't deleted the four songs by Brown from my music library because there 's a part of me that understands this dialogue is way bigger than the incident that surrounds a 20-year-old kid . Hopefully Brown really is a changed person , who , over time , will continue to use his fame to bring public awareness to the dangers of domestic violence . There 's a part of me that wants to play his music again , rejoin the party , and yeah , move on . Just not yet . Right now I still have the images of a battered Rihanna in my head , so you 'll have to forgive me if I do n't feel like dancing to the songs of the person who did it . "  Whatever it is " he did . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says he ca n't listen to the Chris Brown songs in his music library -- yet Author wonders if Brown is sorry for assaulting Rihanna , or sorry he got caught Granderson says Brown wants people to move on , yet wo n't say what we 're supposed to move on from He 'd like to see Brown use fame to bring public awareness to dangers of domestic violence .
Incoming Texas Gov. Greg Abbott said Monday he expects to legally challenge President Barack Obama 's new immigration action "  in the next two weeks . " Abbott , currently the attorney general in Texas , said he 's reaching out to other governors and top state attorneys about joining the expected lawsuit . "  Our constitutional structure does not work when our president is untethered from the law . That is what has happened here , " he said at a news conference Monday . Abbott 's charge against Obama 's executive order limiting deportations has vaulted the Republican onto the national stage , giving him a lead role on a prominent issue just as he prepares to replace outgoing Gov. Rick Perry . RELATED : Virginia 's Ken Cuccinelli on immigration lawsuit : ` Take it slow ' He accused Obama on Monday of violating the Constitution 's requirement that the president faithfully execute laws passed by Congress , and said Obama 's move is dangerous because it paves the way for future presidential candidates to claim , for instance , that they would waive penalties for Americans who did n't pay taxes . He said the attorney general 's office is currently conducting "  research and analysis " on a legal challenge and is contacting other states with status updates . Oklahoma officials have already said they expect to sue , and others -- including Indiana Gov. Mike Pence -- have said they 're considering joining the challenge , as well . He said a 2012 Obama order deferring the deportation of "  dreamers " -- undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children , who would have gained legal status under a bill dubbed the "  DREAM Act " that never became law -- led to "  millions of dollars in costs to schools , to law enforcement , to health care " in Texas . "  If history repeats itself even in the slightest , Texas will once again sustain consequences from the president 's executive order , " Abbott said .	Texas Gov.-elect Greg Abbott says the state is preparing to challenge President Obama 's immigration order in court Abbott says he 's reaching out to other states and expects to file a lawsuit "  in the next two weeks " The Republican has seized a prominent role leading the charge against Obama 's executive order
Parris Island , South Carolina  CNN  -- Charles Burns steadies himself , using the arms of his wheelchair , before pushing up into a standing position . His wife , Lisa , places a firm hand under his frail arm , helping him to his feet . Once upright , Charles places his hand across his heart as the band plays the national anthem at Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island , the training facility for all Marine recruits east of the Mississippi River . The former chief petty officer in the Navy , who served a one-year tour of duty as a crew member on patrols along the Mekong River Delta in South Vietnam during that war , had just one wish for Father 's Day -- to watch his son , Ryan , graduate from Marine Corps boot camp . On Friday , his wish came true . "  I 've done this trip a million times in my mind , " he said . Vets : There is no shame in not being Superman The 65-year-old Navy veteran is dying , making last week 's feat bittersweet . But not even a series of strokes , diabetes and heart failure would stop him from making the 1,000-mile trek from Rockland , Massachusetts , to Parris Island , South Carolina , to see his boy . "  I promised him I would n't die unless he got out here with his uniform , in one piece , and that he earned it , " he said . "  Outside of that , my commitment is just being a father . I 'm happy it turned out the way it is . " With help from the Norwell Visiting Nurses Association and Hospice , and on-site medical assistance available from the Marines in case an issue arose , Charles was able to see his son 's big day in person . "  Ryan , " he said , pausing . "  He 's an amazing kid . There is n't anything he 's done , or will do , that he does n't excel in . " Following a stroke in 1998 , Charles ' health forced him to retire from his post as a power lineman for Boston Edison , the electric company serving the Boston area . By the time Ryan enlisted in the Marines last fall , his father had already spent six months in the hospital in need of treatment for heart failure . That and diabetes rule him out for a heart transplant . He entered hospice care in September . Ryan left for boot camp in April . Charles smiles in pride as Ryan 's Platoon 2053 , Hotel Company , 2nd Recruit Training Battalion passes his front-row perch in the covered stands , while a weeping Lisa buries her face in a tear-soaked tissue . "  Every child , whether it 's a boy or a girl , when they say they want to be a Marine , or want to be something other than just a civilian , that means a lot to me , " he said . Scores of family members rush onto the concrete parade grounds after the ceremony concludes . Among the crowd is Charles , who is pushed by Lisa toward Ryan as he emerges from the crowd . "  There he is , " yells Lisa . Ryan , dressed in full uniform , quick-steps toward his parents and throws his arms around his father . The two share a long , quiet embrace before Ryan hugs his crying mother . "  Amazing . Loving and fate-filled amazing , " Lisa said about attending graduation . Military service is a Burns tradition . Charles joined the Navy following high school in 1965 . Ryan 's grandfather served in the Army during World War II . Ryan , now 20 , was a fourth-grader when he first decided he wanted to join the military after watching the 9/11 attacks . Then , 12 weeks ago , he answered the call of duty when he left for boot camp . It 's mission accomplished for Ryan , now an official U.S. Marine , and his terminally ill father . "  Me and my dad had a bet . When I came here to Parris Island , it was ` I 'll finish boot camp as long as you make it to my graduation . ' So we both had mission accomplished . And we 're here today . So I could n't ask for anything more , " he said . Ryan said he does n't know what keeps his father going , adding that he was humbled to have "  that much support " from his family . "  He 's definitely the strongest will-powered man I know . There 's no fight he has n't been able to overcome . He 's never given up , " Ryan said . "  He 's my hero . " As for Charles , he draws strength from his wife and son , and is taking life one day at a time . "  Have a little pride in yourself . And stick to it , whatever it is . Do n't let up , even if you fail . Tomorrow you can start again , " he said . Justices dismiss law making lying about military honors a crime	Charles Burns , 65 , entered hospice care in September His dying wish was to see his son , Ryan , become a Marine Charles Burns made a 1,000-mile trek to see his son graduate on Friday
CNN  -- "  I love you Luke !! " That 's how Ryan Bresette closed a Facebook post on Saturday , a day after his Kansas family -- fresh off a beachfront vacation -- experienced the unthinkable when a display board crashed down on them inside Alabama 's Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport . The crushing weight of the digital sign killed Luke Bresette and left his mother , Heather , in critical condition at a Birmingham hospital , officials said . "  Words can not describe the pain we feel , " Ryan Bresette wrote Saturday on Facebook , urging people attending church to wear sports jerseys to services in tribute to his sports-loving son . "  Thank you all for the love and support . Keep praying and praying and praying . " Posts on what appears to be Anna Bresette 's Twitter page said that her mother , Heather , broke both her ankles and her left pelvis ; her brother Tyler suffered a concussion ; and another brother , Sam , broke his left leg and nose . Justin Cohen , from Children 's of Alabama hospital , told CNN on Saturday night that Tyler and Sam Bresette were in fair condition . "  Seeing all these little kids in the hospital breaks my heart , " Anna Bressette wrote . What caused the large digital sign -- which showed when and where flights were arriving to and departing -- to collapse around 1:30 p.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  Friday ? On Saturday , authorities still did n't know . "  Birmingham Airport Authority  President and CEO Al Denson and the staff are continuing to work with officials to investigate , " said Gaynell Hendricks , the chairwoman of the authority 's board . "  This includes discussions with contractors , subcontractors that are responsible for the modernization of the ... airport . " The incident happened in a new part of the airport , in a public area before security checkpoints . According to CNN affiliate WVTM , the area opened up March 13 and includes a covered parking deck , children 's play area , eating establishments , a new baggage system and other features . Larry Snyder was riding up the escalator when he saw the display board fall , telling CNN affiliate WIAT that one family was especially affected . "  The family was crushed , little kids crushed underneath the sign . And everybody was scattering to lift it up , " Snyder said , adding that he was among those who helped . Video footage showed people sweeping up the area and a cut-out spot along a wall with protruding wires , where the sign once stood . Whatever the reason , it was clear the Overland Park , Kansas , family was in the wrong place at the wrong time . Birmingham Mayor William Bell said he 'd met with Luke 's father , describing him as a "  heartbroken " man who "  wants and deserves answers . " "  I can not come close to understanding his heartache , " the mayor said in a statement . "  But I will get answers . " Luke Bresette was a fifth grader at St. Thomas More , a Catholic school in Kansas City , Missouri , according to CNN affiliate KCTV . Father Don Farnan , a priest of the affiliated parish , described him as a "  normal kid " who 'd been on the city champion basketball team and was always at Mass on Sunday mornings . "  He lived a good moral life , " Farnan told the Kansas City station . "  He was shaped with the behaviors and the attitudes and the strength of what helps make society a good one . " In the days prior , Ryan Bresette had put up several messages and photos on Facebook about the family 's vacation in Destin , Florida -- including several showing two of his sons playing in the Gulf water , with no one else in sight . His post Saturday , by contrast , reflected his grief and affection for his late son . "  I miss and love Luke so very much . " CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Two brothers of the boy killed are in fair condition at an Alabama hospital NEW : The late boy 's parish priest calls him "  a normal kid " who "  lived a good moral life " A flight display board falls on a family at the airport in Birmingham , Alabama Birmingham 's mayor promises , "  I will get answers " as to why this happened
As far as bodies of water go , lakes are easily the most overlooked . Even hot tubs get more press . Maybe it 's the large shadows cast by the mountain peaks that often surround them , or that needy ocean always crashing about and waving for attention , but lakes do n't get the rave reviews they deserve . Lakes , of course , are cool with not being the center of attention . They 're content to sit placidly , waiting to welcome the kinds of guests that truly appreciate the quiet lure of their wild surroundings and the luxury lodges often found upon their shores . The lodges below do a particularly good job of showing why lakes deserve to be in the discussion of great vacation retreats . Casa Palopo  Lake Atitlan , Guatemala Unsung , unspoiled and with room for only a handful of guests , Casa Palopo overlooks Guatemala 's volcano-embellished Lake Atitlan . Villa interiors match the vivid colors associated with Guatemalan culture , with handwoven textiles and brightly painted walls throughout . Guests are served a traditional Guatemalan breakfast of black beans , eggs and plantains on the villas ' private terraces , which offer prime views of the lake 's three volcanoes -- Toliman , Atitlan and San Pedro . There are no TVs here -- all you can hear are the breeze and the birds -- but Wi-Fi is available to facilitate the endless Instagrammable moments . Guests can take a boat from the Casa 's private dock to visit the lakeside town of San Juan , where Mayan women dye and weave traditional textiles . Prime perk : The hotel 's helipad is available if you want to fly in via chopper , allowing you to get stunning views of the rolling landscape . Casa Palopo , Carretera a San Antonio Palopo , km 6.8 , San Antonio Palopo , Guatemala ; +50277622270 ; from $ 140 per night Lake Timara Lodge  Marlborough , New Zealand For intimacy it 's hard to beat the four-room Lake Timara Lodge , located in New Zealand 's premier wine region . Country-style rooms with 1920s decor overlook the lake , Richmond Range mountains or 25-acre gardens -- you can pick your preferred vista . A short walk away , nine varieties of grapes are waiting to be tasted at the 400-acre Spy Valley Winery . The region 's sauvignon blanc is particularly famous . The chef 's menu includes fresh fish from the Marlborough Sounds , lobster , lamb and herbs from the lodge 's garden . Rowboats are available for a lap around the lake and there 's a tennis court on the grounds . Prime perk : Four-course garden-to-table meals are paired with wine from Timara 's backyard winery or local vintages from its sizable cellar . Lake Timara Lodge , Dog Point Road , RD 2 , Marlborough , New Zealand ; +64 3 572 8276 ; from $ 550 per person per night Moraine Lake Lodge  Banff National Park , Canada In-room TVs and phones are a no-go at the Moraine Lake Lodge in Canada 's Rocky Mountains , so if you 're ready to disconnect and bask in the beauty of Banff , this is the place . Cabin-chic premier rooms come with jetted Jacuzzi tubs , wood-burning fireplaces and private balconies overlooking the piercing glacial blue of Moraine Lake . Lodge staff leave wood and kindling refills outside your door . The dining room is known for being one of Banff National Park 's top spots for gourmet food , offering dishes like fresh elk or buffalo carpaccio with roasted pine nuts . Prime perk : Rates include a lake view breakfast buffet , canoeing and guided hikes with a resident naturalist -- the Banff Upper Hot Springs are within easy reach for a soak . Moraine Lake Lodge , Moraine Lake Road , Alberta , Canada ; +1 4035223733 ; Open June 1-September 30 ; from $ 500 per night Mirror Lake Inn  Lake Placid , New York You can tell a lot about a property by the way it greets its guests . At the 125-year-old Mirror Lake Inn -- which housed Olympic athletes who came to the Adirondack area for the Winter Games in both 1932 and 1980 -- house-made chocolate chip cookies come with your room key . Guests enjoy lake views through floor-to-ceiling windows from private balconies , where the scent of fresh wood smoke hangs in the air . Dining is as first-rate as the views . The Mirror Lake Inn brings in bacon cured at local farms and herbs are picked from the backyard garden . In summer , canoes , kayaks , paddleboats and rowboats are available from the inn . In winter , staff can set up a biathlon range  cross-country skiing plus target shooting  lesson for you . Prime perk : Former Olympic runs are open for winter guests who want to take a slide down the bobsled or luge tracks , or ski Whiteface Mountain . Mirror Lake Inn , 77 Mirror Lake Drive ; +1 5185232544 ; from $ 239 per night Hotel Royal Victoria  Lake Como , Italy If it feels like Hotel Royal Victoria is fit for a queen , that 's because it is -- Queen Victoria slept in the property 's Varenna villa in 1838 and the place was renamed in her honor . Rooms have been modernized to accommodate today 's regal traveler , offering perks like a two-person chromotherapy shower , Wi-Fi and minibar , but the hotel 's 19th-century soul remains . Lakefront suites feature a lounge area , fireplace and balcony with cafe-style table and chairs . Nearby , Varenna 's Castello di Vizio is a medieval castle turned falcon sanctuary . You can also wander the nearby tiered terrace garden at Villa Cipressi . Hotel Royal Victoria is also a stop on the Walking Italian Lakes Tour organized by VBT Bicycling and Walking Vacations , which will take you to a Coiromonte farm to savor fresh cheese and to Sacro Monte di Varese , a gorgeous 17th-century church . Prime perk : The hotel offers full-day wine excursions to Valtellina , where you can taste wines made from dried Nebbiolo grapes . Hotel Royal Victoria , Piazza S. Giorgio , 2 , Varenna , Italy ; +390341815111 ; from $ 112 per night Explora Patagonia  Chile If Patagonia is the leader in lakefront landscapes , then Explora in Chile 's portion of the Andes is its crown jewel . Located in the heart of Torres del Paine National Park , rooms at the all-inclusive Explora lodge overlook the shores of Lake Pehoe and open up to vistas of the Cordillera del Paine mountain ridge , or the famed Salto Chico waterfall . Designed for silence and simplicity , rooms come with Wi-Fi and expansive windows that sub in for TVs . The lodge 's Ona Bathhouses have four open-air Jacuzzis offering views of the lake and mountain peaks . Meals at the lodge are five-star and fixed to personal tastes , including Chilean wine pairings with meals . Staff will help you pick from more than 50 day trips and send you out trekking , hiking or horseback riding with trained guides through ancient forests , gaucho territory or the Southern Ice Fields . Prime perk : There 's a heated , covered pool -- swims can be followed with an essential oil massage . Explora Patagonia , Salto Chico , Chile ; + 56 2 2395 2800 ; from $ 3,000 for four nights Vila Bled  Lake Bled , Slovenia Once home to former Yugoslavian leader Marshal Josip Tito , Vila Bled is now a lakeside hideaway offering some of the best views around Slovenia 's iconic Lake Bled . The Presidential Suite  Tito 's former apartment  is on the top floor of the villa and has two bedrooms , a living room and a study , plus two bathrooms and a massage tub . Classic rooms also have balconies overlooking the lake and 17th-century church on Lake Bled Island . The villa 's restaurant offers Slovenian and international cuisine . For lighter fare -- like custard cream cake kremna rezina -- there 's Belvedere Cafe , where Tito used to throw tea parties . Vila Bled has its own private boathouse and lakeside lido for soaking up the sun . Guests can go canoeing , rafting or mountaineering in the Julian Alps , or hop in a hot air balloon for a more panoramic perspective . Prime perk : With the hotel 's "  Tell Us How to Pamper You " button , guests can quickly have their needs answered to . Vila Bled , Cesta svobode 26 , Bled , Slovenia ; +386  0  4 575 37 10 ; from $ 219 per night	Televisions and phones ? You wo n't find them in the rooms at Moraine Lake Lodge in Banff Visitors can take a helicopter in and out of Casa Palopo on Lake Atitlan , Guatemala The Olympic ski runs near Mirror Lake Inn at Lake Placid , New York , are open to guests during winter Vila Bled in Slovenia has a "  tell us how to pamper you " button that you can use to submit requests
Guatemala City  CNN  -- A week ago , the genocide trial of former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt appeared headed to a historic conclusion . Today , it is at a standstill , the result of procedural missteps that have cast uncertainty over the process . The country 's Constitutional Court on Tuesday began to answer some of the legal questions that are holding up the trial . But the biggest one -- whether the trial proceedings will be annulled -- remains to be clarified . Guatemala confronts a dark chapter The court ruled that the case file must be transferred from the judge who was overseeing the trial to another judge who at one time had been on the case but was removed . The new judge in charge of the case , Carol Patricia Flores , is the same judge who last week ruled that all of the testimony heard in the trial is annulled and that the proceedings should revert to a pretrial phase . The plaintiffs appealed that ruling and are awaiting the decision of the Constitutional Court . The charges against Rios Montt , who ruled Guatemala from 1982 to 1983 , are considered historic because it is the first time a former head of state has been tried for genocide by the country 's own justice system . Rios Montt and his then-intelligence chief , Mauricio Rodriguez Sanchez , are accused of responsibility in the killings of more than 1,700 indigenous Ixil Mayans . Rios Montt 's defense has argued that the leader never ordered the extermination of the Ixil . For more than three weeks , the trial moved at a fast pace under judge Yassmin Barrios , with dozens of witnesses testifying each day . Dozens of Ixil Mayans told of brutal killings and rapes that they suffered , stories that often left those watching the proceedings with their jaws dropped . Rios Montt 's attorneys presented their case , too , saying there is no record anywhere of him ordering the killings of Ixil . The Mayan subgroup was not singled out for its ethnicity , the lawyers said . The trial was nearing closing arguments when Flores put the brakes on it with her ruling on the invalidity of the testimony . The three-judge Supreme Court panel overseeing the proceedings had pushed forward with the trial despite unresolved objections to procedures in lower courts . Flores ruled that because all of the issues at the lower courts had not been settled , the current proceedings were invalid . Judge nullifies testimony in Guatemala genocide trial The case is back in Flores ' hands , but until the Constitutional Court rules on the appeal , it is not a certainty that the case will revert to its pretrial phase . It is still possible that the trial will pick up where it left off , but with Flores now as judge . Other related rulings that the Constitutional Court handed down on Tuesday , however , point to how complicated untangling the legal web is . The court ruled that the trial court had erred by dismissing one of Rios Montt 's attorneys during the first day of the trial . The Constitutional Court also said the court erred by ordering lawyers for Rios Montt 's co-defendant to defend the former leader , too . Rios Montt came to power in a coup and led a military junta while Guatemala was in a bloody civil war between the army and leftist guerrillas . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . CNN 's Mariano Castillo wrote this story and contributed from Atlanta . Journalist Miguel Salay reported from Guatemala City .	Guatemala 's Constitutional Court orders genocide case to new judge The new judge had previously annulled the proceedings That decision is now being appealed at the Constitutional Court
CNN  In 2011 , journalists flocked to Kinshasa , the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , to cover the presidential election and the violence leading up to the vote . Photographer Leonard Pongo had different plans . "  I could have focused on the election , but I chose to follow people around , " Pongo said . "  I wanted to experience what life in the country was like ... to understand another side of those events -- not those usually reported , but one that was much more personal . " It was Pongo 's burning personal quest that brings us "  The Uncanny , " a black-and-white series that helps us experience the Congo in flesh and blood . These rich portraitures and compositions of Pongo 's family members give us a vivid emotion of what it is like to be human as your country spirals into chaos . It is also a photographic detour from the cliche images of the Congo -- a subtler but deeply psychological representation of how war affects daily lives . War is something only experienced marginally by Pongo , who was born and raised in Belgium to a Belgian mother and a Congolese father . Stories of the Congo were narratives whispered into his European upbringing . "  I had never been , " to Congo , he said . "  It was a latent desire I had for a very long time to go there . I do n't feel particularly drawn to Belgium ... but going  to Congo  made me feel even more lost . " Connecting with his family in the Congo , the photographer attended baptisms and weddings , exorcisms and political rallies . Everywhere he looked , he felt a challenge to his core beliefs as he went down his DNA chain . "  I felt very challenged in my identity , sometimes as a ` white , ' others as a ` black ' person , " Pongo said . "  This led to many conflicts , internal and external ; many arguments ; and it also directed the way I photographed . " While feeling the warm welcome of his family , Pongo still felt a certain reticence when they looked at the camera . Their trust was not always unshakable , and that state of awareness become synonymous with the Congo . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . He uses a photo of a family reunion -- the first in the gallery above -- as an example . "  I find that photo a little disturbing , because all the gazes are going into different directions , " Pongo said . "  There are clearly some mixed emotions here . And that is the DRC . It is a very complex country , and it is not always easy to read which signs are being communicated . There is a state of tension and confusion . " Working with the approach of an artisan , Pongo plays with light to create a certain magic in the aura of the people he portrays . It is a useful tool in a place with so many contrasts . "  I like to remain loyal to the principles of film development and darkrooms , " said Pongo , who shot "  The Uncanny " on a digital camera . "  The light is a combination of using flashes and taking advantage of the amazing presence of the sun . The humid atmosphere , fog and dust renders some interesting possibilities ... like a natural filter . " Pongo went back in 2013 and said his journey through the country is not over yet . "  I think I reached my objective , to embed into the daily life in the Congo , which clearly transformed me , " he said . "  I was allowed into the life of people who were former strangers ... and got a deeper understanding of what daily life in the Congo could feel like . "  I was also deeply impressed to discover how much life there is in this country , how much more there is to discover , how complex it is to understand , and how much work that will require . " Leonard Pongo is a photographer from Belgium . You can follow him on Tumblr .	Photographer Leonard Pongo documented daily life in the Democratic Republic of the Congo The African country has struggled over the years with civil war and election violence
New York  CNN  -- The administration of President Barack Obama proposed Friday a change to immigration rules meant to cut the time undocumented spouses and children of U.S. citizens are separated from their families while they seek legal status . Most immigrants living in the United States illegally who marry U.S. citizens or are children of U.S. citizens are eligible for green cards , which allow them to live and work in the country permanently . Under current law , however , they must apply for visas from their home countries while being barred re-entry for three to 10 years , depending how long they lived in the United States without documentation . Families affected by this Catch-22 can petition the government to allow them back into the United States before the time period has elapsed by asking for a waiver and proving that prolonged separation would cause a U.S. citizen to suffer extreme hardship . Under the proposed rule change , qualifying illegal immigrants could remain in the United States while they apply for that waiver and as the government decides whether to grant it . Immigrants who obtain the waiver would still be required to leave the United States to apply for a visa , but would be all but guaranteed the possibility of a quick return . The new rule could reduce separations from years to weeks or months and would represent a huge step forward in streamlining the process of obtaining waivers for undocumented immigrants married to U.S. citizens , U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Director Alejandro Mayorkas told reporters . Last year , USCIS received some 23,000 waiver applications . Mayorka said that number would have been higher were it not for the current policy , which can result in indefinite and prolonged separations . "  They 're unwilling to risk the extreme hardship to a U.S. citizen relative by virtue of lengthy separations , " he said . "  We may well not see waiver applications from people who would otherwise qualify . " Mayorka stressed that the standards used to establish eligibility for a hardship waiver will not change . But , according to Ira Mehlman , with the Federation of American Immigration Reform , which seeks to reduce the number of immigrants , that does n't make the proposal more acceptable . "  The bar re-entry rule was established as a deterrent to people violating immigration law -- that coming illegally could result in long-term denial back to the U.S. , " Mehlman told CNN after the proposed rule was announced . "  The administration is undermining this important deterrent . " Supporters of the rule applauded the administration 's effort to cut red tape and reunite families . "  This evens the playing field , " said David Leopold , former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association . "  I think it is going to encourage people who are undocumented to come out . " The proposed change is open for public comment .	The proposal is meant to cut the time families are separated It would allow some immigrants to remain in the U.S. while they apply for a waiver The rule would undermine an important deterrent , an opponent says
CNN  -- Coinciding with this season 's flu outbreak is an upsurge of another illness that can be dangerous , even deadly , especially for infants : respiratory syncytial virus  RSV  . While most parents are familiar with the flu , many have never heard of RSV . It 's the same virus that is the leading cause of the common cold -- and infects almost all children by age 2 . "  The vast majority of kids who get RSV just have cold symptoms and get better , " says Dr. Robert Wiskind , Georgia president of the American Academy of Pediatrics . "  A minority of them develop bronchiolitis  an inflammation of tiny air passages in the lungs specific to babies and young children  -- and a very small percentage have significant problems . " When RSV attacks the lungs , it is particularly dangerous for newborns and babies born prematurely . Pneumonia and other bronchial complications can set in quickly . RSV and other winter worries It is an age-old , recurring illness -- most adults have been exposed countless times . Subsequent RSV infections usually are not as severe as the first . RSV , which generally circulates from late fall into the early spring , is out there with a myriad of other stuff floating around right now : Human metapneumovirus  hMPV  , adenovirus and parainfluenza , all common respiratory viruses , and pertussis , the bacterial disease that causes whooping cough . Since patients often are treated without being tested , it 's hard to know what 's what . "  Just in general , when we look at cough and respiratory symptoms , there 's a lot of overlap , " said Dr. Susan Gerber , an epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  . "  A lot of times , unless there is rigorous laboratory testing , you may not know the cause . " Vitamin D in pregnancy may protect infants from virus With no official reporting of RSV , year-to-year comparisons are difficult to gauge except to say spikes are typical this time of year . In Boston , a city hit hard by the flu , Massachusetts General Hospital has more than 175 cases of RSV on the record so far this season . At the three pediatric hospitals that make up Children 's Heathcare of Atlanta , some 545 youngsters have been treated for RSV since the beginning of December , according to the group 's clinical microbiologist , Dr. Robert Jerris . Katie Dearborn 's 2-month-old son , Cooper , recently spent three days in an Atlanta hospital . "  I brought him in because he was wheezing and coughing , " she says . "  He had just learned to smile -- and he stopped smiling . He just looked sad . " Wiskind advises , "  You are the best judge of your child -- if it does n't seem right to you , you should bring them in . " Serious symptoms Parents should seek immediate medical attention if their children have any of these symptoms : -- High fever -- Severe cough -- Wheezing -- Difficulty breathing -- Bluish-colored skin on the lips and nail beds RSV spreads much like the flu -- exposure from others who are coughing or sneezing and by direct skin-to-skin contact . The virus can live for hours on contaminated surfaces such as toys . It is most contagious during first few days of infection . Treatment Milder coldlike symptoms can be alleviated with proper humidity , over-the-counter pain relievers , nasal drops and extra fluids . Hospital treatment for serious cases may include antibiotics , IV fluids and humidified oxygen . Medications delivered in a fine mist can relieve wheezing . Cooper Dearborn tested positive for RSV but responded quickly following a procedure to clear his lungs of congestion . "  It was a little scary . I 'm grateful to all of the nurses and doctors who kept me calm , " his mother says . Prevention Parents should take the same precautions for all respiratory illnesses : wash hands , limit contact with others who are sick , do n't smoke and keep surfaces clean . For babies at highest risk -- those born prematurely , with congenital heart or lung disease -- there is one medication to help ward it off : Doctors may administer a series of injections  Palivizumab  as a protective measure . But it 's an expensive treatment not indicated for general use . Preventive actions do pay off , Wiskind says . "  The number of fatalities from RSV has dropped significantly in recent years . " There currently is no vaccine for RSV . But "  we are hopeful , " Gerber says . "  There are multiple candidates for a vaccine in development . "	RSV is caused by the same virus that 's the leading cause of the common cold Most children recover without complications , but some have "  significant problems " Serious cases may require hospitalization
CNN  -- Do n't want the police or your local government to know where you are ? Then put your cell phone in airplane mode or turn it off . Location tracking is inherent in how cell networks function ; otherwise nobody 's cell phone would ring . But new evidence from the American Civil Liberties Union shows that phone location tracking has also become a surprisingly common tool of law-enforcement investigations -- with , but often without , a warrant . The ACLU recently obtained records from over 200 police departments and other law enforcement agencies around the U.S. . They found that "  virtually all " of these agencies track the location of cell phones with data supplied by wireless carriers .  For information on police in your state , check the ACLU 's interactive map , which shows details from responding agencies . Not all states or agencies responded to ACLU 's public-records requests . But do n't the police need a warrant for that ? It varies by state , but carriers generally say they require a court order to release this data . Regardless of these requirements , however , "  Only a tiny minority reported consistently obtaining a warrant and demonstrating probable cause to do so , " said the ACLU . Not surprisingly , the ACLU disapproves of this practice . "  The government should have to obtain a warrant based upon probable cause before tracking cell phones . That is what is necessary to protect Americans ' privacy , and it is also what is required under the Constitution , " states the ACLU on its site . Why would police want to track the current location of a cell phone or the history of where it 's been ? According to the ACLU 's records , investigating crimes was a common and obvious reason cited . Some agencies reported that they track a cell phone 's location only in emergencies , such as to find a missing person -- but others have done this for nonemergency cases . Sometimes police requested data about all phones accessing a certain cell tower , rather than from a specific phone . Fewer than 5 % of agencies reported never tracking a cell phone 's location at all . Depending on where you live , this kind of surveillance may happen a lot . According to the ACLU , "  Many law enforcement agencies track cell phones quite frequently . For example , based on invoices from cell phone companies , it appears that Raleigh , N.C. , tracks hundreds of cell phones a year . The practice is so common that cell phone companies have manuals for police explaining what data the companies store , how much they charge police to access that data , and what officers need to do to get it . " According to these manuals , most carriers require a court order to implement cell phone surveillance -- which can range from data about inbound and outbound calls and text messages , to a detailed report of location history based on cell phone tower data . Costs can range up to several hundred dollars for each request . Of course , that data might point back to the dead end of a "  disposable " prepaid cell phone which can be bought and activated with cash and without identification -- a common strategy for activists , criminals , people in hiding and others with concerns about surveillance . So tracing cell phone data is n't a guarantee that police will find the person or information they 're seeking . As with searching data stored on cell phones taken from people under arrest  something which requires a warrant in some states but not others , like California  , law enforcement officials often contend that obtaining a warrant to track a phone 's location can delay solving a crime or finding a person in danger . But the ACLU found that some police departments -- notably in the county of Hawaii ; Wichita , Kansas ; and Lexington , Kentucky -- appear to have no problem regularly obtaining a warrant when needed to track a phone 's location . This indicates that "  a warrant requirement is a completely reasonable and workable policy , " the ACLU said . "  The government 's location tracking policies should be clear , uniform , and protective of privacy , but instead are in a state of chaos , with agencies in different towns following different rules -- or in some cases , having no rules at all , " the ACLU said . "  It is time for Americans to take back their privacy . " The ACLU 's records request only applied to police requests for user and tower data from carriers . However , there are other ways to track a cell phone 's location which almost anyone can use if you 're willing to pay for it -- and if you can get access to the phone you want to track for long enough to install a bit of software . Several commercially available mobile "  spyware " apps can be surreptitiously installed on a smartphone to track not only its location , but all messages sent and received by any app on the phone  e-mail , instant messaging , etc.  . They record every character you type , and more . These apps disguise their presence and remotely report back to a website where the person who 's doing the spying can log in to see everywhere the phone has been , and everything it 's done . Typically , spyware apps are marketed in a fairly creepy way -- to snoop on spouses or children . But spyware can also help stalkers and other criminals close in on their victims . Spyware is generally legal to sell , but it may not be legal to use . That does n't stop people from using it , of course . It 's unknown whether U.S. state and local law enforcement agencies ever use mobile spyware , but clearly they 're not the only ones who might want to know where you are and what you 're doing . Your best line of defense from mobile spyware is to always protect your phone with a passcode or swipe pattern , even at your office or home . If people ca n't easily access your phone , they ca n't easily install spyware . Requiring warrants for all instances of cell phone tracking and surveillance based on carrier data is one step that the ACLU advocates . This would at least increase transparency and accountability for the practice . But if the police decide they want to know where you 've been , it 's likely that your carrier will tell them , for the right price . And right now , there 's no way to prevent that . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Amy Gahran .	ACLU : Phone location tracking is a common tool of police , often without a warrant Fewer than 5 % of agencies say they 've never tracked a cell phone 's location Most carriers require a court order to implement cell phone surveillance Cell phone companies have manuals for police explaining what data they store
CNN  -- Real Salt Lake sealed an upset win over the Los Angeles Galaxy on Sunday night with a 5-4 penalty victory , after extra-time in the Major League Soccer Cup final that ended with the score at 1-1 . Robbie Russell netted the vital spot kick after Real Salt Lake goalkeeper Nick Rimando made two saves and MLS Most Valuable Player , and LA Galaxy captain , Langdon Donovan sent his shot sailing over the crossbar . Salt Lake 's win at the Qwest Field arena in Seattle , ended David Beckham 's bid to claim a third national title in as many different nations , having previously won the English Premier League with Manchester United and La Liga with Spain 's Real Madrid . The Galaxy struck first , with midfielder Mike Magee drilling a 41st-minute shot into an open net . His strike came after Beckham passed to Donovan , who set-up Magee at the far post . Seattle : America 's soccer city . Real Salt Lake hit back with 25 minutes left when Robbie Findley reacted first after Yuri Movsisyan 's attempt on goal was blocked , tying the match and setting up the penalty shootout . Beckham got the Galaxy off to a good start in the shoot out as he scored with confidence , but his team could not follow in the same manner . Jovan Kirovski 's shot was blocked by Rimando , but Saunders followed by stopping the effort of Salt Lake captain Kyle Beckerman before Donovan blazed over the crossbar to leave the score 5-4 . Galaxy came into the game as favorites , but flattered to deceive as it was revealed Beckham had played with an injured right ankle . "  We all want to win titles and personally I 'd love to be successful but I think we have been successful this year without winning tonight , " Beckham told reporters after the game . "  We have quietened a few people along the way which is always nice but we could n't finish it off . "  I would n't say it 's tougher to lose on penalties but it 's Russian roulette , that 's just the way it is . It 's not a nice way to lose . "  The people that step up are brave enough to step up and if you score , great and if you miss it 's hard to take , but it just was n't our night , " Beckham added . Beckham is due to return to AC Milan in January for another loan spell as he bids to secure a place in England 's World Cup squad for next year 's finals in South Africa . The English midfielder 's future in the U.S. had appeared in doubt earlier in the season when his commitment was called into question following a loan spell with the Italian club during which he had indicated an apparent desire to continue playing in Italy . Beckham had earlier said that playing in Sunday 's final ranked alongside winning the Primera Liga title with Real Madrid in 2003 and a trophy-laden spell at Manchester United that included six English Premier League titles and the 1999 Champions League crown . "  Anytime you reach a certain part of the season , whether it 's being in a cup final or winning leagues , it 's always special , " Beckham said . "  Being involved in finals never gets old . "	Galaxy strike first , with Mike Magee scoring in the 41st minute Robbie Findley nets Real Salt Lake 's only goal as games ends 1-1 Beckham scores in shootout but Galaxy lose 5-4 Beckham is due to return to AC Milan in January on loan
CNN  -- Globalization washes like a flood over the world 's cultures and economies . Floods can be destructive ; however , they can also bring blessings , as the annual floods of the Nile did for ancient Egypt . The world 's great universities can be crucial instruments in shaping , in a positive way , humankind 's reaction to globalization and the development of humankind itself . Traditionally , universities have been defined and limited by location , creating an academic community and drawing students and scholars to that place . Eventually , some universities began to encourage students to study elsewhere for a semester ; today most do . Recently , some -- even those known for their cautiousness about innovation -- have developed "  branch campuses , " or outposts at which graduate or undergraduate degrees are granted . The benefits of globalization are not evenly spread , but it is unalterably part of the landscape , and it is causing the world to miniaturize . The great question is how our institutions will respond to this global miniaturization . Will it be out of fear , feverishly attempting to cabin off themselves , or with an eye on the opportunities , and the possibility of creating a new age of cultural and intellectual ecumenism . For universities , the latter should be a far more comfortable fit . This natural instinct of universities connects well with the emerging contours of economies in the "  knowledge century " : that they will be driven by ideas and creativity , and that this world network of thought and innovation will be concentrated in a small set of global "  idea capitals " among which the talented and creative will circulate . These idea capitals will be characterized not merely as centers of finance , insurance and real estate  the FIRE sector  , but also as centers of intellectual , cultural , and educational activity  "  ICE , " as I have called it elsewhere  . The world 's most enlightened leaders have accepted a crucial proposition : universities , especially research universities , will be principal incubators and drivers of the ICE sector . Great universities attract and retain the creators , innovators , and entrepreneurs who propel thought , both producing and consuming intellectual , cultural and educational activities . How will universities shape themselves to meet this ? There will be many models -- some incremental , some bold . One new university model is already proving itself at NYU : the "  global network university . " In opening NYU Abu Dhabi last week , NYU has created not only a new liberal arts university campus but a new university architecture . NYU Abu Dhabi is a second "  portal campus , " along with our long-standing campus in New York ; these are the anchors and basic hydraulics of a network that also knits together 12 other academic sites . The global network university allows faculty and students to move seamlessly through the network and around the world without separating themselves from the university 's intellectual community and resources . It is a veritable Mobius strip of talent and thought . Research labs continents apart can be connected , increasing their potency . Faculty in one location can be made available to students in another . Consider : A professor in New York can offer a course featuring participation by students at several sites . The professor assigns team exercises , with students from many different sites working together . That interaction will be powerful in itself , but that need be only the start : We 'll likely see some or all of the students deciding to come together the following semester at one of the network sites . By uniting portal campuses and other academic sites , the global network creates an organic circulatory system that mirrors the flow of talent and creativity that increasingly defines the world . The result is more than an internationalized university with loose connections between a central location and branches around the globe ; instead , the talent and assets become fully available to enhance research and learning in every other part . In higher education , nothing is more powerful than a good idea . And this idea has resonated strongly . In the first class of undergraduates admitted to NYU Abu Dhabi , just 2.1 percent of applicants were admitted -- fewer than 200 of over 9,000 applicants . They hail from 39 countries , speak 43 different languages , with nearly 90 percent of them bilingual ; and have SAT scores at 75th percentile -- 770 for verbal and 780 for math . These scores match the most highly selective universities in the world . Universities tend to be hidebound , but they will need to change . I do n't claim that the global network university will be the universal form for higher education 's future ; there are other ways to respond to academic globalization that will endure and make sense . But to thrive , universities will need to look very different from the way they do now , and they will have to find a form well-suited to the new reality of an ever - increasing flow of human capital and talent in the knowledge century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Sexton .	John Sexton : Traditionally , universities have been defined and limited by location Global campuses form a network of thought , innovation , he writes Faculty can teach , Sexton says , students can team up in many cities at once Sexton : Research , scholarship can be shared and cultural ties made in "  century of knowledge "
Lille  CNN  -- The stage is set for Roger Federer . Arguably the greatest tennis player of all time , one of the two things missing from his resume -- which must be a dozen pages if not longer -- is a Davis Cup title . But after his Switzerland beat France in the pivotal doubles tussle Saturday , the Swiss are one win away from wrapping up the final in Lille -- and it 's Federer who has first crack at completing the job . You would n't possibly bet against him , would you ? "  Nothing is done yet , " Federer told reporters . "  We won the doubles match and we are preparing for tomorrow , as we have to do . " Federer entered the final -- one of the most anticipated in decades due to his presence and France 's love of tennis -- under an injury cloud . He was forced to withdraw from the final of the World Tour Finals last Sunday with a bad back and then looked unlike his usual self in a crushing loss to Gael Monfils on Friday . Yet Federer was adamant he felt better as the match wore on against Monfils and hinted he wanted -- and was ready -- to play doubles . Swiss captain Severin Luthi was n't about to go against the 17-time grand slam champion , and he was duly brought in alongside the surging Stan Wawrinka to replace the originally scheduled duo of Michael Lammer and Marco Chiudinelli . The decision paid off , with Federer and Wawrinka snapping a four-match losing streak in doubles together in the Davis Cup by easing past Richard Gasquet and Julien Benneteau 6-3 7-5 6-4 . "  I 'm fine now , " Federer said when asked about his back . "  I understand you want to know everything about it . But I know as much as you do . "  I 've been very open and honest . For me it 's just about now whatever it feels like , I feel like I am at 100 % . I 'll give it 100 % . That 's all I can do right now . " Only twice since 1990 has the nation trailing 2-1 in the final rallied to triumph , such is the task facing the bewildered Bleus . "  Nothing is broken , " French captain Arnaud Clement told reporters . "  But it is a difficult situation . It 's tough to take . I ca n't lie about that . Gasquet has had a longstanding love-hate relationship with the French tennis public . They were in awe of his ability and he rose to the fore by toppling Federer as an 18-year-old in Monte Carlo in 2005 . His hunger , willingness to fight and mental toughness have all been questioned , however , and the naysayers will have more ammunition following his display Saturday . He was the least comfortable player on the court . Clement has some serious thinking to do overnight , pondering who will battle Federer on Sunday . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga is due to be that player , but Tsonga underwhelmed in a loss to Wawrinka on Friday and the head of the French Tennis Federation , Jean Gachassin , reportedly said the French No. 1 had an elbow injury . It might explain why Tsonga did n't play with Gasquet after they practiced together Saturday morning and excelled in doubles in the semifinals against the Czech Republic . Gasquet was out of sorts in the doubles Saturday , and Clement would raise many an eyebrow if he opted for Benneteau . Despite his good play in the doubles and possessing two wins over Federer , Benneteau 's record in singles finals -- 0-10 , which is an Open Era record of futility -- hints he is unable to function at his best when the pressure is really on . Benneteau 's serve was broken in the first set for the lone break , but Gasquet did n't hit two volleys cleanly in the game , allowing the Swiss to pounce . "  I did n't play an exceptional match today and I 'm disappointed , " Gasquet told reporters . It was nothing compared to the decisive second set , which began slightly late as Gasquet and Benneteau left the court for a toilet break . France had five break points in three different games . At 1-0 for France , Gasquet 's tame second-serve return let the Swiss off the hook . At 2-1 , Benneteau mistimed a forehand return into the net and Gasquet 's forehand down the line clipped the net and strayed wide . Chants of ` Richard , Richard ' from most of the 27,360 in attendance at the Stade Pierre Mauroy -- less than 100 fans short of Friday 's record number for a pro tennis match -- prior to the return clearly did n't work . Then at 4-3 , Gasquet 's return off a second serve failed to put the Swiss in any danger . Gasquet did n't have much of an opportunity on the final break chance , with Wawrinka pummeling a serve . With France reeling , the inevitable break for Switzerland came at 5-5 when Federer struck a backhand return winner . "  If Richard 's return did n't hit the tape , the stadium would have gone crazy and the energy would have been different , " Benneteau said . "  It was tough to lose this second set because we had the feeling that we really could have won this one . " There was no way back for France , and its fate was sealed when the Swiss broke for 3-2 in the third . With Federer now looking sharper and the French in some disarray , the home team 's fate in the tie appears to be sealed , too .	Roger Federer and Switzerland are one match away from winning a maiden Davis Cup Federer and Stan Wawrinka won the doubles Saturday against France in Lille Federer and Wawrinka defeat Richard Gasquet and Julien Benneteau in straight sets Federer has the opportunity to close out the series as he plays Sunday 's first singles
CNN  -- Mitt Romney promised Monday to restore U.S. foreign policy to a traditional role dating back decades , based on exerting global influence through military and economic power , in a major speech two weeks before he debates President Barack Obama on international issues . In the address at the Virginia Military Institute , Romney argued that Obama is failing to provide the global leadership needed and expected by the rest of the world , especially key allies such as Israel . Romney cited recent protests and violence in Arab countries , including an attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Libya that killed the American ambassador and three others , as examples of a worsening security situation that he blamed on Obama 's policies . "  It is our responsibility and the responsibility of our president to use America 's great power to shape history  $ " not to lead from behind , leaving our destiny at the mercy of events , " the Republican presidential nominee said , after earlier declaring that "  unfortunately , this president 's policies have not been equal to our best examples of world leadership and nowhere is this more evident than in the Middle East . " Poll shows Romney tied with Obama after debate Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , offered a similar criticism on Monday at a campaign appearance in Ohio . "  If you look around the world , what we are witnessing is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy , " the conservative House Budget Committee chairman said , later adding that "  if we project weakness abroad , our adversaries are that much more willing to test us , to question our resolve . " In response to Romney 's speech , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that the GOP candidate 's positions are in most cases similar to Obama 's policies , while former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright accused Romney of repeatedly shifting his views . "  I watched the speech with great interest trying to figure out what Governor Romney 's policies really are , " Albright said on a conference call with reporters set up by the Obama campaign . "  This is , I think , the seventh speech he has given on foreign policy over the years , but I think I have come out more confused because he has changed his mind on a number of different issues . " In specific policy examples , Romney called for the United States to join allies in ensuring that rebels fighting government forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad get the military hardware they seek . However , he stopped short of calls by some conservatives for Washington to directly arm the rebels . "  In Syria , I will work with our partners to identify and organize those members of the opposition who share our values and ensure they obtain the arms they need to defeat Assad 's tanks , helicopters , and fighter jets , " Romney said . He noted that Iran is sending weaponry to Assad 's forces "  because they know his downfall would be a strategic defeat for them . " "  We should be working no less vigorously through our international partners to support the many Syrians who would deliver that defeat to Iran -- rather than sitting on the sidelines , " Romney said , making a change from the advance text of the speech that originally called for working "  with " international partners . "  It is essential that we develop influence with those forces in Syria that will one day lead a country that sits at the heart of the Middle East . " The Obama administration has limited direct aid so far to non-lethal support such as communications equipment . In addition , the United States is vetting rebels and working with Qatar and Saudi Arabia to make sure weapons go to preferred groups . Obama ad : Romney is ` reckless ' with foreign policy Administration officials have expressed concern about giving weapons to unvetted rebels for fear that the arms could fall into the hands of terrorists . Romney also criticized Obama 's overall approach to the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . He argued that last month 's attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans "  should not be seen as random . " Instead , Romney said the violence "  was likely the work of the same forces affiliated with those that attacked our homeland on September 11th , 2001 , " making a change from excerpts released in advance that described the attackers as likely the same forces from 9 / / 11 . The recent assault in Benghazi , which took place on the 11th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks on New York and Washington by al Qaeda , is under investigation by U.S. officials , with no formal word yet on exactly who was behind it . In the United States , the intelligence community believes it was "  a deliberate and organized terrorist assault carried out by extremists " affiliated with or sympathetic to al Qaeda . The Obama administration has been criticized for initially blaming the attack on protests over an anti-Islam film produced in the United States , then acknowledging it was a terrorist attack . Mitt 's middle of the road makeover While Romney sought to distinguish himself from Obama on foreign policy , specific proposals he cited remained similar to what the administration is doing . For example , he called for ending military operations in Afghanistan by the end of the 2014 , the same date set by Obama and NATO , and warned of unspecified steps to stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon . Obama has said all options remain on the table for preventing an Iranian nuclear weapon . In one distinction , Romney said Monday that under his leadership , "  the United States and our friends and allies will prevent them from acquiring nuclear weapons capability , " which differs from Obama 's pledge to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon . Nuclear capability refers to the process of being able to develop a nuclear weapon -- a lower threshold than Obama 's reference -- and Romney 's language matched that of his former business colleague , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , on the issue . Polls show Obama gets higher marks than Romney on foreign policy , and the former Massachusetts governor hurt his international credentials on a three-nation trip this summer that included a high-profile gaffe in which he questioned London 's preparedness to host the Olympics . Full remarks : Romney foreign policy speech Romney also angered Palestinian leaders with a reference to cultural differences as a reason for differing levels of prosperity between Israel and the Palestinian territories . In addition , a secretly recorded video of a private campaign event in May showed Romney casting doubt on the possibility of reaching a two-state solution in the Middle East with independent Israeli and Palestinian states . On Monday , Romney pledged to recommit his administration to seeking the two-state solution and blamed Obama for what he called a negotiation process that has "  devolved into a series of heated disputes at the United Nations . " "  In this old conflict , as in every challenge we face in the Middle East , only a new president will bring the chance to begin anew , " Romney said . "  I know the president hopes for a safer , freer , and a more prosperous Middle East allied with the United States . I share this hope , " he said . "  But hope is not a strategy . " Undecided : What will sway them ? Romney also has faced negative headlines over his quick response to the Benghazi consulate attack . Soon after word broke of the violence , he fired off a statement that was criticized as inaccurate and premature . Seeking to remind voters of Romney 's past gaffes , the Obama campaign released a new ad in Virginia , a battleground in the November 6 election , that characterized the Republican challenger as "  reckless " and "  amateurish " on international affairs . The 30-second spot features news clips of what the commercial calls Romney 's "  gaffe-filled " trip to England , Israel and Poland . "  If this is how he handles the world now , " the narrator in the new ad says , "  just think what Mitt Romney might do as president . " Responding to the ad , a Romney campaign spokeswoman said Obama was the one who had "  weakened " the U.S. standing in the world . Obama 's mixed week On Sunday , Romney foreign policy director Alex Wong told reporters that the candidate 's foreign policy seeks the traditional U.S. role in global affairs dating to the end of World War II . "  Mitt Romney 's vision is to restore influence and to support our friends and allies to move the Middle East onto a path of greater liberty , greater stability , and greater prosperity , " Wong said . "  It 's a restoration of a strategy that served us well for over 70 years . " What would you ask Biden , Ryan ? Referring to the U.S. perspective after World War II , Wong said that "  we saw the need to have a military that no one would challenge . " He also cited the need to have strategic allies around the world as part of what he called a full spectrum of power "  so we do not have to face again the horrors of war . " Romney and Obama will debate foreign policy on October 22 in Florida following their second debate in New York on October 16 . On Thursday , Vice President Joe Biden and Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , will hold their only debate of the campaign . Zelizer : VP debates can kill political careers CNN 's Ashley Killough , Elise Labott , Nick Paton Walsh and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : President Barack Obama 's team calls Mitt Romney 's policies inconsistent The GOP challenger gives what aides call a major foreign policy address Romney backs U.S. help in arming Syrian rebels Aide : Romney seeks traditional U.S. role in global affairs that dates to the end of World War II
CNN  -- Blind violinist Romel Joseph laid in what he called his "  grave " for 18 hours . The concrete support beams of his music school in Haiti pinned his legs and feet . Buried in the rubble of the five-story building , Romel realized he was trapped and would not be able to get out on his own . He was overwhelmed by the hot air . He began to have a conversation with God . "  I said , ' I would like to know if you are here . I 'm really hot ... and do n't have much time to live so if you are here , I 'm really hot and I need some cool air . ' And believe it or not , the next thing I know , there 's cool air that got in . " He began to pray every hour , for 20 minutes or so , and then came his music . First he pictured himself playing a Tchaikovsky concerto . And then every hour another concerto . "  I know I picked the Brahms , the Franz , the Sibelius . I picked several , " Romel remembers . "  I know a lot of concertos for violins . And I picked the longer ones . " iReport : Haiti 's missing and found And so as the hours passed by , and his friends tried to rescue him from the concrete debris , another prayer , and another concerto took place below . "  I pictured walking on stage and playing to a full hall . And you start playing up to the end . " His friends were able to remove him from the rubble of the New Victorian School at 11 a.m. the day after the earthquake , about 18 hours later . Later that week , he was airlifted out of Port-au-Prince by the American Embassy to Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami , Florida . Full coverage He 's being treated for not only the injuries he sustained to his legs , but also a fracture to his left hand . The fracture has left doctors questioning whether Romel will ever be able to play a violin again . Romel is certain he will . "  I have to play so they can hear what I want them to play . " Finding shelter , aid , supplies Romel still has a few weeks left before he will be able to leave the hospital . But once he does , he 's already talking about going back to Haiti and wants to begin the rebuilding of the school . On his remarkable story of survival , he says it 's all in the way you look at things . "  I 'm really proud that I was able to be in a horrible place and survive in a constructive , positive way . "	Support beams from his music school pinned legs , feet of blind violinist Romel Joseph Joseph was overwhelmed by hot air ; his prayers answered with flow of cool air As he waited 18 hours for rescue , he played long violin concertos in his head Doctors worry fractured hand will end his playing days ; Joseph believes he 'll play again
CNN  -- For Uganda 's lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex community , 2013 strengthens us with fresh resolve . But a new year also torments us with old anxieties . Uganda is my home , but every day I must fight tooth and nail to remain . I inhabit a land and a paradox where my right to have a consensual relationship with an African woman is illegal -- "  un-African " -- and where my daily work is a life and death matter . Since 2009 , my community has faced the potential passage of an anti-homosexuality bill that threatens Ugandans in same-sex relationships with life imprisonment  there are conflicting reports on whether the original death penalty provision remain  . This year , many Anglican Church officials and other leaders have declared the legislation 's speedy passage as their New Year 's resolutions , with the bill scheduled for discussion when Uganda 's parliament reconvenes in February . As a transgender man , I am not safe . But as a Ugandan , I am here and I remain optimistic . Existing out in the open is ordinary for most people , but visibility is magical for those of us who once roamed the land like ghosts . "  There are no homosexuals in Uganda , " our leaders said not too long ago . They can not say that now . They say I am evil . They say my love is illegal . But in 2013 , they can no longer say I am not here . I am fighting to end discrimination as the Ugandan government cracks down on all human rights activity . To speak out about injustice is deemed rebellion against democracy , and to advocate for LGBTI rights is to be out of your mind . The AIDS and LGBTI empowerment workshops I facilitate get shut down by Minister of Ethics and Integrity Rev. Fr . Simon Lokodo even though HIV infections and inequality have not gone away . The increased fervor to pass the anti-gay bill has re-opened the wounds of past tragedies and threatens to create new ones . The fear is still fresh on the second anniversary of the murder of David Kato , my colleague , whose gruesome death changed me and Uganda 's LGBTI community forever . Seated in the same office at the gay rights organization , Sexual Minorities Uganda , known as SMUG , David and I had committed to ending discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity . We refused to stay invisible , to remain dehumanized as ghosts . As a result , we found ourselves on a Ugandan newspaper 's list of 100 homosexuals . The story 's banner : "  Hang Them . " David was subsequently killed . But he was not silenced : I still hear his voice telling us not to hide , or else "  they will keep saying we are not here . " I am here , still , in 2013 , but I dread things as simple as shopping at a kiosk for groceries , because the owner has told me he does n't sell to "  such people . " If I insist , he said , he will "  teach me how to be normal . " A full night 's sleep is thwarted by the fear of a stranger who has followed me home or the neighbors who have formed a mob . My personal struggle is a small reflection of the entire LGBTI community 's everyday apprehension . With action on Uganda 's anti-homosexuality bill looming , the lives of the nation 's LGBTI are threatened . These are not nameless faces , but real people like my girlfriend , who trembles at the prospect of coming out . People like one trans woman who in September was brutally beaten in public by friends who discovered her identity , and another who was dragged to the police in full glare of the public . Even heterosexual Ugandans -- including family and friends who fail to disclose LGBTI loved ones to authorities -- would face criminal charges if this bill were to pass . But I can report some good news . Before David Kato 's murder , he was alive to see us win a lawsuit against the newspaper that called for our hanging . Indeed , the Ugandan courts ' impartiality in our cases helps me stay optimistic . And I hope to win a U.S. lawsuit against American evangelist Scott Lively for the anti-gay terror he exported to my country . The past five years have also brought progress outside the courtroom . Just a decade ago , I could n't have imagined discussing the rights of LGBTI people with motorbike taxi drivers and members of parliament alike . While I 've lived through the homophobia-fueled murders and suicides of friends , I also photographed my country 's first Pride march last August , where we proudly waved both the Ugandan and rainbow flags side by side . In drag and plain view , LGBTI Ugandans celebrated life in the face of legislation that calls for our death . "  As long as you refuse to be a victim , and you seek to empower yourself and others , whatever 's going on will get better , " President Bill Clinton has said . I believe him , and beyond that , I believe in myself . Those who wish me harm may control the laws , but they will never steer my destiny . Despite the injustice that follows LGBTI Ugandans into a new year , our desire for freedom has taken deep root . The roots will one day prove deeper than their hatred , deeper than our closets . That 's what keeps me optimistic . And that 's why they can not say I am not here . Uganda is my home and I intend to continue living here as I am . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepe Julian Onziema .	Pepe Julian Onziema : New year fills LGBTI community in Uganda with resolve -- and anxiety He says threat of anti-homosexuality bill passage endangers LGBTI Ugandans He says by his vocal presence , he aims to end discrimination Onziema : LGBTI Ugandans have made advances ; oppressors ca n't steer my destiny
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Mike Mette has been a Chicago police officer for almost four years . But now , as a result of a fistfight one night in Dubuque , Iowa , he is a convicted felon . Mike Mette , a Chicago police officer , says he acted in self-defense when he punched Jake Gotthard , a student at the University of Dubuque . Mette has been sentenced to almost five years in prison after Dubuque County Judge Monica Ackley found him guilty of assault causing serious injury . Mette says he 's been wronged . "  I was arrested for self-defense ... I was defending myself , " he said . Mette 's saga started in October 2005 after a night of drinking in Dubuque , where he was visiting his brother Mark . After the bars closed , Mette and his crew made their way to an after-hours party thrown by Jake Gotthard , a student at the University of Dubuque . According to court documents , Mette and his friends entered the house party , but decided to leave without paying the required $ 5 entry fee when they saw the room was mostly empty . Gotthard became angry , and with the help of his roommate , began chasing Mette down the street . Gotthard claims someone in Mette 's group had stolen his cell phone and he wanted it back . Exactly what happened to the cell phone is still unclear . The altercation continued a block and a half down the street and eventually ended up in front of the house of Mette 's brother . Fight could land cop in prison " "  That 's when Mr. Gotthard hit me . He hit me with two fists like this , straight into the chest , " Mette said . "  He was yelling about his cell phone , telling me if he did n't get his cell phone back he was going to beat the crap out of me . He hit me several more times and then I pushed him away from me . It was n't until after the third time is when he came back at me again and that is when I struck him . " When police arrived , they found Gotthard lying on the ground with bruises and lacerations on his face , cheek , nose , chin and forehead . Mette , who had blood on his shirt and whose knuckle was bruised and cut , was arrested and charged with a felony . " -LSB- Gotthard -RSB- had bruises on the side of his neck , his arms , his elbow , his shoulders , on his back , that were simply not consistent with Mr. Mette 's version that he only struck him once , " said Assistant County Attorney Tim Gallagher . Dubuque doctors testified the injuries were consistent with someone who had been stomped and kicked . But a doctor testifying for Mette 's defense rejected the Dubuque findings . He said all those injuries could have come from Mette 's single punch and the impact from falling on the sidewalk . Gallagher said the decision to prosecute Mette was a tough one . "  It 's never an easy situation when someone is sentenced to prison , particularly when it 's a police officer that we have to rely on , " he said . "  But we ca n't allow individuals to be given certain privileges because of their occupation . " The case spawned a battle between newspaper columnists in Chicago and Dubuque . "  Mette played baseball in college . But what 's happening to him is n't about Iowa baseball mythology . It does n't smell of corn . It stinks of the pig barn , " wrote Chicago Tribune columnist John Kass . He chalks the judge 's decision up to small town politics . In a reply , a columnist for the Dubuque Telegraph Herald wrote that Kass is a "  legendary muckraker " who is "  training his scorn " on Ackley , the judge . Mette is currently on unpaid leave from the Chicago Police Department and is appealing his case . He will begin serving his five-year sentence in November . E-mail to a friend	Mike Mette , a Chicago police officer , is heading to prison this November He says he was acting in self-defense when he punched Jake Gotthard Doctors testified Gotthard appeared as though he had been stomped , kicked Mette , currently on unpaid leave , is appealing the court 's decision
CNN  It could be a family affair for the Williams sisters at the Australian Open . If Serena and Venus Williams -- who have combined to tally 25 majors -- both win their quarterfinals Wednesday , they 'll meet at a grand slam for the first time since the Wimbledon final in 2009 . But Monday was already a day of ` firsts ' for Venus Williams , whose career has been hindered by the autoimmune disorder Sjogren 's Syndrome . When the 34-year-old beat sixth-seed Agnieszka Radwanska 6-3 2-6 6-1 , she ensured a quarterfinal berth at a grand slam for the first time in five years . Further it was her first top-10 win at a major since downing Italy 's Francesca Schiavone at the 2010 U.S. Open . "  Of course , I want to be playing deep in all my events , " Venus Williams told reporters . "  Everybody wants that . But it really just does n't happen every time for everyone . "  Now is my moment and I want to keep this moment going all year and then next year , too . That will take work . " But reaching the quarterfinals in Melbourne wo n't be enough for her . She still has the game and belief , she said , to go even deeper . "  I feel like I 've been here before , so it 's not like I 'm jumping up and down for joy , ` Oh , shoot , what is this ? I 've never done this , ' " she continued . "  Yes , I 've done this . This is what I 'm always going into each tournament thinking I want to do , even when I fall short . "  It 's definitely not the first time . I guess that 's how I feel . " Serena Williams cheered on her sibling from the players ' box during the victory over Radwanska and said following her own win over Garbine Muguruza that she was still inspired by Venus . "  She 's a big influence , obviously , " said Serena . "  The way she 's playing , her confidence exudes and permeates to me . It 's a really good feeling . "	Serena and Venus Williams both won at the Australian Open Monday It 's the first time they 're into the last eight together at a major since 2010 They 'll meet in the semifinals if they win their quarterfinals
CNN  -- Pirates seized a North Korean-flagged cargo ship Wednesday in the Gulf of Aden , a European Union anti-piracy task force said . The ship , the MV Rim , changed course and is heading for the Somali Basin , the EU Naval Force said . Two U.S. Navy ships working with NATO confirmed the hijacking , the USS Porter and a helicopter from the USS Farragut , the task force added . The 4,800-ton ship is owned by Libya 's White Sea Shipping . It is not clear how many crew members are on board or where they come from . The attack comes two days after pirates released a Greek-owned vessel and its crew months after hijacking it off Somalia . The MV Filitsa was released Monday after its owner paid a ransom , said Michael Battzoglou , a security officer and spokesman for the owner , Order Shipping Co. . He did not say how much had been paid . "  All are well and safe , " Battzoglou added . The Greek coast guard also said no one had been killed or injured on the vessel . The EU Naval Force confirmed the ransom had been paid and the ship freed . It did not say how much money changed hands . The bulk carrier was hijacked November 11 off Somalia near the Seychelles , and was held at the pirate stronghold of Hobyo on the Somali coast , the EU said . The coast off lawless Somalia has become a hub for piracy . At least three ships have been attacked in the region this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , a nonprofit group that tracks and fights maritime crime and malpractice . Pirates in the area hold nine ships with a total of 216 crew members , not including the MV Rim , said the bureau 's Capt. Cyrus Mody . The pirates normally seek payment to release ships . The EU mission 's main tasks include escorting merchant vessels carrying humanitarian aid for the World Food Program , protecting vulnerable ships in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean , and deterring and disrupting piracy .	North Korean-flagged cargo ship seized in Gulf of Aden Attack comes two days after pirates released a Greek-owned vessel Coast off Somalia has become a hub for piracy Greek ship 's owner said it paid ransom for crew 's release
CNN  -- The 10th anniversary this month of the invasion of Iraq will remind most people of a divisive and dubious war that toppled Saddam Hussein but claimed the lives of nearly 4,500 Americans and more than 100,000 Iraqi civilians . What it conjures up for me is the media 's greatest failure in modern times . Major news organizations aided and abetted the Bush administration 's march to war on what turned out to be faulty premises . All too often , skepticism was checked at the door , and the shaky claims of top officials and unnamed sources were trumpeted as fact . By the time U.S. soldiers discovered there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , the media establishment was left with apologies and explanations . The Bush-Cheney administration helped whip up an atmosphere in the wake of 9/11 in which media criticism of national security efforts seemed almost unpatriotic . Watch : Did Roger Ailes cross a line in calling Obama lazy ? As the war , once sold as a cakewalk , went sour in 2004 , the New York Times said in an editor 's note that its editors were "  perhaps too intent on rushing scoops into the paper , " some of them erroneous stories by Judith Miller . The paper said its reporting on what turned out to be nonexistent WMDs was "  not as rigorous as it should have been " and that the Times overplayed stories with "  dire claims about Iraq . " I was working at The Washington Post at the time , and I took it upon myself to examine the paper 's performance in the run-up to war . It was not a pretty picture . From August 2002 through the March 19 , 2003 , launch of the war , I found more than 140 front-page stories that focused heavily on administration rhetoric against Iraq : "  Cheney Says Iraqi Strike Is Justified " ; "  War Cabinet Argues for Iraq Attack " ; "  Bush Tells United Nations It Must Stand Up to Hussein or U.S. Will " ; "  Bush Cites Urgent Iraqi Threat " ; "  Bush Tells Troops : Prepare for War . " By contrast , pieces questioning the evidence or rationale for war were frequently buried , minimized or spiked . Watch : Bill Clinton uses op-ed to flip-flop on gay marriage Len Downie , then the executive editor , told me that in retrospect , "  we were so focused on trying to figure out what the administration was doing that we were not giving the same play to people who said it would n't be a good idea to go to war and were questioning the administration 's rationale . Not enough of those stories were put on the front page . That was a mistake on my part . " Bob Woodward told me that "  we did our job , but we did n't do enough , and I blame myself mightily for not pushing harder . " There was a "  groupthink " among intelligence officials , he said , and "  I think I was part of the groupthink . " Watch : Should ESPN give Keith Olbermann another at-bat ? Tom Ricks , who was the paper 's top military reporter , turned in a piece in the fall of 2002 that he titled "  Doubts , " saying that senior Pentagon officials were resigned to an invasion but were reluctant and worried that the risks were being underestimated . An editor killed the story , saying it relied too heavily on retired military officials and outside experts -- in other words , those with sufficient independence to question the rationale for war . "  There was an attitude among editors : Look , we 're going to war , why do we even worry about all this contrary stuff ? " Ricks said . Watch : White House bullying against the press I actually think the Post did a better job than most . And there is no minimizing the difficulties that even the most intrepid journalists faced : They could n't go to Iraq to investigate for themselves , and most government sources were echoing the administration 's line about WMDs . But that system 's failure casts a dark shadow on the news business that has not entirely lifted . The press needs to challenge what government officials say , whether it is about war or weapons or Wall Street , or whether the impact of federal budget cuts is being exaggerated . The low level of public confidence in the media has many causes , but one of them stems from what happened back in 2003 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : News reporting before war in Iraq was media 's greatest failure in recent times He says news organizations aided Bush administration 's push to war on faulty premises Newspapers ran stories without enough skepticism , he says Kurtz : Public 's lack of confidence in media can partly be traced back to 2003
CNN  -- Pilots were warned of potential danger at least eight times in about 30 seconds before a Polish jet crashed in Russia in April , killing President Lech Kaczynski and about 100 others . A transcript that the Polish government released Tuesday shows that an automated warning system sounded the alarm several times before the Tupolev-154 crashed in western Russia . "  Pull up . Pull up , " a warning system advised pilots . "  Terrain ahead . Terrain ahead . " The April 10 crash killed Kaczynski , his wife , top Polish military officials , the head of Poland 's national bank and other dignitaries . The president had been traveling with a Polish delegation to Russia for the 70th anniversary of the massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn . Some 20,000 Polish officers were executed there during World War II .	Transcript shows pilots warned of danger several times in seconds before crash April 10 crash killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski and about 100 others Delegation headed to Russia for 70th anniversary of massacre of Polish prisoners of war in World War II
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran has arrested suspects in connection with the July 2011 killing of a nuclear scientist , semiofficial media reported , citing Intelligence Minister Heidar Moslehi . Moslehi made the announcement Sunday at an event marking the first anniversary of the death of 35-year-old physicist Daryoush Rezaie . In addition to the suspected "  terrorists " who shot and killed Rezaie outside his Tehran home on July 23 , 2011 , "  two groups in charge of training terrorists were arrested inside and outside Iran , " Moslehi said , according to the semiofficial Fars news agency . Moslehi did not provide details . Rezaie taught at Mohaqeq Ardebili Technical College , in the northwestern city of Ardebil , according to the semiofficial Mehr news agency . Read more : Iran nuclear scientist killed in car bomb blast His death followed bombing attacks on two other Iranian physicists in November 2010 , Iranian media said . Professor Majid Shahriari was killed , but professor Fereydoun Abbasi and his wife escaped with only minor wounds . Shahriari 's wife and driver were injured . Both professors were on the faculty of Tehran 's Shahid Beheshti University . Assailants on motorcycles attached bombs to cars carrying the professors at separate locations . In January 2010 , Iranian elementary-particle physicist Massoud Ali-Mohammadi was also killed in a bomb attack , according to Mehr . Ali-Mohammadi , 50 , was riding his motorcycle near his Tehran home when a remote-controlled bomb planted on the bike detonated , according to Iranian media . Majid Jamali Fashi was convicted in that killing and also found guilty of spying . Prosecutors accused him of working for the Mossad , Israel 's national intelligence agency , and said Israel paid him $ 120,000 to carry out the hit . He was hanged in May . Iran has blamed spy agencies in Israel , the United States and the United Kingdom for the attacks . Israeli President Shimon Peres told CNN on Monday that Israel has never claimed responsibility for the attacks , but he said his country has a right to prevent the killing of its citizens . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Daryoush Rezaie was shot and killed on July 23 , 2011 Suspected "  terrorists " have been arrested , Iran 's intelligence minister says His death occurred after a string of attacks against nuclear scientists in the country Iran has blamed Israel , the U.S. and UK for the attacks
London , England  CNN  -- "  Some people believe football is a matter of life and death ... I assure you it is much , much more important than that . " As Bill Shankly , the legendary former manager of English club Liverpool , pointed out shortly before he passed away in 1981 , the significance of the beautiful game can never be underestimated -- and that does n't just apply to fans of the sport , either . Soccer can affect lives on a national and international scale , inspiring revolutions and causing wars as well as having the capability to create peace and lift entire nations . The "  Football War " between Honduras and El Salvador in 1969 is perhaps the most famous example of the sport 's wider implications . The two Central American nations famously came to blows following their qualification match for the 1970 World Cup . Pedro Pinto 's World Cup predictions But this was n't the first time , and definitely wo n't be the last , that the worlds of football and politics collide with remarkable results . 1 . Mussolini manipulates the "  man in black , " 1934 "  Il Duce " was determined to use this World Cup on home soil to showcase his fascist Italy . Mussolini had his own trophy created for the event -- the Coppa Del Duce -- which was six times the size of the Jules Rimet , and to this day allegations remain the tournament was fixed so that only Italy would collect it . According to the BBC 's "  World Cup Stories " book by Chris Hunt , there were suggestions that the Italian dictator himself picked the referees . In the semifinal against Austria , Mussolini 's Azzurri team won 2-1 , but after the game their opponents complained the game was fixed . The World Cup 's missing men "  The referee even played for them , " said Austrian striker Josef Bican . "  When I passed for the ball out to the right wing , one of our players , Cicek , ran for it and the referee headed it back to the Italians . It was unbelievable . " 2 . Austrian star humiliates Nazis , 1938 Austria had one of the game 's greatest sides in the 1930s , but when the Nazis annexed their neighbors , the nation 's "  Wunderteam " were forced to withdraw from the World Cup and merge with Germany . Star striker Matthias Sindelar so opposed his nation 's loss of independence that he refused to play for Germany . He pleaded old age , but Germany 's manager Sepp Herberger would later recall : "  I almost had the impression that discomfort and rejection , linked to the political developments , had prompted his refusal . " Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? During a so-called "  Reconciliation Game " to mark the merging of the two sides , Sindelar made his feelings quite clear in a 2-0 win for Austria . According to German historian Nils Havemann 's book "  Fussball unterm Hakenkreuz , " the center-forward scored his beloved country 's first and then , when the second goal went in , he danced in celebration in front of Nazi officials . In 1939 , Sindelar and his girlfriend were killed in his apartment by a gas leak . Controversy still reigns over whether it was murder or suicide -- or just an accident . 3 . Algerians play for independence , 1958 Halfway through Algeria 's War of Independence , the French national team called up a handful of Algerians playing in the French soccer league for the World Cup in Sweden . Given the chance of glory , fame and fortune , the players chose national identity instead . Rather than attend a pre-tournament friendly against Switzerland , they decided to flee France , gather at the headquarters of the Front Liberation National in Tunisia and launch an "  illegal " national team , risking arrest for desertion in the process . Who will win the World Cup ? Rachid Maflouki had won the French championship with Saint Etienne before getting the call from Les Bleus , but decided there were more important matters at stake than his personal success . "  I did n't hesitate , " he told Ian Hawkey , author of "  Feet of the Chameleon . " "  Okay , I would have to give up my club . And yes , I was thinking about the World Cup , but what did that count for in comparison with my country 's independence ? " 4 . Zaire players crack under Presidential pressure , 1974 It 's remembered as one of the World Cup 's funniest moments , but the truth is much darker . Already 3-0 down and facing a Brazilian free-kick , Zaire 's right-back Ilunga Mwepu seemingly forgot the rules of the game , charged at the ball and hoofed it away before the whistle had even been blown . The Leopards , the first sub-Saharan African nation to reach the finals , had already been humiliated 9-0 by Yugoslavia before losing 2-0 to Scotland , and were told by President Mobutu 's henchmen that if they lost to Brazil by more than three goals they would n't be allowed to return home . Ten World Cup headlines yet to be written "  Do you think I 'd deliberately make myself look like an idiot ? You have to remember we were playing for our lives , " he said in the book "  Death or Glory , the Dark History of the World Cup " by Jon Spurling . Mwepu 's act of "  madness , " it turns out , was in fact a very sane attempt to waste time . 5 . The German nation divided , 1974 East Germany versus West at the 1974 World Cup was perhaps the most politically-charged match of all time . After the Second World War , the divided nation had become the main arena for the Cold War , and this fixture in Hamburg represented a head-to-head between the two ideologies . Although the game was actually the last in the group and it had become clear that both teams would qualify from the group stage , that did not diminish the tension surrounding the clash . Ten shocking World Cup moments With home advantage , European champions West Germany were favorites but it was the East German Jurgen Sparwasser who scored the only goal of the game . East Germany heralded their triumph , but the victory was rendered a little hollow after they were knocked out in the next round and their bitter rivals went on to win the tournament . 6 . Argentine junta swaps grain for glory , 1978 Argentina 's junta , which had seized power just a couple of years earlier , was determined to use the World Cup it was hosting as propaganda for the regime . According to a 1986 article by journalist Maria Laura Avignolo of Britain 's Sunday Times , and supported by David Yallop in his book "  How They Stole the Game , " the junta used bribery and intimidation to help win the cup . Controversy over new World Cup ball In the group stages , Argentina needed to beat Peru by four goals in their last game to progress . General Jorge Videla made a timely pre-match visit to the Peruvian dressing-room to talk to the players about "  Latin American unity " before the host nation rattled six past a side that had previously held eventual finalists Holland to a goalless draw . Avignolo claimed that in the weeks following the Peru game , an impromptu cargo of 35,000 tonnes of wheat left Argentina for Lima and that the military regime issued an interest-free loan of $ 50 million to the Peruvian government . 7 . Iran 's football revolution , 1998 They may have been two of the least significant footballing sides at France ' 98 , but nevertheless this fixture caught the world 's imagination because Iran and the United States had been at loggerheads since the Islamic Revolution in 1979 . Although political relations were strained , the clash of civilizations never quite happened on the pitch . Instead , both sides showed the utmost respect , swapping flowers , gifts and photographs before the kick-off . The Iranians won 2-1 , but , celebrations back home had a destabilizing effect as hundreds of thousands of young people , including women , partied in the streets in defiance of government warnings . "  In my neighborhood everybody goes out into the streets , " one young Iranian told the BBC 's Jim Muir . "  It 's a good excuse for boys and girls to mix , and in a way it 's political , because it 's a demand for social change . " 8 . Germany enjoys "  Partyotism , " 2006 The tournament slogan "  A time to make friends " pretty much said it all . The organizers of Germany 2006 set out to woo the world , and in the process the country learned to love themselves . A combination of a flawless summer and coach Jurgen Klinsmann 's free-flowing football injected a feel-good factor back into the national psyche , and Germans realized they could enjoy patriotism again -- or as the local media billed it , "  partyotism . " "  In the space of one month , Klinsmann managed to bring together a society ashamed of displays of nationalism and still divided along East-West lines , turning Germany into a nation of face-painting , flag-waving patriots , " Hunt said in his "  World Cup Stories " book . "  Never mind the final , " Britain 's The Times newspaper wrote . "  Germans are the real World Cup winners . " 9 . The Koreas refuse to play nicely , 2008 North and South Korea both successfully managed to qualify for South Africa 2010 , but there were plenty of bad-tempered squabbles along the way . The bickering got so bad that world governing body FIFA eventually had to intervene after North Korea announced it would not let the South play its national anthem or wave its flag on their territory . So determined were the North Koreans that they were even prepared to play their "  home " game abroad . In the end , the fixture took place in Shanghai , where the North Korean coach complained that their rivals had poisoned their food . In a statement about the match , the North 's football association said : "  It was beyond all doubt that the incident was a product of a deliberate act perpetrated by adulterated foodstuff as -LSB- the players -RSB- could not get up all of a sudden just before the match . " According to a report by the BBC , the South 's soccer federation -- Korea Football Association -- said a sports doctor had examined the North Korean players and found no serious problem . 10 . Football diplomacy between old enemies , 2008-09 Serious sport is war minus the shooting , remarked English author George Orwell . So it was refreshing last year when Armenia and Turkey used the beautiful game to make peace . The leaders of the two countries met up to watch a World Cup qualifier between their nations after almost a century of bitterness following the killing of hundreds of thousands of Armenians by Turks during World War One . Turkish President Abdullah Gul attended the initial game in Armenia in 2008 , which the hosts lost 2-0 , and his counterpart Serzh Sarkisian agreed to join him for the return fixture the following year for further thawing of diplomatic relations . No doubt the fact that neither side had a chance of qualifying for South Africa helped keep things civil .	Argentina 's right-wing junta allegedly bribed Peru with grain and a $ 50M loan in 1978 Organizers of Germany 2006 set out to woo the world -- and in doing so lifted its people When Iran beat U.S. at the 1998 World Cup , celebrations in Tehran had a destabilizing effect Algerian players go AWOL rather than represent colonial masters France at World Cup
Editor 's note : Nancy Grace is the host of "  Nancy Grace " on HLN nightly at 8 and 10 p.m. ET . Read an excerpt from her new novel "  The Eleventh Victim " published by Hyperion . Nancy Grace found it challenging to complete her first novel , "  The Eleventh Victim . " CNN  -- Readers of Nancy Grace 's debut novel , "  The Eleventh Victim , " would be forgiven if they assumed the main character is based on Grace . After all , the heroine of the novel becomes an Atlanta , Georgia , district attorney after her fianc is murdered and later relocates to New York for a fresh start . But Grace said there are some differences between her and her protagonist . "  Hailey is a much better person than I am , " Grace said . The tough-as-nails anchor of the HLN show that bears her name was driven to complete her first book of fiction , which she said has been in the works for almost a decade . The novel centers on the character of Hailey Dean , a psychology student who becomes a prosecutor after the tragic murder of her fianc just weeks before their wedding . The mystery takes flight when Dean , having relocated to Manhattan and trained as a therapist , discovers that her patients are being murdered in a copycat style of an Atlanta serial killer from her past . Grace -- who is also the author of the nonfiction book "  Objection ! " -- recently spoke to CNN about the challenges of giving birth to both twins and a thriller , who might die in her next novel and what she thinks about television shows like "  Saturday Night Live " parodying her . CNN : You are a working mother of two year-old twins . How in the world did you find time to write a book ? Nancy Grace : It was hard work . I had done "  Objection " and I had an idea for a second nonfiction . I went back to my editor and I said "  Here 's an idea for another nonfiction . " She said "  Yeah , it 's OK , you got anything else ? " I said "  No , but I do have an old manuscript I 've been working on for a long time , a murder mystery . " I told her it 's not finished yet , I have about 300 pages . I took it over that day and the next day they told me they wanted a two-book series on Hailey Dean . Then I thought "  Oh Lord , now I 've got to finish it . " That happened around the time I got pregnant . Watch Nancy discuss her new book " I had a difficult pregnancy . I was in a wheelchair , I threw up every day , I broke my foot during the pregnancy , so a lot of crazy things happened . Finally , after the twins came , the deadline came . I literally had to sit in the bed with the computer and force myself to finish it . I knew what was going to happen in each of the four storylines , but I had to get there . I would be up sometimes until 3 or 4 in the morning . The twins , one would wake up , by the time I would get that one fed and down , the other one would wake up and then it was time to get up at 5:30 . CNN : You said you knew who did it in terms of the mystery early on in the writing . So how did the book change during its development ? Grace : The characters really developed . It 's like getting to know a person . Read an excerpt from the novel There are certain things Hailey simply would not do . You get to know your characters and they become richer and more intricate because you get to know the character . I would not do anything that was out of character for them . CNN : The plot and the settings sound very familiar to your own life . How much of you is in Hailey ? Grace : Hailey is a much better person than I am , I can tell you that much . She 's very brave . She thinks her way out of difficult and almost impossible situations , she 's courageous and she 's witty . I would say it 's loosely based , but she 's a much better heroine than I could ever be . CNN : What is more difficult , writing nonfiction or fiction ? Grace : It is definitely harder to write fiction . With nonfiction you deal with facts already in existence , but with fiction you have to create everything . Details like what color somebody 's hair was to how hot it was that day . A lot of ideas for the book would come to me in the middle of the night and I forgot some of them so often that I now sleep with my two BlackBerrys near the bed . I 've learned my lesson the hard way , so I will now write myself my book notes in the middle of the night . CNN : Is there anything that did n't make it into this book that you wished had ? Grace : Yes , but do n't worry because I saved it for the next book , which will be set in the television industry . There 's going to be a lot of dead TV executives  laughing  . CNN : They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , so what are your thoughts on having been parodied ? Grace : It 's funny to me . Everything from YouTube to "  Boston Legal " and "  Saturday Night Live . " It 's very flattering that they would think enough to make fun of me . I want -LSB- rapper -RSB- Eminem to make fun of me , but I do n't think it would be very nice  laughing  .	Nancy Grace 's debut novel , "  The Eleventh Victim " has a story similar to hers Grace says main character "  is a much better person than I am " The thriller was almost a decade in the making Book first of two planned about prosecutor-turned-therapist Hailey Dean
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE.COM  -- While the average American 's understanding of the conflict in Kosovo is a simple , two-sided Sneetch-battle between the mountainous region 's dominant Serbian minority and oppressed Albanian majority , the reality is a lot more convoluted than a Wikipedia page or morning radio parody of the Beach Boys ' "  Kokomo " can accurately convey . In addition to the Serbs in the north and Albanians in the south , Kosovo is host to a pizza pie of smaller ethnic groups like Gorans , Illyrians , and Roma scattered in enclaves throughout the entire country . During the 1998-1999 war , as the Serbian Yugoslav Army and NATO-backed Albanian Kosovo Liberation Army vied with each other to see who could rack up the most atrocities , these sub-minorities were victims of a disproportionate amount of collateral brutality . Especially the Kosovo Roma , more widely known as "  gypsies . " Of the 250,000 people displaced from their homes by the fighting , an estimated 90,000 were Roma , a figure which is a little more jarring when you realize the region 's total Romani population is just a little north of 100,000 . To help them deal with the refugee problem , the United Nations invited Paul Polansky , an American activist for gypsy rights , then working in Prague , to the city of Mitrovica to act as a liaison for the burgeoning community of Roma 's so-called Internally Displaced People . "  The UN were having gypsies running into schoolhouses seeking shelter from the Albanians who were chasing them out of their homes , " says Polansky from his house in Southern Serbia . "  And so they opened a few Internally Displaced People camps , but they did n't know how to work with the gypsies , so they needed an expert to actually move into the camps to live with them and advise them . That 's what they brought me to Kosovo to do . " Polansky was immediately unimpressed by the conditions at the camp he moved into an old French army barracks called Osterode . See the rest of The VICE guide to the Balkans at VICE.com "  There were about 1,800 tents put up by the 23rd Pioneer Regiment of the British Army . They were put on toxic wasteland . The land itself was lower than the road coming into the camp and so when it rained there was water in all the tents . The only food they were given was flour and beans . They needed water to cook with but there was no water for cooking , no water for cleaning , and when I complained to the UN they said , ` Well , these are gypsies , they know how to look after themselves . ' It was a constant fight just to get them to deliver water . We were not guaranteed any security . The Albanians were attacking the camp . We had children die because UN police refused to take them to hospital " Despite Polansky 's efforts , conditions at the Osterode camp continued to deteriorate . The British regiment in charge of protecting the camp was withdrawn and children began to show symptoms of health effects from the campsite 's proximity to dumping grounds for industrial waste . "  In 1999 , some Danish soldiers on patrol in Mitroviza had shown symptoms of lead poisoning , " Polansky told us . "  So their blood was taken , and it came back they had extremely high levels of lead poisoning . So in the summer of 2000 , a UN medical team took blood tests all over Mitrovica . They found the highest lead levels were in the gypsy camps because they had been built on the tailings stands of the mines and the pollution from the smelter drifted right over their camp . Their blood samples were sent to a lab in Belgium and it was found that the children in these camps had the highest lead levels in medical literature . " Eventually Polansky got fed up with the UN 's administration of the camps  or lack thereof  , cut his ties with the organization , and led a large group of gypsies on a protest march to the Macedonian border . The UN responded to his accusations of negligence , saying it was investigating the matter and that they "  do not think that it would be useful to discuss the matter at this time , given that the the review of this matter is ongoing . " We were curious how this "  matter " was going , so we decided to stop by the camp and talk to some of the residents who still have n't been evacuated from the site that is killing their children . Twelve years down the road .	American Paul Polansky investigated treatment of gypsy refugees of the Kosovo war Polansky found hundreds of tents placed on ` toxic wastelands ' Polansky says high levels of lead poisoning were found in the camps
CNN  -- A U.S. airstrike near Baghdad on Monday marked a new phase in the fight against ISIS . The airstrike southwest of the city appears to be the closest the U.S. airstrikes have come to the capital of Iraq since the start of the campaign against ISIS , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . And U.S. Central Command said in a statement that it was the first strike as part of "  expanded efforts " to help Iraqi forces on the offensive against ISIS . Monday 's airstrike destroyed an ISIS fighting position that had been firing at Iraqi forces , Central Command said . It occurred about 35 km  22 miles  southwest of Baghdad , another U.S. official said . The United States began targeted airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq last month to protect American personnel and support humanitarian missions . Last week , U.S. President Barack Obama said new airstrikes would aim to help Iraqi forces on the offensive against the Islamist militants . Obama also said airstrikes would include ISIS targets in Syria . And last week he also asked Congress for authorization to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels . The authority comes under Title 10 of the U.S. code , which deals with military powers , and Congress could vote on granting it this week . Approval also would allow the United States to accept money from other countries for backing the Syrian opposition forces . A senior administration official told reporters Monday that Obama has been making calls to Democratic and Republican members of Congress , asking them to pass the authorization . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry courted Middle Eastern leaders over the weekend to join a coalition in the fight against the Islamist militant group , which calls itself the Islamic State . More than two dozen nations , the Arab League , the European Union and United Nations met in the French capital Monday , calling ISIS a threat to the international community and agreeing to "  ensure that the culprits are brought to justice . " The United States has conducted more than 150 airstrikes in Iraq against ISIS , and Kerry has said nearly 40 nations have agreed to contribute to the fight against the militants . But it remains unclear which countries are on that list and the precise roles they 'll play . What should the world know about Muslims ? CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jim Acosta , Ashley Fantz and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The U.S. military says an airstrike near Baghdad is the first in "  expanded efforts " Appears to be closest U.S. airstrikes have come to capital in campaign against ISIS It destroyed an ISIS position that had been firing at Iraqi forces , Central Command says
Reacting to "  feedback from the Xbox community , " Microsoft is appearing to reverse course and change two key components to policies for its new Xbox One video game console . All disc-based games can be played without ever connecting online , and the 24-hour connection requirement has been dropped , according to an update to a May post concerning questions about the new device , due to be released this fall . Additionally , there will be no limitations to using and sharing games , Don Mattrick , president of the Interactive Entertainment Business division , says in the post . People will be able to share , trade or resell their games in the same way they do for Xbox 360 games . The changes indicate Microsoft is having second thoughts about some of its future plans with the Xbox One . The post read , "  Update on June 19 , 2013 : As a result of feedback from the Xbox community , we have changed certain policies for Xbox One reflected in this blog . Some of this information is no longer accurate . " The company has been taking a public berating since it announced restrictions to used games and their requirement for an Internet connection . Consumers have been reacting with anger over the policies , but the tipping point may have been when Jimmy Fallon , host of NBC 's "  Late Night , " pointed out that only the PlayStation 4 could freely play used games , which created more confusion . The flogging became worse when Sony took to the stage at this year 's Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  trade show and pointedly did not include such restrictions for the new PlayStation 4 . A YouTube video produced by Sony made fun of the used-game restriction by showing how people could share games on the PlayStation 4 -- by just handing them to another person . Fans air concerns about new PlayStation , Xbox The new Xbox One used-games policy only affects disc-based games . Titles downloaded through Xbox Live can not be shared or resold . Also , disc-based games must have the disc inside the console to play . The changes being made also affect its proposed family sharing policy . Since Microsoft is allowing players to have the flexibility to use games offline , it will not be launching its family sharing plan , which would have allowed up to 10 family members to log in and play games from anywhere . However , Marc Whitten , chief product officer for Xbox , told CNN the company still believes very deeply in its digital vision . "  So much of what we 've built around our digital ecosystem still works , " Whitten said . "  It 's what we building in how you can use your games . Our online vision and the Xbox One architecture really power the complete new experience in how the Cloud changes everything and we 're massively invested in this . " He also said the flexibility the company added for physical-disc play will not change for the life of the Xbox One . Whitten said there are no changes surrounding the addition of Kinect with the Xbox One . He said the company believes the motion sensor/controller is critical to building out the next generation experiences gamers are craving . The Xbox One will cost about $ 100 more than Sony 's PlayStation 4  $ 499 versus $ 399  , but officials at the Redmond , Washington-based company believe their console will be worth the value . "  While we believe that the majority of people will play games online and access the cloud for both games and entertainment , we will give consumers the choice of both physical and digital content , " Whitten wrote in the blog post . "  We have listened and we have heard loud and clear from your feedback that you want the best of both worlds . " The top games of E3 2013	Microsoft has updated two controversial policies for its Xbox One game console People will be able to play disc-based games without going online The changes came after Sony mocked the limitations , which do not exist in the PS4
London  CNN  -- An $ 11.7 million win at a London casino by top American poker player Phil Ivey has been referred to the British Gambling Commission , a source familiar with the casino confirmed Monday after media reports surfaced that the payout was being withheld . Ivey hit a winning streak over two nights in August playing punto banco at Crockfords , Britain 's oldest private gaming club , according to The Daily Mail newspaper . The source , who declined to be identified because he has been asked by Crockfords not to speak about the case , confirmed the accuracy of the Daily Mail report . The source did not provide details of why the win was referred to the commission , which regulates commercial gambling , and said the casino has not had contact with legal representatives for Ivey . Both the gambling commission and Crockfords declined to comment . Ivey could not be reached Monday for a response to the reports . Punto banco is a form of the baccarat card game favored among high-rollers . Ivey , 35 , has won eight World Series of Poker bracelets and more than $ 6.2 million during his career . With his sixth-place ranking in the WSOP and his penchant for playing high-stakes , the organization calls him "  arguably the best poker player in the world . "	Phil Ivey won $ 11.7 million playing Punto Banco in August His payout is being withheld while the case is referred to the British Gambling Commission Ivey could not be reached for comment Monday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Home Office said Wednesday it is banning the military wing of Hezbollah , the Lebanese political movement , because of its support for "  terrorism " in Iraq and the Palestinian territories . Hezbollah fighters with the Shiite militia 's yellow flags during ceremony for slain commander Imad Mughnieh . Parliament must approve the order for it to become law . The announcement would make it a crime to belong to or encourage support for Hezbollah 's military wing . The order does not apply to Hezbollah 's political or social activities . "  It sends out a clear message that we condemn Hezbollah 's violence and support for terrorism , " Home Office minister Tony McNulty said in a statement . Britain 's Terrorism Act allows Home Secretary Jacqui Smith to ban any group that she believes is involved in terrorism . "  Hezbollah 's military wing is providing active support to militants in Iraq who are responsible for attacks both on coalition forces and on Iraqi civilians , including providing training in the use of deadly roadside bombs , " McNulty said . "  Hezbollah 's military wing also provides support to Palestinian terrorist groups in the occupied Palestinian territories , such as Palestinian Islamic Jihad . " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the ban came after "  new evidence " of Hezbollah 's involvement in terrorism in Iraq and the Palestinian territories . In the House of Commons , Brown called on Hezbollah to lay down its arms and participate in the Lebanese political process "  on the same terms as other political parties . " Hezbollah is the largest Shiite Muslim political movement in Lebanon and maintains an armed force that fought a month-long war with Israel in 2006 . The group has been linked to numerous terrorist attacks against American , Israeli , and other Western targets and the United States lists it as a terrorist organization . But many in Lebanon and other parts of the Middle East , particularly Shiites , view Hezbollah militants as freedom fighters .	UK Terrorism Act allows Home Secretary to ban suspected terror groups Will become a crime to belong to , encourage support for Hezbollah 's military wing UK PM : Ban came after "  new evidence " of Hezbollah 's involvement in terrorism Hezbollah is the largest Shiite Muslim political movement in Lebanon
CNN  -- Two very different images captivated Internet viewers on Wednesday . First , a YouTube video of an eagle snatching up a toddler captivated millions of viewers , some of whom may not have immediately realized it was fake . Uploaded on Tuesday , the clip shows a golden eagle swooping out of the sky to grab an infant in its talons , then dropping the child seconds later . Despite broad and immediate skepticism of its authenticity , it had more than 5 million views by Wednesday evening . The Canadian digital-media school where the video was created issued a statement Wednesday afternoon clarifying the clip as a hoax and naming the students involved . However the school , Centre NAD , was unapologetic about its prank , even pointing viewers to another hoax video , created by students , of an unlikely penguin escape .  The penguin video had a paltry 37,000 views . Comments on YouTube and the school 's website were mixed . Sandra Bauer wrote , " ... it would be a good idea to post some links to raptor rescue centres . This video will undoubtedly spawn irrational fear of eagles and others . " A YouTube commenter , DJ Mykee , had a more light-hearted view : "  KIDNAPPING CHILDREN IS "  ILL-EAGLE . " Considering that the bald eagle is a national symbol of U.S. , maybe it 's fitting that the day 's other viral imagery involved President Barack Obama . Time 's website published a behind-the-scenes gallery of photos of Obama , snapped by White House photographer Pete Souza , to accompany the magazine naming Obama its Person of the Year . One of them showed Obama at the White House , pretending to be caught in a pint-sized Spider-Man 's web . Although Time 's choice of Obama over Pakistani schoolgirl activist Malala Yousafzai was controversial to some , Twitter was immediately captivated by the Spider-Man image . Obama posted the photo Wednesday morning on his Twitter account , and by the evening it had been retweeted more than 9,200 times . @michael_lobster tweeted , "  I really hope that this is the plot of the new Spider-Man movie . " The tone on Facebook was decidedly less enthusiastic . "  Am I the only one who is skeptical of all these cute kid picture situations the President seems to find himself in ? Authentic or staged ? " wrote Sunny Blankinship . "  I do n't know about politics , but I can tell you one thing , " wrote Kaldrenon on the social platform Reddit . "  I want to be the kind of father Obama is , and treat all kids this well . " "  The photo , " wrote Gawker , "  does a better job of cementing the correctness of Time 's selection than any 10,000-word profile can . " CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Fake video of eagle snatching a toddler has more than 5 million YouTube views Students of a Canadian animation school claim responsibility Photo of Obama with pint-sized superhero results in collective "  awwwww " Obama-Spidey pic has been retweeted more than 9,000 times
CNN  -- X-ray data from NASA 's MESSENGER probe points to high levels of magnesium and sulfur on the surface of the planet Mercury , suggesting its makeup is far different from that of other planets , scientists say . The unmanned orbiter has been beaming back data from the first planet for a year and a half . Readings from its X-ray spectrometer point to a planet whose northern volcanic plains formed through upwellings of rocks more exotic than those often found on the Earth , the Moon or Mars , said Shoshana Weider , a researcher at the Carnegie Institution of Washington . "  Before this MESSENGER mission , a lot of people assumed it was very like the Moon -- it 's dark , it 's grey , " Weider said . But while the Moon 's surface formed when light materials floated to the top of an ocean of molten rock , the low level of calcium on Mercury indicates that did n't happen there . "  This gives us clues to the kind of precursor materials that accreted to form Mercury , in an extremely oxygen-poor environment , " Weider said . A short history of the Space Shuttle Endeavor The concentration of sulfur on the surface is about 10 times that seen on Earth , she said . And while Mercury 's iron core "  makes up a huge amount of the planet , " very little is found at the surface . The northern region of volcanic plains differs significantly from the surrounding portion of Mercury , where the surface -- as dated by the number of craters -- is about a billion years older , Weider said . The results were published in the latest issue of the Journal of Geophysical Research , a peer-reviewed publication of the American Geophysical Union . Weider and her co-authors studied 205 different readings from the spectrometer to produce their results . MESSENGER -- an acronym for the Mercury Surface Space Environment , Geochemistry and Ranging mission -- has been orbiting Mercury since March 2011 . It 's only the second spacecraft to reach the planet and the first to circle it . It 's about 5 % the size of Earth and revolves around the sun every 88 days . It rotates very slowly -- once every 58 Earth days -- and the surface temperature on the day side can reach 800 degrees Fahrenheit  425 C  , according to NASA . Read more space and science news on CNN 's Light Years	NASA probe gives insight into Mercury 's formation The surface has sulfur levels 10 times higher than Earth 's The MESSENGER orbiter has been circling Mercury since March 2011
CNN  -- Why does the use of chemical weapons justify international retribution with military force , in a way that two years of brutal repression with tanks and planes does not ? And where in international law is the legal "  cover " for such action ? If the Obama administration is planning for limited military strikes against Syria to hold the regime "  accountable " -- in the words of senior officials -- for using chemical weapons , it is probably drafting some answers to those questions . The president put it like this in his CNN interview last week : "  If the U.S. goes in and attacks another country without a U.N. mandate and without clear evidence that can be presented , then there are questions in terms of whether international law supports it , do we have the coalition to make it work ? " Forcibly intervening for humanitarian reasons , to protect innocents from appalling suffering , is a noble concept , one that would draw on the moral outrage felt around the world . The thrust of President Obama 's argument has always been humanitarian : that using chemical weapons , which are horrendous and indiscriminate by nature , would cross a "  red line . " Who wants what after chemical weapons horror U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry amplified the argument Monday when he said , "  President Obama believes there must be accountability for those who would use the world 's most heinous weapons against the world 's most vulnerable people . " In other words , the "  strictly legal " should not be allowed to cancel out a legitimate and necessary course of action , even if international law provides no clear support for intervention on humanitarian grounds . France , the UK , Turkey and Germany have all signaled support for such an approach . "  The international community must act should the use of such weapons be confirmed , " says German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle . But in this instance , the international community is likely to mean NATO , not the United Nations , and that would carry much less weight in international law . Missile strikes on Syria likely response to chemical attack Pre-emptive force to protect U.S. allies Ashley Deeks , who worked in the Legal Adviser 's Office at the State Department for a decade , wrote on the Lawfare blog that the U.S. "  might believe that a Syrian use of chemical weapons is likely to affect neighboring  and friendly  states such as Turkey and Jordan , " depending on where they were used . Daniel Bethlehem , who held a similar position at the UK Foreign Office , adds that the request by Turkey for Patriot missile batteries last year "  suggests the possibility of a collective self-defence rationale for military intervention to address such a threat . " This argument for "  anticipatory " self-defense , to take out something before it is used against you or your allies , is gaining favor in light of the nuclear programs being developed by Iran and North Korea and the unpredictable nature of the global terrorist threat . After 9/11 , the Bush administration fashioned a national security strategy that included and justified the use of pre-emptive force . "  We must be prepared to stop rogue states and their terrorist clients before they are able to threaten or use weapons of mass destruction against the United States and our allies and friends , " the 2002 document said . Obama hinted at this argument in an interview with CNN last week . "  When you start seeing chemical weapons used on a large scale ... that starts getting to some core national interests that the United States has , both in terms of us making sure that weapons of mass destruction are not proliferating , as well as needing to protect our allies , our bases in the region . " Intervening in Middle East turmoil : Mission impossible ? Intervening in Kosovo Some observers have invoked the precedent of NATO 's 78 days of bombardment against Serbian forces in Kosovo and in Serbia in 1999 . The alliance argued that as a regional grouping , it had the right to intervene in Kosovo to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe and protect the stability of Serbia 's neighbors . "  We can not stand by and let the Serbs crack down again on the Kosovar Albanians , " said then-U.S. State Department spokesman Jamie Rubin . "  We believe that is a substantial and legitimate grounds for action internationally . " Even so , U.S. and NATO officials , from then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright down , argued later that Kosovo should not be seen as a precedent . The U.S. State Department 's legal adviser at the time , Michael Mathison , talked about a "  unique combination of a number of factors " and insisted the U.S. and its allies did not see humanitarian intervention as the legal basis for the Kosovo campaign . In the case of Syria , neither the United Nations charter nor the Security Council is likely to offer much cover for intervention . The charter forbids the "  use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state " but allows for the use of force in self-defense . Article 51 reads , in part : "  Nothing in the present Charter shall impair the inherent right of individual or collective self-defence if an armed attack occurs against a Member of the United Nations . " This would be known -- in U.N. parlance -- as a Chapter VII resolution , and was the basis for intervention in the Korean War and after Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait . It was also used , more controversially , to sanction military intervention in Libya in 2011 as it appeared Benghazi was on the verge of a bloodbath . UN Security Council Resolution 1973 authorized member states "  to take all necessary measures ... to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack " in Libya . But it seems very unlikely that the United States and other like-minded governments could convince Russia and China that Chapter VII applies in the case of Syria . Both Moscow and Beijing were angered that the resolution that green-lit the intervention in Libya in 2011 -- enforcing a no-fly zone on humanitarian grounds -- fast became the fig leaf for a campaign to remove Moammar Gadhafi . They have no intention of issuing another carte blanche . ` Red line ' debate : Are chemical weapons in Syria worse than attacks ? Geneva Gas Protocol Specifically on the use of chemical weapons , there is the 1925 Geneva Gas Protocol , drawn up after mustard and other asphyxiating gas attacks in the trenches during World War I. Syria is a party to the protocol , so it is bound not to use chemical weapons in war . Open to argument is whether "  war " includes internal conflict , but there is a growing body of international law that suggests it does . The statute of the International Criminal Court recognizes conflicts "  that take place in the territory of a State when there is protracted armed conflict between governmental authorities and organized armed groups or between such groups . " And the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia held that "  there undisputedly emerged a general consensus in the international community on the principle that the use of  chemical  weapons is also prohibited in internal armed conflicts . " After two years of carnage in Syria , there is a lively debate under way about whether the use of chemical weapons is a game changer . As Max Fisher put it in The Washington Post in April , "  It 's more than just Syria : it 's about every war that comes after , about what kind of warfare the world is willing to allow , about preserving the small but crucial gains we 've made over the last century in constraining warfare in its most terrible forms . " White House spokesman Jay Carney stressed "  this specific violation of international norms " on Monday . Not everyone agrees . "  Why should the U.S. be willing to intervene if chemical weapons kill 1,000 civilians , but not if ordinary weapons kill tens of thousands ? " Kevin Jon Heller asked Tuesday on the blog Opinio Juris . Gingrich : Stay out of Syria 's civil war Selective U.S. intervention And history shows the U.S. has been selective in intervening , or even condemning , previous use of chemical weapons . Saddam Hussein used chemical weapons not only against the Kurdish civilians of Halabja in 1988 but frequently as a weapon of war against Iranian troops . And the United States , according to a well-sourced article in "  Foreign Policy " this week , was complicit in those attacks . "  The Iraqis never told us that they intended to use nerve gas . They did n't have to . We already knew , " said Rick Francona , who was the U.S. military attache in Baghdad in 1988 . Anxious that Iranian troops were about to make a strategic breakthrough , "  U.S. intelligence officials conveyed the location of the Iranian troops to Iraq , fully aware that Hussein 's military would attack with chemical weapons , including sarin , a lethal nerve agent , " wrote Shane Harris and Matthew Aid in "  Foreign Policy . " And they cite a top-secret document drawn up at the CIA at the time . "  If the Iraqis produce or acquire large new supplies of mustard agent , they almost certainly would use it against Iranian troops and towns near the border . " Finally , there is the U.S. Constitution , which holds that only Congress can declare war and only Congress can appropriate the funds to wage war . The last time such niceties were observed was for America 's entrance into World War II . The 1973 War Powers Act requires the president to notify Congress within 48 hours of launching military action and bars U.S. armed forces from fighting for more than 60 days without congressional approval . That may be 58 days longer than any action against Syria . When the Libya campaign began , Obama simply informed Congress that it was "  to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe and address the threat posed to international peace and security by the crisis in Libya . " An attempt by Rep. Denis Kucinich , D-Ohio , to invoke the War Powers Act went nowhere . When it comes to punishing the Syrian regime -- if it is proved to have used chemical weapons -- arguments over what is legal or legitimate recall a famous passage from "  Alice Through the Looking Glass . " "  When I use a word , " Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone , "  it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less . " "  The question is , " said Alice , "  whether you can make words mean so many different things . "	President has said that Syria 's use of chemical weapons would cross a "  red line " Administration might be asking : What justifies military action , and where 's legal cover for it ? International law provides no clear support for intervention on humanitarian grounds Syria is bound by the Geneva Gas Protocol , but does that cover internal conflict ?
Moderate exercise can help patients with failing hearts feel better -- and it 's safe , according to the largest-ever study of exercise in people with chronic heart failure , published as two articles in the Journal of the American Medical Association . Patients in the exercise group were given exercise training and either a treadmill or an exercise bike . The study 's results may not have been groundbreaking : Fewer than half of patients were fully following the recommended exercise regimen  the equivalent of brisk walking or stationary cycling for about two to three hours a week  by the end of the study , and the effect of exercise on mortality and hospitalization risk was small . But these benefits should n't be dismissed , given the poor quality of life many chronic heart failure patients have , says Clyde Yancy , M.D. , medical director of the Baylor Heart and Vascular Institute in Houston , Texas . "  Having any strategy that 's reasonable , that has the potential to help even a little bit , is pretty important , " says Yancy , who was not involved in the research . "  The real gain might be in helping our patients feel better . " About 5 million people in the United States have chronic heart failure , in which the heart becomes too weak to pump blood through the body effectively . Not too long ago , bed rest was the standard treatment for these patients , who suffer from fatigue , difficulty breathing , and swelling of the legs , among other symptoms . But for the past 20 or 30 years , evidence has been trickling in to show that these patients can actually benefit from being active , says Kathryn E. Flynn , Ph.D. , of Duke University School of Medicine in Durham , North Carolina . To get a clearer sense of the benefits  and potential risks  of exercise for heart failure patients , Flynn -- along with Christopher M. O'Connor , M.D. , director of the Heart Center at Duke , as well as colleagues from several centers across the country -- randomly assigned 2,331 men and women with heart failure to one of two groups : standard medical care plus aerobic exercise training or standard care only . People in the exercise group started out with 36 supervised-exercise sessions , then were sent home with a treadmill or exercise bike and instructed to get 120 to 200 minutes of exercise a week . Within three months , Flynn and her team found , the exercisers said they felt better . "  The average difference was modest , but it happened early , " Flynn says . "  And it persisted over time : 54 percent of the men and women in this group reported clinically meaningful improvements in their health status three months into the study , compared with 29 percent of people in the control group . " After two and a-half years , the people in the exercise group were slightly less likely to be hospitalized for any cause or for heart failure . They were also at modestly reduced risk of death from any cause , as well as death from heart failure . Unsurprisingly , exercisers also were somewhat more fit than they were at the study 's outset . Health.com : What puts you at risk for high cholesterol ? "  I think this study really helps to show that when you look across a lot of different people , exercise is a good thing , " Flynn says , noting that past studies have included far fewer women and older people . Given that fewer than half of the patients in the exercise group were actually following recommendations for physical activity by the end of the study -- par for the course with behavioral-intervention trials requiring lifestyle changes -- O'Connor says he was n't disappointed that the benefits were small . "  Really , it 's quite remarkable in my opinion that we found these modest improvements , " he adds . Health.com : Good fats vs. bad fats : Which fats are good for your heart ? When O'Connor and his colleagues broke down the results based on how well people were sticking to the exercise recommendations , an analysis not published in the JAMA paper , more striking differences emerged . "  The more you did with greater intensity , the greater benefit , " O'Connor says . It 's also important , he adds , that the research was able to confirm that exercise does not carry risks for people with stable heart failure . "  It was not known that it was safe with this degree of certainty , " O'Connor says . The question now , Yancy says , is whether insurers will decide to pay to help chronic heart failure patients exercise , given the modesty of the benefits . "  We really ca n't deploy this in a broad way without getting support from payers , " he adds . "  I ca n't forecast which way that will go . " Health.com : How I survived a heart attack at 43 But O'Connor is willing to hazard a guess . Because his analysis suggests that patients with the most severe heart failure benefit the most from exercise , he says , it 's likely that insurers will pay for exercise training for these patients who will offer them the "  biggest bang for the buck . " Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Health - CLICK HERE ! Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Exercise in heart-failure patients is safe , helps well-being , reduces mortality About 5 million people in the United States have chronic heart failure In heart failure , the heart is too weak to pump blood through the body effectively
CNN  -- France has been accused of passing the problems of its long-neglected suburbs off to others , after the country 's Socialist president Francois Hollande agreed to a deal in which Qatar will invest millions of euros to help regenerate the disadvantaged "  banlieues " of Paris . The plan , which has been met with widespread criticism from across the political spectrum , was first put forward in November last year under the tenure of former president Nicolas Sarkozy . Aneld , a group representing local elected officials who advocate for diversity in deprived areas met with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani , the Emir of Qatar last November , to secure an investment of 50 million euros . The vice-president of Aneld , Leila Leghmara , told CNN she had regularly been approached by young people brimming with ambitious projects , but had no financial backing to see them through . The idea behind the fund is to inspire hope in the poor , troubled French suburbs with high immigrant populations . But the plans were put on hold by Sarkozy , for fear of jeopardizing his chances of re-election -- his infamous suggestion to "  clean the suburbs with a high pressure hose " when acting as minister of the interior in 2005 had not been forgotten . The fund was given new life last week when members of Aneld met with the French industrial recovery minister , Arnaud Montebourg , who approved the plan and agreed to match Qatar 's investment , bringing the fund 's total to 100 million euros . With Qatar already having made large investments in French utility companies such as Veolia and Suez environment , as well as media group Lagardere , and more recently the purchase of French football club Paris Saint-Germain , this latest announcement of French-Qatari cooperation was met with heavy criticism by both the French left and right . Lionel Luca , the Member of Parliament for the center-right Union of Popular Movement  UMP  , called for a parliamentary investigation into Qatar 's "  interest " in France in an open letter to the president of the National Assembly . "  It would not be troubling if Qatar were a secular democracy or even a non-proselytising religious state . However , this country practices fundamentalist Islam , " Luca wrote . Nicolas Demorand , editor-in-chef of France 's left wing newspaper Liberation , questioned the motives behind the investment in an editorial . "  To see Qatar land in the French suburbs as a stand-in for a cash-strapped French Republic deserves to be looked at twice , " Demorand mused . Marine Le Pen , head of France 's far right National Front party , whose presidential campaign played heavily on the fear of immigrants -- particularly those of Muslim origins , also weighed in with a communique titled "  French Islamic Trojan Horse , " in which she accused Qatar of investing in the "  banlieues " because of the high number of Muslims present there . "  These investments are in no way for humanitarian reasons , they are political and religious . It is a major political mistake to accept this and it will come at the price of our independence not only in our country but also in the context of our international policy , " she wrote . CNN has sought comment from the Qatari government and from French government officials on the plan , but has not yet received a response . Leghmara is concerned that the fund is proving divisive as the details of how the money will be spent are yet to be decided . She argues the investment will be a huge help to all those who are out of work . With the number of unemployed in France reaching three million in August -- the highest figure since 1999 -- she believes job creation would be welcomed .	Qatar to invest millions of euros to help regenerate disadvantaged suburbs of Paris Plan has been approved by France 's President Francois Hollande Scheme has come in for criticism from across the political spectrum
CNN  -- Online and on the air , talking about sports has almost always been a guy thing . Former athletes and coaches banter on a more-or-less equal footing with other guys who 've never played a down or never hiked a ball but have a head full of stats and an encyclopedic knowledge of the manly arts . Meshall Shuman zooms in on Hattie Lemon at a recent taping of "  Ladies in the Locker Room " It 's almost insulting to say the obvious , but there are plenty of women who know their sports , too . And they have their own sports show , one that offers an alternative to the "  testosterone ceiling " of the guys ' club . It 's called "  Ladies in the Locker Room , " and TV subscribers in the Atlanta , Georgia , area have been tuning in to its unique brand of sports commentary , analysis and trivia since 2004 . Watch the ` Ladies in the Locker Room ' " The show is the brainchild of Hattie Lemon , a prolific writer , director , producer and actor whose independent crime series "  Atlanta Homicide " is featured on the CoLours TV network . "  Ladies in the locker room are not women who think they know everything about sports ; they just know the men who do , " Lemon said . It 's one of the catchphrases she uses to describe the show that immediately disarms most critics who otherwise would n't respect an all-female sports show . "  It 's all women , all sports , all sexy , " Lemon said . "  It 's a combination of my love of sports and my love of media . " Each year for the past five years , Lemon has recruited a new group of personalities and production crew members to punch out about a half-dozen shows . The show is captured live at sports clubs and restaurants across the Atlanta metro area , with additional time in the studio to create produced segments to add to the mix . Photo gallery : Making ` Ladies in the Locker Room ' " And for the second time in the show 's history , Lemon is traveling to the Super Bowl with a handful of her ladies and a production crew to create a version of the show featuring interviews with the celebrities and stars flocking to football 's big game . Soma Balber , a self-professed superfan of the Los Angeles Lakers basketball team and one of the show 's commentators for the 2008-09 season , first got to know Lemon when she began playing a recurring role in "  Atlanta Homicide . " They got to talking about sports , and Balber was asked to be a part of the show . "  It 's kind of nice to show the audience that women can have fun watching sports , " Balber said . "  And we want to educate women about sports as well . " Lemon , who describes herself as a huge fan of professional football , says she hopes her show will lead more men to understand that women love sports , too . "  When women talk about sports , sometimes men look at us as groupies , " Lemon said . "  Men do n't think women understand sports . " As for men who have never played sports but still know all the stats ? They get the "  man pass . " It 's not fair , she says , but "  it is what it is . I just hope we get more women talking about sports . "	Hattie Lemon created show to merge loves of sports and media "  Ladies " offers commentary , analysis and trivia Lemon and her crew are traveling to the Super Bowl next week
CNN  -- "  The Simpsons " co-creator Sam Simon is facing terminal illness the best way he knows how : with a sense of humor and a generous heart . It was two years ago that Simon , 59 , was told that he had colon cancer and had just three to six months to live . "  They showed me my scans and said , these are the scans of a dead man , " Simon recalled in an interview with NBC 's Maria Shriver . "  I said , ` Is it curable ? ' And the doctor goes , ` We do n't use that word . ' " Though his doctor could n't cure him , he could work to keep Simon alive . "  And he 's done a remarkable job of it , " Simon said . "  I feel great . I 've never been happier . " Some of that happiness comes from being "  surrounded by people that love me and take care of me and would do anything for me , " Simon said . "  That 's called happiness . " But part of his peace comes from his philanthropy . When Simon learned of his diagnosis , he made a promise to give away his fortune . He never did say how much he 's made over his many years in Hollywood , working on "  The Simpsons " in addition to hits like "  Taxi " and "  Cheers . " But what is clear is that however much he has , he wants it to go toward animal welfare and to feed the hungry . "  Ingrid Newkirk , who is the founder of PETA and one of the most influential people in my life ... she came up with an almost therapy for me , where we planned and are still planning a series of animal liberations and actions that I get to participate in and enjoy and have something to look forward to at the same time , " Simon said . There 's also his philanthropic organization , the Sam Simon Foundation , which aids animals and has a "  feeding families program that feeds 400 families a day in Los Angeles . " His passion for these causes comes from a responsibility he feels , Simon explained , "  to speak for those who ca n't speak for themselves . " Simon was honest about how difficult his diagnosis has been -- "  cancer is a horrible disease ,  and  I am struggling with it , " he told Shriver -- but he added that it 's also been a lesson . "  It has been a fight ; it 's been an adventure ; it 's been an education , " Simon said . "  It 's been the most amazing experience of my life . "	"  The Simpsons " co-creator was told he had three to six months to live Now , he 's still fighting and devoted to giving back Simon : Cancer has been one of the most amazing experiences of my life
EW.com  -- "  Doctor Who " executive producer Stephen Moffat announced that actress Jenna-Louise Coleman will play Matt Smith 's new companion following the departure of Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill later this year . "  It 's not often the Doctor meets someone who can talk even faster than he does , but it 's about to happen , " Moffat said in a statement . "  Jenna is going to lead him on his merriest dance yet . And that 's all you 're getting for now . Who she 's playing , how the Doctor meets her , and even where he finds her , are all part of one of the biggest mysteries the Time Lord ever encounters . Even by the Doctor 's standards , this is n't your usual boy-meets-girl . " The 25-year-old Coleman 's credits include the British soap "  Emmerdale , " "  Captain America , " and the upcoming miniseries "  Titanic , " which was penned by "  Downton Abbey " creator Julian Fellowes and will be broadcast by ABC on April 14 and 15 . According to Metro , Moffat revealed at a press conference that Gillan 's Amy and Darvill 's Rory would make their exit from the show in the fifth episode of the new season . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jenna-Louise Coleman will play Matt Smith 's new companion on "  Doctor Who " Her appearance will follow the departure of Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill later this year The 25-year-old Coleman 's credits include the British soap "  Emmerdale " and "  Captain America "
CNN  -- Quoting Ezekiel 25:17 from "  Pulp Fiction " will likely get you laughed out of Sunday school class . That 's because the Bible verse , as recited by Samuel L. Jackson 's character , Jules Winnfield , does n't actually exist . In the film , Winnfield speaks these words to people before he kills them : "  The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men . Blessed is he who , in the name of charity and good will , shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness . For he is truly his brother 's keeper and the finder of lost children . And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers . And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you . " The actual Bible verse says , "  I will carry out great vengeance on them and punish them in my wrath . Then they will know that I am the Lord , when I take vengeance on them . ' " Scripture is n't the only thing writer-director Quentin Tarantino took creative liberties with for the film that opened in theaters on October 14 , 1994 . In honor of "  Pulp Fiction 's " 20th anniversary , here are 20 fun facts about the movie that still reigns as one of the greats : 1 . Vincent Vega 's trips to the bathroom Potty breaks are bad news in this film . Whenever John Travolta 's character , Vincent Vega , takes a powder , tragedy occurs . During his three bathroom breaks , Mia Wallace  played by Uma Thurman  overdoses , the restaurant where he and Jules are dining is held up , and Bruce Willis ' Butch Coolidge gets the drop on him . 2 . F'ed up The F-word is used 265 times in the movie . Go ahead and count it . 3 . The notebook Fueled by the money he had made from his film "  Reservoir Dogs " and the deal he had for "  Pulp Fiction , " Tarantino took off to Amsterdam to write the latter . According to Vanity Fair , "  He bought school notebooks and declared about one of them , like a modern-day Hemingway , ` This is the notebook in which I am going to write Pulp Fiction . ' " He ended up filling several notebooks . 4 . The Honda Tarantino got a lot of use out of the Honda Civic that Butch drives in the film . It 's the same car Pam Grier drives in the title role of "  Jackie Brown , " and appears in a parking lot scene in "  Kill Bill : Volume 2 . " 5 . Oops with the coat At the beginning of the now-infamous overdose scene , Mia is wearing Vincent 's coat . Moments later she goes to light a cigarette and is no longer wearing it . The coat magically appears back on her once the cigarette is lit . 6 . Robert Redford could have starred Ronnie Yeskel , the film 's casting director , told Flavorwire that unlike on "  Reservoir Dogs , " Hollywood agencies "  were pitching Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman and Bruce , Bruce Willis -- just the biggest names in the business that you could imagine . " "  And we 're sitting there in these rooms with all these suits , and they all look alike , and we 're like kids in a candy store , " Yeskel said . "  We could n't believe they were pitching these people to us . " 7 . Or Ellen Ellen DeGeneres tried out for the role of Jody , the pierced face wife of Vincent 's drug dealer , that ultimately went to Rosanna Arquette . 8 . Kathy Griffin made it in as did ... Blink and you may miss her , but comedian Kathy Griffin appears in the scene where bad guy Marsellus Wallace and Butch collide . Griffin has said she used to date Tarantino . Steve Buscemi , who now stars in "  Boardwalk Empire , " also made a cameo as the Buddy Holly waiter at Jack Rabbit Slim 's . 9 . Tricky camera work The scene where Travolta 's Vincent plunges a needle into the chest of Thurman 's Mia to revive her from an overdose using adrenaline was filmed with Travolta pulling the needle out of her and then the film was run backward . 10 . Jackson was convincing Producer Richard Gladstein told Vanity Fair that when Jackson did his second audition for his role he showed up with a burger and fries -- key props in one of the film 's pivotal scenes . The actor proceeded to consume the meal so menacingly that Gladstein said , "  I thought that this guy was going to shoot a gun right through my head . " 11 . On drugs One of Tarantino 's friends , a recovering heroin addict , advised Travolta on how best to portray a man riding that horse . He told the actor that getting drunk on tequila while relaxing in a hot bath would closely approximate a heroin high without him actually having to do the drug . 12 . That bad wallet The director did n't have to look far for one of the film 's most memorable props . Jules ' wallet , which had "  Bad Mother F **** r " written on the front of it , actually belonged to Tarantino . 13 . The watch transporter When Captain Koons  Christopher Walken  tells a young Butch the story about the gold watch that was a family heirloom , he refers to a soldier named Winocki who transported it . Joe Winocki was the name of a character in the 1943 film "  Air Force , " directed by Howard Hawks , one of Tarantino 's personal heroes . 14 . "  The Wolf " No one else could have played the man who specialized in messy cleanups : Tarantino reportedly wrote the character of Winston "  The Wolf " Wolfe specifically for Harvey Keitel . 15 . The same pie If Fabienne 's line , "  Any time of day is a good time for pie , " sounds familiar , it should . The character of Alabama says the same thing in another Tarantino film , "  True Romance . " 16 . What 's in the case ? There have been countless theories about what was in that mysterious briefcase that Jules and Vinnie had to protect -- with everything from gold to Marsellus ' soul being suggested . But Tarantino has said in interviews that it 's whatever fans choose it to be , though he has also had fun with fans promising a "  reveal . " 17 . Keeping it in the family Travolta 's character , Vincent Vega , is the brother of Vic Vega , aka Mr. Blonde , from Tarantino 's "  Reservoir Dogs . " Michael Madsen played the character in that film . 18 . The meaning of the Band-Aid Marsellus sports a Band-Aid on the back of his neck for a reason : It covers up a scar actor Ving Rhames had . 19 . The dance trophy The audience is led to believe that Vincent and Mia won the dance contest at the Jack Rabbit Slim 's restaurant . But late in the film , when Butch is returning to get his watch , there 's a radio bulletin about the trophy having been stolen . 20 . The Gimp had a wife "  Saturday Night Live " alum Julia Sweeney had a bit role in "  Pulp Fiction " as a junkyard owner and The Wolf 's breakfast date , Raquel . In real life , she had been married to Stephen Hibbert , who played The Gimp in the film .	Quentin Tarantino 's film opened in theaters in October 1994 The movie helped revive John Travolta 's career The F-word is used 265 times in the movie
Legendary photographer Michel du Cille , a 26-year veteran of The Washington Post , unexpectedly died on Thursday while on assignment in Liberia . The Post said du Cille , 58 , collapsed "  during a strenuous hike on the way back from a village " affected by the African country 's Ebola outbreak . He was traveling with Post correspondent Justin Jouvenal . "  He remained unconscious , and was taken to a nearby clinic , where he had difficulty breathing , " the Post said . "  He was then transported to Phebe hospital , two hours away , where he was declared dead by doctors . " The news stunned many staffers at the Post , where du Cille was respected and beloved . He was a three-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize , the highest honor in print journalism . Post executive editor Marty Baron called du Cille "  one of the world 's great photographers . " Du Cille 's wife , Nikki Kahn , also is a photographer . "  Michel du Cille was one of the people who made the Post the Post , " the newspaper 's senior politics editor Steven Ginsberg wrote on Twitter . "  We lost one of our heroes today , " wrote Emilio Garcia-Ruiz , the Post 's managing editor for digital . Lenny Bernstein , who traveled with du Cille on an Ebola reporting trip in September , wrote , "  An indescribable loss for us and the people of Africa you brought into our homes with your photos . " According to the Post , du Cille had taken a four-week break and had gotten back to Liberia on Tuesday . "  Michel died at 58 doing the work he loved , " Baron said in a memorandum to staffers . "  He was completely devoted to the story of Ebola , and he was determined to stay on the story despite its risks . That is the sort of courage and passion he displayed throughout his career . " A Post spokeswoman said there was no connection between du Cille 's death and the Ebola outbreak in Liberia . People we 've lost in 2014	Michel du Cille , 58 , was a 26-year veteran of The Washington Post He died in Libera on assignment covering Ebola outbreak He "  was one of the people who made the Post the Post , " colleague tweets
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen foiled an al Qaeda plot to capture oil and gas facilities and seize two key southern ports early this week , a spokesman for the prime minister said Wednesday . However , another Yemeni government official said it did not appear that the plot was the terror threat that prompted the United States on Tuesday to urge Americans to leave the country . That official , who was not authorized to speak to the media , downplayed the report of the plot disruption , saying that "  these are ongoing threats to oil and gas installations in Yemen . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula "  has neither the manpower nor the capabilities to capture ports or seize pipelines , " the official said . "  Security precautions are always in place regarding all oil installations and energy infrastructure in Yemen . " News of the foiled plot comes after the United States , acting on intelligence information , issued a worldwide travel alert and closed a number of embassies and consulates over large areas of the Middle East and Africa this week . Rajeh Badi , a spokesman for Yemen 's prime minister , said that Yemen "  ended an al Qaeda plot to attack strategic locations in Mukalla and Shabwa , " referring to a Yemeni port city and a southern province . "  Large numbers of government forces are making sure the Yemeni coasts are safe from any al Qaeda attack . Al Qaeda sought to attack the oil pipelines , but failed and tried to attack through the coast of Mukalla but failed as well , " he said . However , the state news agency Saba denied there was ever an al Qaeda plot to take over Mukalla . It cited a security source it did not name . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters Wednesday that the U.S. Embassy there remains closed "  because we believe that a threat remains . " On Tuesday , two U.S. military transport aircraft landed in Yemen to evacuate American citizens . The UK Foreign Office has also withdrawn its embassy staff . A senior Yemeni Interior Ministry official told CNN that "  a few " al Qaeda operatives arrived in Sanaa over the past three days , which has forced government authorities to put Yemeni forces on high alert . The official could not be named , as he is not authorized to speak to the media . "  We are confident that government security forces will be able to stop any attack from taking place in Sanaa , but the militants do have a good history of operating in Sanaa , " he said Tuesday . "  It 's not a secret that al Qaeda also has sleeper cells in Sanaa , " the source said . Bergen : What 's behind timing of terror threat Evacuation troubles Yemen ministry Psaki said Tuesday that the United States has "  a close partnership " with Yemen and that Secretary of State John Kerry had spoken with President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi to thank him for his efforts . But in a sign of possible tensions with its international allies , Yemen 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the evacuation of embassies "  serves the interests of the extremists " and undermined its efforts . List of U.S. embassies and consulates closed this week "  Yemen has taken all necessary precautions to ensure the safety and security of foreign missions in the capital Sanaa , " a statement said Tuesday . "  While the government of Yemen appreciates foreign governments ' concern for the safety of their citizens , the evacuation of embassy staff serves the interests of the extremists and undermines the exceptional cooperation between Yemen and the international alliance against terrorism . " Meanwhile , Sanaa residents told CNN of their concern about long-term security issues and fears of possible U.S. intervention in Yemen . University student Sara al-Shibani said she felt Yemen had no option but to concede to "  international powers , " since the country is weak and poor . She also worries that "  many Yemenis will die because of ... foreign involvement in Yemeni politics . " "  The United States is making Yemenis feel that we are ... the next Afghanistan , " said local banker Nasser al-Maqdashi . Drone strikes kill 6 ; helicopter shot down Six militants in separate vehicles were killed in two drone strikes in Shabwa province Wednesday morning , according to several official sources in Yemen not authorized to be named . This was the fifth such strike in two weeks , and the second in Shabwa . A local security official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN that he does not believe any of those killed were senior al-Qaeda members . The latest strikes came a day after a pair of suspected U.S. drone strikes killed four al Qaeda militants in Yemen . Security sources told CNN about those strikes but did n't offer additional details . None of those killed Tuesday were among the 25 names on the country 's most-wanted list , security officials said . It was unclear whether Tuesday 's strikes were related to the security alert in place in the country since U.S. officials intercepted a message from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri to operatives in Yemen telling them to "  do something . " The message was sent to Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the leader of AQAP , the terror group 's Yemeni affiliate . U.S. intelligence believes al-Wuhayshi has recently been appointed the overall terror organization 's No. 2 leader . Security Clearance blog : What al Qaeda wants to do Three sources told CNN that the United States has information that members of AQAP are in the final stages of planning for an unspecified attack . Recent jailbreaks in Pakistan , Iraq and Libya all have the fingerprints of al Qaeda operations . Meanwhile , a Yemeni government official not authorized to speak to media told CNN that a Yemeni military helicopter was shot down in Mareb province Tuesday . He said that the helicopter had been inspecting the country 's main oil pipeline -- one that has been subject to repeated attacks -- and added Wednesday that "  AQAP is now the prime suspect . " At least eight people were killed , including the 107th Brigade commander , six army escorts and at least one crew member , he said . AQAP 's recent attacks have included a suicide bombing on a pro-government militia in the south in March that killed 12 , and an attempted suicide bombing attack on a gas pumping facility in the port city of Balhaf in June . In July , several soldiers were killed by a bomb in Sanaa after a lull in attacks in the capital . AQAP has not mounted a large-scale suicide attack on Yemen 's security forces since May 2012 , when more than 100 soldiers were killed by a suicide bomber as they trained for a parade in Sanaa . Many of AQAP 's operatives , including its leadership , retreated into remote areas after the Yemeni military offensive last year and regrouped . The Yemeni security forces , extensively reorganized under Hadi , have over the past 18 months recaptured swathes of territory that were briefly held by AQAP , particularly in the south of the country . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut and journalist Hakim Almasmari from Sanaa , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Elise Labott , Barbara Starr , Tim Lister and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	NEW : The state news agency denies there was a plan to take over Mukalla A Yemeni official says the foiled plot does n't appear linked to the threat that concerned the U.S. "  Yemen has taken all necessary precautions " for safety , the government says Two drone strikes in southern Shabwa kill six militants
CNN  -- In the latest round of Rand Paul vs. Chris Christie , the Kentucky senator tweaked his potential 2016 rival Sunday for his recent outburst in which the New Jersey governor told a heckler to "  sit down and shut up . " After watching a clip of the confrontation on CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " Paul smirked and suggested "  this sort of bully demeanor " might work well in some places -- but not in all . "  I ca n't imagine that -- I grew up in the South . And we 're ` yes , ma'am ' and ` no , sir ' and a little bit more polite , " the Kentucky Republican said . Rand Paul on Chris Christie in one word : ` Bridges ' "  I think people want someone to be bold . And there was a time when I thought , you know what ? When he stands up and he says things boldly , that 's kind of good . He 's not taking any flak , " he continued . "  But there can be too much of that , too . " The first-term senator and Christie have butted heads through the media for more than a year over their ideological differences . Rand Paul ` sucks ' air out of GOP conversation They 're both considered potential top contenders for the GOP presidential nomination , as they 've aggressively traveled across the country this year , campaigning for 2014 candidates and laying the groundwork for possible White House bids . They 've each traveled to more than 30 states . On some issues , Paul and Christie sound a lot alike "  We live in a world where we have so much cacophony of voices on TV sometimes of yelling back and forth , " Paul said . "  And I think there 's a resurgence of people who want a little more civility and discourse . " Christie defended his reaction to the heckler , telling reporters in New Mexico that it 's simply his style to confront people who are being rude . As he put it , the heated exchange was "  just another day at the ranch -- Rancho Christie . " Christie to heckler : ` Sit down and shut up ' Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who clashed with Christie over the Republican Governors Association chairmanship , also criticized the governor for his tone . "  I did say after the last presidential election , if we want voters to like us , we have got to like them first , " Jindal , another possible 2016 Republican , said Friday on Fox News . Rand Paul labels Chris Christie a moderate	Rand Paul said Chris Christie 's "  bully demeanor " might not play well all over the country Paul was referring to Christie 's shout-down of a protester last week The two potential 2016 rivals have been feuding for more than a year
CNN  Two fraternities at the University of Virginia say they wo n't sign an agreement dictating new safety procedures after a student 's claim of being gang raped . The policy calls for fraternities to have security at doors , guard their stairs , have keys to each room , sober brothers at parties and to eliminate pre-mixed drinks . In November , the university suspended all fraternities and associated parties until this month after a Rolling Stone magazine article about the student 's claims . Despite scrutiny of the article 's depiction of the alleged rape of a then-UVA freshman , identified in the article as Jackie , the university stuck to its promise to review how sexual assault is handled and to make Greek life safer . UVA gave its fraternity members until Friday to sign the agreement if they wanted to have the suspension lifted . But Alpha Tau Omega and Kappa Alpha Order released statements on their national fraternity letterhead saying they would not do so . They said the university unfairly punished members of Greek life when it uniformly suspended social activities two days after the Rolling Stone article was published , and said they are concerned the demands will create new liability and "  set a dangerous precedent of an erosion of student and organizational rights . " Instead , both fraternities plan to ignore the new rules set by UVA and resume activities . The university said the rules were developed by student groups and said it wo n't comment until after the Friday deadline for fraternities to sign the agreement has passed . A source familiar with the thinking of the national fraternities said this could result in litigation if UVA tries to limit the fraternities that wo n't sign the new agreement . The Washington Post reports that Phi Kappa Psi is one of the fraternities that signed the agreement and remains committed to improving safety during events . Jackie told Rolling Stone that she was assaulted by seven men at a Phi Kappa Psi party . In the weeks that followed the article , the Washington Post and other news organizations began scrutinizing the details of Jackie 's story . CNN spoke to Jackie 's friends , who told a different version of events from that night , and Phi Kappa Psi produced records that seemed to dispute what she said happened . Charlottesville Police investigated after the story was printed , and said earlier this week that police found no "  substantive basis to confirm that the allegations raised in the Rolling Stone article occurred at Phi Kappa Psi . " Police have not said whether they believe Jackie was raped . Rolling Stone apologized and launched an investigation of its own . The magazine editor acknowledged that the writer never contacted some of the witnesses or any of the accused .	In Rolling Stone article , student says she was gang raped at fraternity University of Virginia suspended fraternities , activities for two months Questions have been raised about the article
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- With years of bloodshed in its recent past , Lebanon does n't want for symbols of conflict . But if one image conjures up the country 's fractious political climate better than any other , it 's the burning tire . A common sight during the civil war that ravaged the country from 1975 to 1990 , these impromptu roadblocks have re-appeared with regularity in the decades since , whenever flashpoints arise between Lebanon 's diverse religious communities , or grievances swell up against the government or army . But an activist group in the country 's Hezbollah-dominated south is reclaiming what has become a wearying symbol of division and conflict , and is recasting it as a symbol of national dialogue . In recent weeks , tires painted in bright colors have appeared in the center of the southern city of Nabatieh -- arranged not as barricades , but as coffee tables , chairs , flower pots and book shelves . "  When people first see the tires , they laugh and say ` Wow , are you planning to burn them ? ' " said Layla Serhan , one of the organizers of the project , through a translator . "  But then they would sit and talk , and ask us to do more all over the town . Because we do n't need more burning -- we need something beautiful , something that brings happiness . " Serhan is the president of the Youth Network for Civic Activism  YNCA  , a group formed four years ago to engage young people struggling with life after the 2006 conflict with Israel . The 34-days of fighting left between 850 to 1,190 Lebanese civilians and combatants dead , particularly affecting the southern parts of the country dominated by Hezbollah . Regarded by the United States and Israel as a terrorist organization , the Shiite militant group holds power in the Lebanese government and operates social services such as schools and hospitals . Serhan said the conflict had badly affected the young people of Nabatieh , a Shiite town of about 120,000 people , situated some 60 kilometers from the Israeli border . "  They behaved in a strange way . They were behaving like they are heroes . At the same time they were very sad because their brothers and neighbors were killed , but they would n't show it . " The young people were traumatized , but there was "  no space " in the militarized post-war society for them to express their fears , anxieties or creativity , she said . "  It was very difficult dealing with youth . They did n't discuss issues , they were just aggressive : ` You are with me or against me ' . " Read also : Lebanon 's missing history With limited employment opportunities , and outlets such as arts and entertainment non-existent in the prevailing religious climate , young people increasingly drifted towards drugs or sectarianism , she said . "  The youth did n't have many alternatives , " said Serhan . "  No cinemas , no youth clubs . So they went to parties or they spent their time on the streets doing nothing , just smoking a hookah . " Hamsa Abo Zeid is a 21-year-old university student who has been involved with YNCA for four years . "  We were a group of youth looking for a safe space to spend our spare time -- especially after the war of 2006 , where everything in Nabatieh  seemed  insecure for us , " she explained . "  We had n't any space to live the way we liked , due to the bad political , social and economical situation ; we encountered a lot of taboos and we did n't see any horizons for our future . " Since then , YNCA has run programs to teach people conflict resolution , political engagement and leadership skills , all with a creative focus . Typical of their approach was an interactive street theater performance , in which YNCA actors set up a souk , or market , and offered to sell passersby drugs , their votes , their bodies . The message , explained YNCA 's executive manager Dany Kalakech : "  You can buy drugs , but the price is your future . You can buy election votes , but you have to pay with your honesty . " The group has held outdoor cinema clubs , workshops with members of the national soccer team , and encouraged participants to express themselves through music , dance and theater , with some going on to careers as performers . "  The most important thing is that we learned how to create new ways to express ourselves and our opinion freely , and to send our advocacy messages to public , especially through art , " said Abo Zeid . The tire project was motivated by recent sectarian unrest in parts of the country , following the shooting of a Sunni cleric by the army . In a gesture of national unity , the tires were painted in the colors of the country 's various faith-affiliated political parties . "  We have to say to people that we do n't need another civil war , " said Serhan . "  We do n't need to be negatively affected by these signs . We have to struggle against it . " Read also : Jordan -- red desert to Red Sea Their activities have led to positive changes in the town 's youth , said Kalakech , but met with opposition from religious elements . Performing arts had become "  taboo " in the religious climate of recent years , he said , and besides : "  Arts and cinema and theater are something attractive to youth . The religious parties do n't want us to do them -- they 're afraid that we will attract the youth , and they want the youth for themselves . " He said incidents where the YNCA had been targeted included a man threatening to smash the projector at an outdoor film screening , vandalism of the organization 's office , and a false allegation made to police that its leaders were working without proper documentation . Kalakech said the fact the group had received USAID funding had led to gossip "  that we are working against our people for the U.S. Department of State -- which is not true . " Nevertheless the threats were enough to make some participants drop out of YNCA activities . In response , the organization had learned "  to be smart , " said Kalakech . Last year , YNCA partnered with a number of like-minded organizations to declare a "  week of joy " in the town to celebrate the marriage of a young couple . The occasion provided cover to distribute pamphlets and posters with the group 's messages , but more importantly , to break recent prohibitions against dancing and singing in the streets . "  When we danced , people came from all over the city to dance with us , to watch from the balconies , " said Kalakech . The benefit of the exercise ? "  To break the fear , " said Serhan . "  People are afraid to dance , because they 'll beat you . But you have the right to dance . Why ca n't we do this ? We want to show people that if we insist , we can do whatever we want . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN and writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume	A Lebanese activist group has been painting tires to promote peace and national unity Tires , piled and burned to create road blocks , are a symbol of Lebanon 's conflicts The group , based in Hezbollah 's heartland , uses art to lure youth away from sectarianism It was founded to help young people traumatized by the 2006 conflict with Israel
CNN  -- Liverpool announced on Thursday that they have reached an agreement with Dutch club Heerenveen for the transfer of winger Oussama Assaidi , on a busy day of transfer activity in the Premier League . With the new season due to start on Saturday , and just over two weeks left of the transfer window , several of clubs have moved to finalise transfers in time for the first fixtures . Assaidi 's move is subject to a medical , but the Morocco international 's transfer could still be completed in time for him to play against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday . Elsewhere , former Manchester United , Fulham and Everton striker Louis Saha has signed a for Sunderland . The 34 year old striker left Tottenham Hotspur at the end of last season , and has agreed a one year deal with Martin O'Neill 's side . "  Louis is a striker whose abilities have been proven at the very highest level and he brings with him a raft of experience of top flight football , " O'Neill told the club 's website . "  I 'm delighted we have been able to complete a deal ahead of our first match of the season . " Sunderland 's local rivals Newcastle United also added to their side on Thursday , finally completing the transfer of Ajax midfielder Vurnon Anita . The 23 year old has signed a five year deal to become the club 's fourth signing of the summer . Newcastle manager Alan Pardew described Anita as "  exceptionally talented " and said he hoped the young players "  best years " will be at Newcastle . "  He has strengthened us . You need three top class central midfield players , which we now have . That is mainly where he will play , " said Pardew on the official website . The Dutch midfielder was delighted with the move . "  I won almost everything in Holland so the step was not difficult to make . Now I think we can also win trophies with Newcastle and it 's time to do that. , " Anita told the club 's website . "  In the Premier League especially , every game is tough so it can help me also to grow in my football skills . " "  I talked to the manager and the coach and they know that I want to play in a defensive midfield place and that 's why they brought me here , " he added .	Liverpool have agreed a deal for winger Oussama Assaidi Sunderland have signed striker Louis Saha on a free transfer Newcastle have completed the signing of Vurnon Anita Anita was described as "  exceptionally talented " by his new manager
Guess it 's a cultural thing . While a Barbie-themed restaurant opening was hailed with general delight and fanfare in Taipei earlier this year , the opening of the blonde doll 's new European digs is being met with quite a different reception in Germany . Left-wing feminists are protesting the Barbie Dreamhouse Experience -- a 27,000-square-foot lifesized pink estate -- opening in Berlin on May 16 . Located off the shopping district of Alexanderplatz , the Berlin Dreamhouse is meant to show off Barbie 's Malibu lifestyle . The pink mansion is full of rooms showcasing how her makeup , kitchen and wardrobe are put together . In addition to viewing 350 Barbie dolls and other displays , visitors can strut a long runway , "  bake " virtual cupcakes in a pink kitchen or eat real ones in the cafe . And , of course , shell out for dolls and products in the gift shop . Protestors from the Left Party are up in arms over the sexism and shallow materialism that they argue Barbie symbolizes . "  They present an image of cooking , primping and singing , as if it were in some way life-fulfilling , " Socialist Alternative editor Michael Koschitzki , 27 , told German newspaper Der Spiegel . "  The Barbie Dreamhouse is the expression of a conventional role model that is n't OK , " he said . Barbie has long been a subject of controversy -- with criticisms ranging from sexism to racism to creating body image issues for girls . The Berlin movement has led to an "  Occupy Barbie Dreamhouse " page on Facebook , which displays a cover image of a dark-haired girl saying , "  I ca n't stand pink ! " in German . The page currently has 1,761 likes and is updated every few hours . The group behind the Facebook page has also announced it 's planning a peaceful protest for opening day . The Berlin mansion is Barbie 's first Dreamhouse in Europe and will be dismantled to tour other European cities after August 25 . A U.S. Dreamhouse opened last week in a Florida shopping mall , to mixed reviews . Barbie the Dreamhouse Experience , Voltairestrae 2a/Dircksenstra e , Berlin ; +493047997433 ; May 16-August 25 , 2013 ; open 10 a.m.-8 p.m. daily ; admission $ 15 for adults , $ 12 for children under 14 7 of the world 's girliest hotel getaways	New 27,000-square-foot Barbie Dreamhouse showcases doll 's Malibu lifestyle Barbie is a bad role model for young women , say young protestors Visitors can see 350 dolls , bake virtual cupcakes and walk a pink runway
London  CNN  -- Oscar-nominated actor Pete Postlethwaite , who starred in "  Inception " and "  The Usual Suspects , " has died at the age of 64 , his agent said Monday . Highly intense , with a bulbous nose , high cheekbones and ruddy complexion , the actor was immediately recognizable in films ranging from the second "  Jurassic Park " movie to "  Romeo + Juliet . " It was for his role as Daniel Day-Lewis 's father in the IRA drama "  In the Name of the Father " that he got his only Oscar nomination , for best supporting actor . He lost out to Tommy Lee Jones for "  The Fugitive . " He also starred in the British brass band movie "  Brassed Off , " and worked with Steven Spielberg on the slave revolt story "  Amistad . " Spielberg reportedly called him "  the best actor in the world , " prompting Postlethwaite to respond that what the director actually said was that he "  thought he was the best actor in the world . " He made his name as part of a cohort of great British actors including Bill Nighy , Anthony Sher , Jonathan Pryce and Julie Walters at the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool , England , in the 1970s . He returned to the Everyman in 2008 to play King Lear in Shakespeare 's great tragedy . He was awarded the Order of the British Empire , or OBE , in 2004 . Postlethwaite died of cancer , British media reported . CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Steven Spielberg reportedly called him "  the best actor in the world " He was nominated for an Oscar for "  In the Name of the Father " He also starred in "  Inception , " "  The Usual Suspects " and "  Romeo + Juliet "
CNN  -- When Black Caviar lines up at Morphetville , Adelaide , on Sunday in front of an anticipated crowd of 30,000 , the Australian wonder horse will carry the weight not only of jockey Luke Nolen but the expectations of an entire nation . The superstar mare will be bidding for her 20th win from 20 races . If she succeeds , she will have gone one better than the great Zenyatta , who faltered at the 20th attempt . Black Caviar has already overhauled the marks of such racing legends as Eclipse  undefeated in 18 races  and Nearco  14  . Indeed , one has to go all the way back to Kincsem , a 19th century Hungarian racehorse , to find a more impressive streak  although her barely creditable record of 54 wins and no defeats seems safe for the time being  . The Black Caviar phenomenon has gripped a sports-mad Australian public . Of the capacity crowd expected to turn out on Sunday , a good proportion will be wearing her trademark salmon and black silks . The appetite for all things Black Caviar is so great that the state government has arranged free public transport for all those heading to the track . She will face only a small number of rivals on Sunday . Such is the aura of invincibility surrounding Black Caviar , she typically races against just a handful of other runners . She is currently being quoted by some bookmakers at odds of 1-20  and no , that 's not a misprint  for the Group 1 clash , ahead of last year 's Goodwood winner Lone Rock at 14-1 . But despite having beaten the best Australian racehorses of her generation -- including Hay List and Foxwedge , both classy runners in their own right -- Black Caviar remains unproven on the global stage . That is set to change , however . In June , Black Caviar will get the chance to test herself against the best in the world when she travels to England for the Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot . For Australians , Black Caviar 's English endeavor is something of a national cause . But if she has little left to prove to an adoring public back home , a question mark remains over Black Caviar 's claims to greatness on the world stage , and that question mark comes in the not-insubstantial shape of a four-year-old bay colt called Frankel . The only horse in the world with a higher rating than Black Caviar , the inevitable clamor for a showdown between the two best horses in the world is likely to reach deafening pitch should Black Caviar win again on Sunday . A match race seems unlikely since the two horses prefer to race over different distances : sprints of 1,000 -1,200 meters for Black Caviar ; the mile and upwards for Frankel . That has n't prevented billionaire owner Sheikh Fahad al Thani from sponsoring a  # 1 million purse should the two horses line up for the Sussex Stakes at Glorious Gooodwood in August . It would mean a step up in trip for Black Caviar to the mile , over undulating ground that is likely to favor the defending champion Frankel with his huge , all-devouring stride . But with 20 million Australians backing her every furlong of the way , you would n't bet against her . Comparing champions : Black Caviar vs. Zenyatta The similarities between the two great race mares are evident . Both horses are huge  Black Caviar stands at 16.2 HH while Zenyatta stood at a carthorse-like 17.2 HH  , and their hulking frames meant they were each only lightly raced in their early years  larger horses usually take longer to develop  . Zenyatta became a racing -- and sporting -- phenomenon in America , finishing runner-up twice in the Associated Press 's Female Athlete of the Year award  once to Serena Williams and once to Lindsay Vonn  . Black Caviar 's following in Australia is so huge that Channel 7 interrupted the Australian Open tennis semifinal between Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray to televise one of her races . Zenyatta was named after the album "  Zenyatta Mondatta " by British band the Police , who were signed to the record label of her owner , Jerry Moss . Black Caviar was named by one of her owners , Pam Hawkes , who has a taste for the delicacy . It also refers back to the mare 's grandmother , Scandanavia .	Superstar mare Black Caviar will make history if she wins at Morphetville The Australian horse is bidding for her 20th win from 20 races If successful , she will beat American thoroughbred Zenyatta Sports-mad Australian crowd will be backing homegrown champion
CNN  -- Harry Reid recently sallied forth with a series of attacks on Mitt Romney that had the desired effect . It created headlines . It stirred up the anti-Romney base of the Democratic Party . And it really irritated the Romney camp . It has produced waves of condemnation because of the unsubstantiated assertions that Romney did n't pay taxes for a decade . Reince Preibus , head of the Republican National Committee , called Reid "  a dirty liar . " Democrats responded that this was a problem Romney brought on himself . All he would have to do is release his tax returns to end the dust-up . But of course , this is one dust-up that will never end . Because in modern politics it seems the goal is to constantly find ways to smear the opposition , facts and decency be damned . That 's the reason the birther lie endures . That 's the reason that John Kerry , whose military service was distinguished , could be besmirched by the "  swift boaters " and a host of political opponents who had n't anything like his record of service . And because both sides do it to one another , it is considered to be fair play . Only in politics can what 's clearly foul be fair . News : Reid puts GOP in a bind over Romney 's taxes Support his policies or oppose them , no one is for one minute suggesting that Mitt Romney did anything other than obey the tax laws of the United States . The reason that Democrats want to see the tax returns is not because they think he did something wrong but because he did something that might look unseemly . Like he was a rich guy taking advantage of loopholes . That virtually anyone in his position would do so is irrelevant . It 's all about the smear . The same is true with the attacks on Romney 's tenure at Bain Capital . Romney is not being attacked for breaking the law  except by a few semanticists , who seem to be na  vely , yet deliberately , suggesting it was not possible for him to be chairman on paper but to be taking a leave of absence from daily operating responsibilities  . He is being attacked because it might look bad that companies he was involved with actually outsourced jobs or fired people . That he was fulfilling his responsibility to his shareholders in doing so and that the record of Bain was fairly good in terms of value creation is irrelevant when the objective is creating a negative narrative at all costs . I have voted Democrat all my life . I served in the Clinton administration and worked for a Democratic congressman on Capitol Hill . I will vote for President Obama . But I deplore these tactics . Opinion : Why wo n't Romney release more tax returns ? When Harry Reid goes on the floor of the Senate and makes assertions like he did , he demeans the institution . Which is saying something about an institution that is as dysfunctional as the U.S. Senate . When the Obama team systematically goes after Romney for his business background , it makes sense as a political tactic , but it reveals deep insecurity about his case for re-election and it alienates the business community unnecessarily . As my old boss , the late Ron Brown , the former chairman of the Democratic National Committee , used to say , "  You ca n't be for jobs and against the people who create them . " America is facing unprecedented challenges . Our economy does n't work the way it once did . It is growing more slowly . It is rebounding from crisis more slowly . It is not creating jobs as it has . It is not creating wealth for the population at large the way it used to . Inequality is growing . Our competitiveness is faltering even as competition is growing . Yet we have great opportunities before us . A new energy mix can free us of dependency on dangerous nations , create jobs and a cleaner environment at home . Our economy is well poised to lead a "  Third Industrial Revolution , " driven by high value-added manufacturing in which intellectual capital , the kind we create especially well , is the critical input . We protect that capital better than many of our competitors , too . We 're in a position to remake our infrastructure , as must be done thanks to very low interest rates , if only we could come to understand the difference between spending and investing . We need to rethink our convoluted tax structure , our broken fiscal system , our corrupt campaign finance system and the way we defend ourselves and project our force worldwide . It is beyond arguing that we need to do something about gun control in this country . These are great issues calling for serious debate . And we actually have two candidates for president who are credible , serious men . But they are running a campaign that has the sensibilities and IQ of a typical middle school student council election . With the values of an episode of "  Real Housewives " or "  Big Brother . " Apparently , the candidates and their advisers think that is what will work with us . They think we do n't see the big problems , care about them or understand them . They think that throwing mud and unsubstantiated claims and getting bogged down in distractions will tip the scales in their favor . So the sad punch line to all this pettiness is that in a campaign laden with name calling , the biggest insult of all is the one that is being directed at the American people . Amid all the dirt and the shallowness , this is the one that should produce the greatest outrage . But of all of them , it 's also the only one that could produce any good at all . It could get us to act and demand more and to reject negative campaigns . Take it personally . Every time you hear a politician sling mud at an opponent rather than addressing a real issue , recognize that you 're the one being dissed . Then do us all a favor and vote your anger . Demand better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Harry Reid made attacks on Romney that riled anti-Romney base and Romney , too In modern politics , both sides smear , call it fair play ; he backs Obama , deplores these tactics He says U.S. facing huge challenges , opportunities ; both candidates should debate these Rothkopf : Voters must recognize smears as disrespectful to them , demand better , vote their anger
Parenting.com  -- Bed has always been a place I ca n't get enough of : the sex ; the sleep ; cozy afternoons reading ; lazy Saturday mornings listening to hyper neighbors mow their lawns . "  I learned that Dad really can be interchangeable with Mom , if only I 'll let him . " After my husband and I had kids , bed also became the object of my dearest fantasies -- the oasis I dreamed about in my late-afternoon stupor , when I knew that many hours still lay between me and the sheets . My covetous view of bed changed , however , midway through my third pregnancy , when some suspicious bleeding led my obstetrician to prescribe bed rest for several days , possibly longer . "  But I have two small kids ! " I protested . For those of you more gestationally fortunate , "  bed rest " means lying there for hour upon idle hour -- or in the worst cases , week upon idle week -- afraid that even taking a quick shower or reaching for the TV remote might make you lose your baby . Parenting.com : 71 new-mom truths What would my 4-year-old son and 2-year-old daughter do without Mama to attend to them every second of their exhausting days ? Who could I get to fill my maternal shoes ? Our relatives live far away . Hiring a nanny was financially out of the question . The answer , of course , was that the children 's father would have to be their mother  he runs his own company from home  , although I must confess I had my doubts . George is a wonderful , involved dad ; he changes diapers , does "  this little piggy , " and pitches baseballs equally well -- and equally willingly . But George has always slept straight through 3 a.m. feedings and bad dreams . I 'm the chief of childhood minutiae around here ; the one who pours the juice , monitors the wee-wees , and knows what "  do the coyote " means  a dry-eye technique for shampooing hair  . On top of being both Mama and Daddy , George would have to play nurse to me too . But -- the biggest , overriding but -- the unborn baby 's health was paramount . "  Get in bed , stay in bed , and do n't worry about a thing , " George ordered . Parenting.com : How men change , from lover to husband to father The first few hours went quickly enough . There was the novelty of gliding between fresh sheets in the middle of the day and the welcome release from snack doling and bottom wiping . "  Mommy 's sick , " my husband explained to the kids , closing my door . I read straight through one of those books that ordinarily serve as dust catchers . I napped . With the door closed and the fan whirring , you could n't even tell there were two tots downstairs . It was so quiet . Quiet usually means trouble 's afoot . Did George realize this ? "  Mommy ! Mommy ! " I heard them cry . Or did I ? My maternal engines idling nervously , I pictured the kids stoned on Cheetos and Popsicles ; my daughter 's unchanged Pull-Ups sagging to her knees ; six straight hours of the Cartoon Network turning their little eyeballs into black-and-white checkerboards . Darn it , why was it so quiet downstairs ? "  Mommy ! Mommy ! " It was the kids , bursting through my bedroom doorway with excited squeals . George had taken them out to dinner and bought each child a toy doctor 's kit . They were palpably relieved at being able to take an active part in my scary convalescence . Solemnly , they listened to my heartbeat , "  tested " my blood pressure , and administered innumerable shots . "  You must stay in bed ! " admonished the 2-year-old , wagging a pudgy finger . I had to admit that , had the circumstances been reversed , with me filling in for a bedridden George , I 'd never have thought of something so clever . Then the object of my admiration appeared . "  Okay , you can get up now , " he said , handing me my robe . Already ? I wondered . Was he throwing in the towel after just a few hours ? Then two young muscle-bound guys materialized in the bedroom and began to remove the saggy , full-size , 10-year-old mattress on which I had just been lying . A few minutes later , they marched back up the stairs brandishing a brand-new , ultra-firm king-size model . George put down new sheets and sent me back to bed . Wow ! That was n't all . My dinner that evening arrived on a tray -- stuffed salmon , baked potato , and broccoli on good china , with a chocolate bar on the side . The kids sat with me quietly , impressed and awaiting the chocolate . Now , I do n't know what the kitchen looked like or exactly how often my daughter 's Pull-Ups were changed , but for the next several days George knocked himself out keeping everyone happy . He rented six movies for me  half based on Jane Austen novels , half starring Harrison Ford  . He monitored the kids ' frequent visits to give me more "  shots " and let them deliver my mail  from which he 'd removed all the bills , leaving only the juicy catalogs  . They went to the park and the zoo . Blessedly , my bout with bed rest lasted less than a week . The bleeding stopped as mysteriously as it had begun , and four and a half months later my baby daughter was born beautiful and perfect . But the lessons of the episode linger on today . I learned that Dad really can be interchangeable with Mom , if only I 'll let him . And that it takes more than one person to keep a family running -- it 's a minuet among all its members . When one of us falls back , the others fill in . Parenting.com : How to slow down , relax , and enjoy motherhood Sometimes now , on particularly long days , when all three kids are crying at once and I begin to unspool , shrieking back at them like the Anti-June Cleaver , my husband will say to me , in an oh-stop-being-a-martyr tone of voice , "  Why do n't you just go to bed ? " And you know what ? I do . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Pregnant mother of two is ordered to mandatory bed rest She worries kids are eating candy and Pull-Ups never changed Dad buys kids toy doctor kits to calm their fears over sick mom He delivers great meals , new bed and takes kids out to play
CNN  -- Her artwork is dark , bold and often sombre , with black figures and sinister skulls splattered across the canvasses . "  My mom was like , ` You were obsessed with skulls ever since you were a baby , ' " explains Michelle Wie , one of the world 's leading female golfers . It 's an infatuation that comes to the fore when she picks up a paintbrush ; an infatuation she finds hard to explain and one seemingly at odds with the smiling poster girl who has been playing golf for as long as she can remember . "  I guess I 'm half a very happy person , half a very morbid person , " the 24-year-old told CNN . "  There 's a lot of emotions and feelings you ca n't really get out any other way and I 'm not a very good poet or lyricist . "  I definitely feel very in the moment when I paint . " In recent months , Wie has certainly been in the moment on the golf course . The Hawaii-born former child prodigy -- whose parents immigrated from South Korean -- won the first major of her career at June 's U.S. Open , sweet relief for a player who has carried the weight of expectation on her shoulders for over a decade . "  I think that people have very high expectations of me , " says Wie from her Florida home in a telephone interview . "  It 's really tough being in the spotlight , everything you do is examined . "  That 's the nature of the game . When you do well people praise you , but when you do n't do well people will tear you apart . "  That 's kind of the way fame is . " Interactive : Six seminal women 's golf moments Life in the public eye Wie knows all about public scrutiny . In 2000 , age 12 , she became the youngest player to qualify for an event on the LPGA Tour -- the premier women 's golf circuit . At just 13 she became the youngest woman to make the cut at an LPGA tournament , the prestigious Kraft Nabisco Championship -- one of the women 's majors . At the 2004 Sony Open she became only the fourth -- and youngest -- female to play on the men 's PGA Tour . Wie turned pro in 2005 , just shy of her 16th birthday , and signed lucrative sponsorship deals with Nike and Sony . Age rules prevented her from joining the LPGA Tour until she turned 18 , but she still competed in a number of events between 2005 and 2008 . However her teenage body was struggling under the strain ; she injured both wrists in 2007 while she also suffered a drop in form resulting in missed cuts and disqualifications . "  It was tough at times , I 'm not going to lie , " she admits . "  I experienced things that , at 16 , 17 , many other people could n't have . " Wie missed out on experiences most teenagers treasure , notably that cornerstone of American adolescence -- high school graduation . "  Obviously you make sacrifices , you want to be really good at your craft , " she says . "  That 's the decision I made , when I was younger , that I wanted to be really good at something . "  You ca n't have all the fun of being a kid and try to fulfill your dream . I sacrificed a few things here and there , but I think I did a really good job of living a balanced life . " College comforts Study helped to soothe Wie 's mind . She is the latest in a line of academics -- her father was a professor at Hawaii University and her paternal grandfather was a professor emeritus of Seoul University . In September 2007 she enrolled at Stanford to study communications , although Wie 's status as a professional prevented her from following in the footsteps of Tiger Woods and joining Stanford 's illustrious golf team . "  Going to Stanford really helped me to be semi normal , " she said . "  I love studying , I love everything about it . I grew up on a college campus . Going to Stanford was one of my biggest dreams growing up . I 'm so happy that I got to achieve it . " With a fondness for making study guides and PowerPoint presentations , Wie 's ability to speed read helped her keep up with her schoolwork while simultaneously attempting to launch her professional golf career . In the future , when she puts down her golf clubs for good , Wie plans to conquer the corporate world by returning to school to study business . "  There are some business endeavors that I 'd like to embark on -- I do n't want to enter them and be blindsided , " she explains . "  I 'll go back to school , half because I really want to go back to school and experience college life again , and half because I just want to learn a lot about  business .  " Wie comes across as someone in constant need of stimulation , whether it 's a physical workout on the greens and fairways or expanding her mind through reading and study . She jokes that her friends say she has "  ADD " because she rarely sits still . This hyperactivity meant she tried a number of sports as youngster , searching for "  something to be good at . " Eventually she settled on golf . As a self-confessed perfectionist , the ups and downs of her golf career have taught the usually meticulous Wie to relax a little . "  I 've learned to roll with the punches , " she admits . "  I 'm a big believer in just trying things out . If you fail , at least you tried . " Artistic expression Art is a relatively recent addition to Wie 's repertoire . During her school years , her friends were artistic while she was "  the sporty one . " Five years ago , her best friend gave her a sketchbook and suggested she gave it a try . From there , Wie 's interest has snowballed and now her Instagram and Twitter profiles proudly display her eye-catching work . "  When I was in middle school I definitely went through a gothic , emo phase , " she says . "  I do n't know how to paint happy . I think it releases a lot of the darker feelings in me . My happier ones are always on the exterior . "  There are definitely two sides of me , for sure . " Light to the shade of her dark art is being provided by the most successful season of her pro career , which has featured two of her four career titles . Her U.S. Open triumph came after a second-place finish at the Kraft Nabisco Championship and a win at April 's Lotte Championship . Another wrist injury has put her back on the treatment table , meaning she missed the season 's fifth and final major this month in France , but once she 's recovered she has her sights set on making more history . For the first time in over a century , women 's golf will be contested at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games and Wie is eying the top of the podium . "  It 's definitely a huge goal of mine , " she says . "  Being able to represent your country and being able to win a gold medal would be one of my highest achievements , for sure . " For the ultimate perfectionist , it seems only gold will do .	Michelle Wie is one of the world 's most recognizable female golfers In June , the American won the U.S. Open -- the first major title of her career Away from the golf course , Wie is a keen amateur artist "  I think it releases a lot of the darker feelings in me , " the 24-year-old says
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal extinguished any doubts over his long-term fitness after being forced to play two matches in less than 24 hours at the Barcelona Open . The 26-year-old recorded a 37th consecutive victory at Barcelona with a 6-3 6-0 quarterfinal win over fellow Spaniard Albert Ramos just hours after finishing off his rain-delayed third round match . After returning from a seven-month injury enforced absence with a knee problem in February , Nadal has reached six finals in six tournaments this year . Bad weather in Barcelona Thursday forced the World No. 5 to complete his match against Frenchman Benoit Paire on Friday morning . A 7-6 6-2 win set up a last eight clash with Ramos , who Nadal swept aside in just 66 minutes following a commanding display . "  I played much better this afternoon than in the morning , " Nadal told the ATP website . "  I 'm very happy to be in the semifinals another time in a very important tournament . "  I 'm enjoying the week playing here . I love the tournament . I know everybody well . It feels like home , always . " Nadal , who lost out in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters to Novak Djokovic last week , is hoping to secure an eighth French Open title next month . The Spaniard had hoped to win a ninth consecutive title at Monte Carlo before suffering his first defeat at the clay court tournament since 2003 . He will now hope to bounce back with Canada 's Milos Raonic standing in between him and a place in Sunday 's final . Raonic , who has lost both of his previous encounters with Nadal , overcame Tommy Robredo 6-7 6-3 7-6 . In the other semifinal , Spain 's Nicolas Almagro will face Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber . Almagro , ranked 12th in the world , defeated compatriot Juan Monaco 6-3 7-5 in a contest where he saved 10 break points . "  He had many break points and played really good , but I can rest now for a little bit and we 'll see what comes tomorrow in the semi-finals , " Almagro told the official ATP website . "  I played really good today and that 's the most important thing . I 've felt great during this week and I 'm going to fight to reach my first final here in Barcelona . " Kohlschreiber , seeded eighth , saw off Slovakia 's Martin Klizan in three sets before his quarterfinal opponent , Thomaz Bellucci , withdrew injured . Meanwhile , Juan Martin del Potro has withdrawn from next week 's Lisbon Open . According to the tournament 's organizers , the Argentine , ranked seventh in the world , has been suffering with a stomach virus . In Stuttgart , defending champion Maria Sharapova overcame Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic in 7-5 4-6 6-4 to ensure her place in the last four . "  It 's good to face different styles of playing from different opponents , " Sharapova told reporters . "  Ana is a bit more aggressive , while Lucie Safarova had a bit more variety in her game yesterday . "  I am happy to get through , but I had to push myself . "  It was a tough battle , it was hard to get my body going again after the last game , but it was good to get another three sets under the belt . " The World No. 2 will face Germany 's Angelique Kerber on Saturday after the home favorite saw off Kazakhstan 's Yaroslava Shvedova 6-3 7-6 . "  We both played well , " Kerber told the WTA website . "  I was fully concentrated right from the first point and tried to make her move around and not let her get into the match -- luckily enough my tactics worked well today . "  It was extremely important for me to play as well as possible at my home tournament . "  Reaching the semifinals is a big achievement for me . But I 'm not going to put myself under any pressure . "  I 'm naturally going to have the crowd behind me - they 've been supporting me so fantastically all week . " In the other semifinal , U.S qualifier Bethanie Mattek-Sands will take on China 's Li Na . Mattek-Sands , ranked 104th in the world , overcame Germany 's Sabine Lisicki 6-4 6-2 , while Li defeated fifth seed Petra Kvitova 6-3 7-5 . The World No. 5 was beaten in three sets by Mattek-Sands in their previous meeting at the quarterfinal stage of the 2011 Madrid Open and is expecting another tough test . "  I saw Bethanie play earlier on and she looks like a good , aggressive , player , " Li told reporters . "  We 'll see how tomorrow 's match goes . "	Rafael Nadal through to the semifinals at Barcelona Open Rain-delay forced Nadal to play conclusion of quarterfinal tie Friday World No. 5 will face Milos Raonic in last four Spain 's Nicolas Almagro to play Philipp Kohlschreiber in other semifinal
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates told Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai on Tuesday that the United States "  will never turn our back " on Afghanistan . Gates , who is on an unannounced visit in the war zone , held a joint news conference with Karzai . "  President Obama is sending 30,000 more U.S. troops , the first of which are scheduled to arrive within days , " Gates said . "  Afghanistan 's international partners have pledged at least 7,000 additional troops ; when all is said and done , some 43 nations will make up a force . " Gates also was scheduled to meet with Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak , as well as American military officials . Karzai has asked for patience as his nation struggles to take control of its own security . "  A number of years Afghanistan will not be able to sustain our force with our own resources , " Karzai told reporters . "  We hope the international community and the U.S. will help Afghanistan reach the ability to sustain our force with numbers and equipment . " Obama has said that U.S. forces will begin withdrawing from Afghanistan in July 2011 -- at which point international troops would begin to turn over security responsibility to Afghan forces . Gates spoke about the U.S. commitment to Afghanistan on Tuesday . "  Our relationship with Afghanistan is a long-term commitment , " Gates said . "  As security improves our relationship grows ... especially with economic and political development . As President Obama said , we will never turn our back on the region . " Karzai also offered his own timeline goal , saying Afghanistan wants to be able to assume security control in some parts of the country in two years , and to lead security for the entire country by the end of his five-year term , which just started after his recent re-election . "  We as Afghans will try our very best to reach that goal , and we hope our allies will back us to reach that goal , " Karzai said . Building and developing Afghan security forces will be a continuing challenge , Gates said , and is an effort that has involved some trial and error . "  One of the eye-openers for us was learning that the Taliban for the most part are better paid than the Afghan security forces , so that 's something that we and the Afghans have already taken steps to correct , " Gates told reporters on the way to Afghanistan . "  I think , frankly , that 's the biggest obstacle . " The Afghan president is under intense pressure to clean up government corruption , a task he said is under way . "  I have fired people and I will be firing people , " Karzai said . Some of those changes will become known when Karzai announces his new Cabinet . The Afghan president said at the news conference with Gates that he would try to get a list to parliament by the middle of next week . Karzai was originally expected to submit the list on Tuesday .	NEW : U.S. relationship with Afghanistan "  a long-term commitment , " Robert Gates says NEW : U.S. defense secretary meets with Afghan President Hamid Karzai in Kabul Karzai sets his own timeline goal for security handover in Afghanistan Gates acknowledges Taliban "  for most part " better paid than Afghan security forces
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Members of Iran 's national soccer team wore green arm and wrist bands Wednesday during their World Cup qualifying match against South Korea . Members of Iran 's National Soccer Team sport green bands in their game against South Korea on Wednesday . The team does not normally wear green bands . Many Iranians are viewing the team 's bands as a sign of support for Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi , although that has not been confirmed . Green is the campaign color of Moussavi and has been widely worn by his supporters who have staged massive rallies in Tehran before and after last week 's presidential election . Moussavi is disputing the results of the vote that gave President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a second term and is calling for a new election . The players took the wrist bands off when the team came out for the second half of the game that was taking place in Seoul , South Korea . It is unclear whether the players were asked to remove the wrist bands . The match ended 1-1 .	Many Iranians viewing team 's bands as a sign of support for opposition leader Green is the campaign color of Mir Hossein Moussavi Iranian national team was playing a World Cup qualifier in Seoul , South Korea
Milwaukee  CNN  -- I do not have long hair ; I have smoked occasionally ; I am married to a gora  white guy  -- I 'm a Sikh , but no poster child for the Sikh community . I am critical of the difference between words and actions in our religion 's promised equality for women . But like most Sikhs I do still believe in one god , karma and reincarnation , and I find the poetry of our 10 gurus deeply inspiring . Nevertheless , on a postcard-perfect Sunday morning five days ago when my local gurdwara , or house of worship , was attacked by an apparent white supremacist , I was very much a Sikh , doing whatever I could . After the shooting , my Irish-American husband David and I rushed to Oak Creek and joined the group of Sikh men and women standing in the parking lot of a bowling alley across a boulevard from police vehicles surrounding the temple . We held hands , offered presence and solidarity . Only three commandments are given to Sikhs : work hard , share with your neighbors , take the name of the lord . Only the last two were possible on that day . Yellow tape cordoned us off . My fellow Sikhs were dressed in Sunday best -- a mix of business suits and white kurta pajamas among the men , salwar kameezes for the older women . I noticed that many men of working age have short hair and no longer wear turbans . Since the shooting of a Sikh in Arizona in 2001 , recorded hate crimes against Sikhs have decreased . However , young Sikh men heard over the gurdwara grapevine that If you want to wear your turban , emigrate to Canada . Canada has had an official policy of multiculturalism since 1971 . News : Temple shooting dredges up memories of long history of bias crimes against Sikhs On Sunday , as we waited for those trapped inside the gurdwara , a kind soul from the Salvation Army came around suggesting trauma counseling . Anger and frustration , he said , can surface later . A middle-aged man in the crowd came forward and thanked him in English . In Punjabi , he added , "  The shooter needs counseling if he survives . He should be invited to do sewa . " Sewa is community service . It has been used to bring about restorative justice in Canada , by familiarizing perps with Sikhs and Sikhism . A young man wearing a "  We the People " T-shirt looked up from his Twitter feed . "  They 're saying we 're an obscure religion . How can 23 million people be obscure ? " I thought of my turbaned father guiding tourists around the state Capitol in Madison as a UW student working for Gov. Gaylord Nelson , teaching Americans their history . Sikhism may have been "  obscure " in the 1950s , but -- now ? We have Sikhwiki , we have SikhNet , we have SALDEF , we have SikhChic . But those who hate do n't read about those they blame for their status shock or economic troubles . "  We offer langar every Sunday , " said a woman , referring to the free dining hall open to the public . "  But even homeless goras do n't come . " A little boy asked of the suspect : "  Wo n't his mother be ashamed of him ? Wo n't his whole family be ashamed of him ? " "  Do n't be silly , " his sister said . "  He 's a gora . " "  Maybe this will make some Wisconsin politicians talk about gun control , " said a young woman wearing Capri pants , a bright orange crocheted top and a chunni over her head . "  Do n't be silly , " her uncle said . News : Sikhs repair , reclaim temple after rampage I said , "  I should have made more fliers , led tours of the gurdwaras . " But in 25 years married into a Euro-American family , the only relative who has volunteered to attend gurdwara with me is my husband . Could I have persuaded strangers ? "  Whenever we invite goras , we get evangelicals who want to convert us , " said an elder I 've called "  aunty " for years . "  I tell them your god is my god . " "  Any time I explain we 're not Muslims , it sounds like we would prefer them to harass Muslims , " said the man in the ` We the People ' T-shirt . "  Just better say nothing . Keep to ourselves . " And we do . Most Sikhs do n't look for jobs , we make them . We gather together for worship on Sundays because we live in a Judeo-Christian country , but most of us do our remembrance of god every day . We do n't have a Sabbath ; most of us work all the time . We wear the kirpan  ceremonial dagger  to remind us to defend those who can not defend themselves . We 're Sikhs . We 're supposed to look different so that we can not blend into crowds and evade responsibility . We 're Sikhs , so we 're supposed to inspire by courage and never teach fear . Our very name means we 're supposed to always be learning . We 're taught not to ask for favors , but to thank Vahe-guru , the highest teacher , for grace , for our critical faculties , intuition and creativity . News : Walker says Sikhs showed love in response to hate Today I will dress in white , the color of mourning , to attend the funerals of the six Sikhs who were killed and offer support for their families . Afterward , I 'll go to the gurdwara that 200 Sikhs cleaned yesterday as our sewa . There I 'll join in prayers for the departed and for the three men wounded and still in the hospital . The gathering will end as always with prayers for "  sarbat da bhala " -- the progress of all humankind . I know that by the grace of the creative force and our courage , American Sikhs will survive this act of destruction . An ignorant man showed his country and the world what fear and hate can bring about . May we now show what love and service can achieve . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shauna Singh Baldwin .	Shauna Singh Baldwin says she went to be with fellow Sikhs at Oak Creek after shooting She says survivors , others stood outside puzzling over how their religion is still misunderstood Sikhs value learning , aim to look different so they ca n't blend in or evade responsibility Baldwin : Sikh community will take care of own , survive act of ignorance , hatred , destruction
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. and Iraqi officials met Sunday to kick off a review stemming from a deadly September firefight -- involving a Blackwater USA security detail -- that reportedly left 17 people dead . Lawyer Hassan Jabbar lies in a hospital last month after he was allegedly injured by Blackwater contractors . While Iraqi officials say the victims were innocent bystanders -- most of them civilians -- Blackwater says its contractors were part of a U.S. State Department security entourage that came under fire in a Baghdad square . Meanwhile , a three-person panel 's official Iraqi probe into the incident -- ordered by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki -- raised the number of Iraqis killed to 17 and determined Blackwater 's gunfire was unwarranted and that its guards should face trial , the government told The Associated Press . However , an order from the U.S.-led Coalition Provisional Authority appears to shield security contractors from Iraqi laws . The first meeting of the Joint Commission on Protective Security Detail Operations was chaired Sunday by Iraqi Defense Minister Abdulqadir Mohammed Jassim and Patricia Butenis , deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy , according to a joint statement . The pair "  expressed the mutual commitment of the Iraqi government and the U.S. government to work together to evaluate issues of safety and security related to personal security detail operations in Iraq , " the statement said . Watch how supervision has been tightened on contractors " The objective is to recommend ways to ensure that private security details do not endanger public safety , the statement said , adding that Jassim and Butenis "  agreed to continue their coordination and to complete the process of inquiry in order to prevent the recurrence of any incidents in the future . " The September 16 shootout has sparked intense Iraqi and U.S. criticism of private military contractors . It also has prompted initiatives to reexamine contractors ' roles in Iraq . Iraqi and Blackwater officials have starkly different accounts of what happened during the firefight . Iraqi officials said Blackwater bodyguards indiscriminately opened fire in Nusoor Square , killing civilians and a traffic police officer . According to a senior Iraqi investigator on Sunday , 17 people were killed and 24 more were wounded . The State Department has said only that "  innocent life was lost . " Blackwater , however , said its contractors "  acted lawfully and appropriately in response to a hostile attack . " "  The ` civilians ' reportedly fired upon by Blackwater professionals were in fact armed enemies , and Blackwater personnel returned defensive fire , " the company has said . The FBI has assumed the lead from the State Department on the U.S. investigation . Triple bombing kills 11 Three separate bombs killed at least 11 civilians and wounded 12 others Sunday around Baghdad , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . One bomb exploded in the Baladiat area of eastern Baghdad , killing five civilians and wounding five others . In southern Baghdad 's Dora district , another bomb killed three civilians and wounded three others . A third bomb went off near the Iranian embassy in Baghdad , killing three civilians and wounding four others . Also on Sunday , six unidentified bodies were found in Baghdad , an Interior Ministry official told CNN . That brings the total number of bodies found this month to 50 . In September , 301 bodies were found in Baghdad -- the lowest number this year . In August there were 428 . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Commission will examine issues "  of safety and security " related to contractors September shootout has sparked criticism , evaluation of military contractors Blackwater , Iraqi officials have starkly different accounts of what happened Separate bombings in Baghdad kill 11 civilians , wound about 12
CNN  -- The trial of Anthony Sowell , a man accused of raping , killing and dismembering 11 Cleveland-area women between 2007 and 2009 , is scheduled to enter a second day Tuesday . Prosecutors spoke for more than an hour during opening statements Monday , detailing each woman Sowell is charged with killing and describing steps police took to obtain arrest warrants and gather evidence at Sowell 's house . Pictures were shown to the entire courtroom to further illustrate the scene SWAT team officers and Cleveland police encountered . The defense spoke for just a few minutes , stressing that the state of Ohio has the burden to prove that Sowell committed the homicides . The defense argued that there is no DNA , fingerprints or evidence to prove Sowell committed the killings . The defense also focused on Sowell 's character and claimed that he has suffered mentally and physically since a heart attack in 2007 led to the loss of his job . After opening statements , the prosecution 's first witness took the stand . Richard Butler is a member of the SWAT team that worked with other Cleveland police to arrest Sowell and gather evidence at his house . Butler is the officer who found the first two bodies in a small room on the third floor of Sowell 's house . Sowell has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to the 85 counts he faces . Investigators at Sowell 's home unearthed remains of five of the 11 women -- ages 25 to 52 -- in October 2009 . Since then , other women have come forward alleging that Sowell attacked them too . In April 2010 , prosecutors handed down a 10-count indictment against Sowell in connection with the alleged rape of a 34-year-old woman in his home . Sowell 's lawyers have declined previous requests by CNN to explain their case , and the suspect has not been interviewed . But in January 2010 , attorney John Parker told The Plain Dealer newspaper in Cleveland that he felt police violated Sowell 's Miranda rights as he was being interrogated . Sowell grew up in East Cleveland , joined the Marines at age 18 , and traveled to California , North Carolina and Japan , authorities said . People who interacted with him after his 2005 release from prison , where he had served 15 years for attempted rape , said he appeared to be "  a normal guy , " known locally for selling scrap metal . His inconspicuous two-story home sits in a dilapidated neighborhood known as Mount Pleasant , where one in five homes was in foreclosure and at least a third of residents got food stamps , according to a 2010 study by Case Western Reserve University 's Center on Urban Poverty and Community Development . Neighbors and even a city councilman had failed to realize that the stench wafting in the area around Sowell 's home was from human flesh , not a byproduct of a nearby sausage factory . Moreover , the disappearance of the 11 women -- many of whom lived nearby -- went largely unnoticed for almost two years , with only four of them even being reported missing . Many of his alleged victims struggled with drug addiction at some point in their lives , with court records showing that many resorted to stealing and prostitution to support their habits . In late 2008 , Gladys Wade told police that a man in a gray hoodie offered her beer , and when she declined , punched her in the face several times . Wade said that he then tried to rape her , dragging her toward his home , adding that she got out only after "  gouging his face . " Police investigated Wade 's complaint , with one police report noting blood droplets on Sowell 's walls and steps . But officers told CNN affiliate WKYC that the case was dropped after Wade declined to press charges . After Wade 's complaint , six more women would disappear . Then , on September 23 , 2009 , a 36-year-old Cleveland woman told police a story eerily similar to those of Wade and the woman whose 1989 account led to Sowell 's first conviction for attempted rape . She said he 'd invited her into his home for beer , punched her in the face , then began performing oral sex on her -- releasing her only after she promised to return the next day . Sowell was then arrested . More than a month later , police entered his house and found two bodies rotting in his attic . These were the first of the 11 bodies they 'd eventually discover , in various states of decay , on his property . Most of the women whose remains were found in and around Sowell 's home were strangled by ligature -- which can include a string , cord or wire -- and at least one was strangled by hand , officials said . Seven still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . A skull is all that remains of one victim . It was found wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed in a bucket in the home 's basement . While the prosecution will press its case against Sowell in the coming weeks , this may not be the end of his story -- even if he is eventually given a death sentence . Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Bill Mason has said that his cold case unit is reviewing unsolved murders that occurred during the time Sowell lived in Cleveland and East Cleveland to see if there are any connections . Mason said the group is working its way through 75 cases .	Anthony Sowell has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity During opening statements , the prosecution showed pictures of the scene The defense said there is no evidence to prove Sowell committed the killings
After 16 straight days of bombardment , Homs is such an incessantly bleeding wound that Syrians speak of it now as though it were a norm . Theirs are voices of resignation as food , medicine , water , electricity dwindle and Bashar al-Assad 's forces show no intent of letting up . "  Is today Sunday ? Wednesday ? Saturday ? I honestly do n't know all days have become same here in #Homs - they begin and end with shelling #Syria , " tweeted @Samsomhom . Activist Omar Shakir told CNN he is confident the Syrian army is preparing for a massive ground invasion of the besieged neighborhood of Baba Amr , the heart of the revolt . U.S. conservatives urge "  immediate " action on Syria "  Just like every day , the residents of Baba Amr woke up  Sunday  to the sounds of violent bombing , as al-Assad forces continue to use different types of weapons , bombs , and rockets in their attacks , " he said . Sunday , 10 people in Homs were among the at least 23 killed across Syria , according to the Local Coordination Committees  LCC  of Syria , a network of opposition activists . In the 11 months of Syria 's uprising , almost 9,000 people have been killed , the LCC estimates . "  Each day , the bombing gets more intense and the destruction increases , " said Dima Moussa , a Syrian activist in Chicago . "  There are reports of increased cases of dehydration among children because of the shortage in food supplies . There is also an increasingly severe shortage of medical supplies , while the electricity , water , and communication services outages continue in Baba Amr . " The LCC also offered another disturbing report : at least 295 doctors have been arrested in what it called a fierce campaign to shut down physicians . In many places , doctors have been overwhelmed trying to treat the wounded and save lives without proper medicine or equipment . They work in makeshift trauma clinics , clandestinely , for fear of being shot . A group of Syrian doctors were in the United States this week to urge action that will allow critical medical aid to the injured . The regime 's interference , they said , amounts to a violation of the Geneva Conventions that protect victims of armed conflicts . GPS : Why Damascus remains eerily calm "  We lost last week two people carrying medicine . They killed them . Just carrying medicine inside , " Dr. Monzer Yazji told reporters at the National Press Club in Washington . Despite the grim accounts from Syria , China said Sunday that a peaceful resolution was still possible . After meetings between al-Assad and Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zhai Jun , the state-run news agency Xinhua said Sunday that Western nations were mistaken in their conclusion that time was running out for talks . The news agency said "  calls for peaceful inter-Syrian dialogue have been largely ignored , intentionally or unintentionally , in Western media reports , which convey the wrong impression that there is an overwhelming consensus among different factions of the opposition forces that they want foreign intervention in their country . " Foreign intervention , it said , would also ratchet up sectarian tensions within Syria and plunge the volatile nation into bloody civil war . GPS : Would a post-Assad Syria look like Iraq ? The West , Xinhua said , "  appears to be driven less by their self-proclaimed ` lofty goal ' of liberalizing the Syrian people than by geopolitical considerations . " China and Russia snubbed Western nations on the United Nations Security Council with their veto of a draft resolution urging Assad to end the crackdown and give up power . Syrians expressed extreme disappointment at the global body . Some told CNN that they could not understand how the world could stand by and watch a slaughter . Homs residents describe random shelling , rooftop snipers and slow painful deaths due to the lack of medical care . There is not enough respite to even bury the dead . U.S. military chief dubious about arming rebels Egypt , meanwhile , voiced its disapproval of the violence by recalling its ambassador to Syria , Shawky Ismail , state-run EgyNews.net reported . The Egyptian Foreign Ministry said it was "  an obligation for the Syrian leadership and government to stop the violence and begin to respond to the demands of the people particularly after the events of Homs , " EgyNews.net said . Al-Assad has all along , for the 11 months of the uprising , blamed "  terrorists " for threatening the stability of Syria . His regime lashed out again Sunday after the assassinations of a provincial attorney general and a judge in Idlib province . Attorney General Nidal Ghazal , Judge Mohammed Ziyadeh and their driver were fatally shot on their way to work by an "  armed terrorist group , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also acknowledged the deaths , but said the three were killed by "  unknown assailants . " Idlib rebels denied responsibility for the assassination , claiming that Ghazal was an opposition sympathizer . "  The regime continues with a series of assassinations of leaders and officials who sympathize with the rebels , " said an activist with the opposition coordination committee in Idlib province , who asked not to be named for security reasons . "  What the regime is trying to do is frame the rebels as criminals , " the activist said , citing the recent killing of the Red Crescent director in Idlib , Dr. Abdel Razak Jibaro , as an example of this strategy . Rebels said they kidnapped the son of a top security official in Idlib , Brigadier General Nofal Hussein , in retribution for Ghazal 's murder . Meanwhile , many opposition activists from surrounding villages traveled to the town of Taftanaz Sunday afternoon , to attend Ghazal 's funeral , a sign that he was against the regime . Mourners hoisted a framed portrait of the slain man and vowed to kneel only to God . The Idlib deaths follow the Saturday assassination of Aleppo city council member Jamal al-Bish , who was also killed by an "  armed terrorist group , " SANA said . And last weekend , SANA reported a Syrian general was gunned down in Damascus -- perhaps the first significant hint that the resistance is spreading to the seats of power . The capital was tense Saturday after two people were killed at a funeral for three protesters that turned out in a massive expression of anti-government sentiment . CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence due to government restrictions on access of international journalists . Sunday evening , a protest in solidarity with Syria 's besieged people erupted in the Damascus suburbs , the LCC reported . Al-Assad , the protesters said , must be held to justice .	At least 23 are killed across Syria Sunday Syrian forces have attacked Homs for 16 straight days Doctors say interference in medical aid amounts to war crimes China says a peaceful resolution is still possible
Washington  CNN  -- Two days after voters angry with Washington 's dysfunction swept Republicans into control of the Senate and expanded their advantage in the House , Speaker John Boehner used his first post-midterm news conference to issue a "  burn " notice to the commander-in-chief . "  When you play with matches , you take the risk of burning yourself and he 's going to burn himself if he continues to go down that path , " the Ohio Republican told reporters on the Hill , when asked about President Barack Obama 's plans to issue executive orders on immigration before year 's end . Just hours after Obama recommitted himself to staying the course on immigration orders and protecting his signature health care law , Republicans spent Thursday firing back shots at the administration , signaling that Tuesday 's midterms did little to quell partisan tension in Washington . Republican National Committee members as well as GOP leaders on the Hill took the election results as a sign to dig in on their issues , and while both parties made reference to compromise , Thursday 's developments suggested more of the opposite was in store . Obama alone after midterm repudiation Two of the most powerful Republicans in Washington , Boehner and the expected next Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , outlined their priorities in writing , using an oped in the Wall Street Journal to showcase their 2015 priorities . Among them : Repealing Obamacare , authorizing construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline and reforming the tax code . The pair took shots at Democratic House and Senate leaders who shepherded most of Obama 's significant legislative achievements through Congress , saying they "  wo n't repeat the mistakes made when a different majority ran Congress in the first years of Barack Obama 's presidency , attempting to reshape large chunks of the nation 's economy with massive bills that few Americans have read and fewer understand . " And in his press conference , Boehner said the House will likely vote again next year to repeal the Affordable Care Act -- both in full and in separate chunks , like stripping away the medical device tax and the individual mandate . Get ready : 2016 starts now And he warned that if Obama will "  burn himself " if he overhauls the U.S. immigration system through executive order in the coming weeks -- which president has pledged to do . Going ahead with those plans , Boehner said , will "  poison the well " in the eyes of congressional Republicans . It 's the same phrase Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell used Wednesday -- indicating that a major fight is likely to come before the new Congress is even sworn in . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said in his Thursday briefing that Obama is looking forward to meeting with GOP leaders and hearing their ideas . "  The good news though is that the deck has been reshuffled , " Earnest said . "  There 's now a Republican majority in the Senate . There 's a Republican majority in the House . And you could understand how this might change the political calculation that Republicans make . Maybe they now see that it would be in their own personal political interest to try to find some common ground with the president . " Opinion : Did Americans get what they want ? Obama himself repeated his plans for an executive overhaul of immigration laws during hid Wednesday news conference . But he also said he 'd like to sit down for Kentucky bourbon with McConnell and telling voters -- and those who stayed away from the polls Tuesday -- that he heard their message . Boehner , one of several Republicans to mention their mistrust of the President , said Thursday that he is n't buying it . "  The president said , ' I listened to what happened Tuesday night , ' " Boehner said before adding , with an incredulous grin : "  Really ? " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus told CNN on Wednesday night that it 's "  bizarre " to see Obama and his allies now looking for areas of compromise . He pointed to Obama 's handling of immigration -- the president had initially planned to take executive action over the summer , but deferred that move until after the midterm elections . "  I do n't believe a thing he says , " Priebus said when asked by CNN 's Erin Burnett about working with the president . "  All he 's been doing for the last year is lying to Hispanic voters across the country . " While McConnell 's ascendancy to the Senate majority leader 's post is all but assured and Boehner is staying on as speaker , Democrats have some leadership questions of their own to sort through after Tuesday 's devastating elections . Why Pelosi , Reid are sticking around Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Steve Israel told Newsday he wo n't stay on for a third election -- though he does want a seat at the House Democrats ' already-crowded leadership table . The first look at the new political landscape will come later this month , when lawmakers return for leadership elections and the House is scheduled to vote on a series of Environmental Protection Agency regulatory bills . In the coming weeks Congress will also take up Obama 's request for more than $ 6 billion in new Ebola-related funding , spending bills to fund the government and potentially legislation to authorize the use of military force against ISIS .	House Speaker John Boehner warned President Obama against executive orders on immigration His remarks come amid many Republicans speaking out against the White House Two days after the midterms , big fights are much easier to spot than areas of compromise Republicans won back control of the Senate and increased their majority in the House
CNN  -- Our Labor Day weekend trip around the "  Inside Politics " table included GOP jitters over Kansas , the 2016 impact of President Obama 's immigration deliberations , progressive worries about Elizabeth Warren 's hawkish foreign policy views , and Republican angst about a research project that was designed to help but may have done more harm then good . 1 . As Democrats look for 2014 "  steals , " there 's no place like Kansas ? We talked for months about how GOP Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas was hardly a top performer in his primary race against a tea party challenger . But Roberts survived , and so the first reflex was to say , OK -- it 's Kansas . Lock that Senate seat in for the GOP . Not so fast . A number of top Republican strategists who have seen the latest research say it is now hardly a sure thing . These strategists are furious with Roberts personally , and even more so with a campaign team they say has not risen to the challenge . So there is mounting pressure on the other Kansas senator , Jerry Moran , who just happens to lead the National Republican Senatorial Committee . I 'm told leading GOP voices are pushing the NRSC to get more aggressive , including pushing for a shakeup in the Roberts campaign team . And in the GOP super PAC community , there are conversations that it might become necessary to spend money in a state that no one thought would be -- or should be -- on a 2014 list of potential Democratic pickups . It 's important because the GOP needs a gain of six seats to win the Senate majority ; if it lost a Republican-held seat , it would have to win another Democratic seat to net six . And while the GOP super PACs are seemingly flush with money , the 65-day clock to Election Day will force choices -- and if there need to be sudden investments in Kansas , a few GOP challengers in other states could see their outside help shrink . 2 . Maybe not all knowledge is good The GOP has a gender problem . So the GOP did some research on its gender problem . Makes perfect sense , right ? Well , Politico 's Maggie Haberman took us inside a Republican debate on that very question . Maybe if this private research by Crossroads GPS and the American Action Network had stayed private , it would be viewed as helpful . But Haberman 's Politico colleagues got hold of it and outlined how some women view the GOP as intolerant or stuck in the past . Let the recriminations begin . "  This infuriated a number of Republicans , who privately said -- and some of them less privately -- they thought this was completely undermining , they could n't understand the purpose of this , that this is at cross ends to what the GOP is trying to do in the final couple of months of a very difficult midterm , " said Haberman . 3 . A "  waveless " GOP win ? Amy Walter of the Cook Political Report says her analysis suggests Republicans can not count on a big midterm wave this year -- like the one they enjoyed in 2010 or the one Democrats rode to midterm gains in 2006 . But no wave does n't necessarily mean no wins ; Walter says it is still more than within reason -- and reach -- that we 'll see the Republicans get the net gain of six Senate seats they need to capture the Senate majority . "  What we have come to find , every election , is that you do n't see it coming until Election Day , but one side or the other , almost always , the races break disproportionately their way -- 55 , 60 , 65 % , " said Walter . "  So that 's more of the question than waiting for a big fat wave to hit us the day after Labor Day . " 4 . Immigration pressures on Democrats and 2016 field The White House promises some executive actions on immigration , though there are now indications more controversial decisions might be pushed back until after the November election . As we await final word , Bloomberg 's Lisa Lerer highlighted jitters among some Democrats in tight races this year but also said any Obama action this year would put pressure on the 2016 class of Republican presidential contenders . "  Last week , Rand Paul was in Guatemala , " said Lerer . "  He said it was part of his annual medical mission trip , but he brought his political staff , reporters and a film crew with an aerial drone . " Lerer also pointed out that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is taking his second trip out of the country as governor next week and the destination is -- Mexico . 5 . Liberal worries about Warren Liberals love when Elizabeth Warren goes after big banks and pushes her populist economic views . But Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post reports that some progressives are now getting a bit wary -- coming to the conclusion that on some big foreign policy questions , the Massachusetts senator sounds , disturbingly to them , a lot like Hillary Clinton . "  She essentially said that Israelis have the right to defend themselves and in the question of sort of civilian casualties , she essentially says that , well , it 's Hamas ' fault because they have put rocket launchers next to schools and in hospitals , " said Henderson . So over these next weeks , Democrats will watch to see what Warren says about Syria and ISIS and what she does on her trip to Israel in November .	A number of top Republican strategists say a GOP win in Kansas is now hardly a sure thing Republicans can not count on a big midterm wave this year Any action this year on immigration would put pressure on the 2016 class of GOP presidential contenders
CNN  -- Judging by the 5 a.m. call I got yesterday from a national news network , and from the barrage of in-print , online and televised discussion I saw as the day wore on , it is clear that the revelation that Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. is being treated at a "  residential treatment facility " for a mood disorder has raised far more questions than it has answered . The key issues in the media debate/discussion appear to be : What is a mood disorder , and would the treatment of a mood disorder really require prolonged treatment at a residential facility ? Being told someone has a mood disorder is a little bit like learning someone has cancer . There is no such thing as "  cancer , " only specific types of cancer , which vary hugely from one another in location , symptoms and prognosis and need for treatment . Like cancer , "  mood disorder " is a general term for a group of disorders that can vary widely in terms of symptoms , prognosis and treatment . A mood disorder can be a mild depressive episode that sends a high-functioning person to a counselor for support and guidance , or it can be a florid psychotic episode that lands a previously law-abiding citizen in jail , or worse . If the congressman were in a hospital being treated for cancer , our sense of decorum might restrain us from digging deeper into the issue . But if we did dig , we 'd want to know what kind of cancer he had , what his prognosis was  will he recover or die , and if the latter when  , what kind of treatment he will need and how this treatment will impact his ability to serve in the government . Pelosi : Jackson should take all the time he needs People are notoriously less restrained in their curiosity about psychiatric disease than cancer , but the questions are the same . In relation to the congressman we want to know what kind of mood disorder he has , what is the likelihood he 'll recover , what treatment will he need and how will the illness and his treatment impact his ability to work . Of course , we have no idea what kind of mood disorder he has , so all I can do here is give a brief outline of what kind of mood disorder he might have . In mood disorders , the overriding symptoms are all tied to disturbances in how people feel . Most of us spend our lives in moderate moods , but most of us have also experienced some mood extremes -- those times when we 've felt profoundly down or depressed and other times when we 've felt remarkably excited and euphoric . Mood disorders exist at these extremes of thought and feeling . They have two additional characteristics . First , they are characterized by mood states that are more intense than people normally experience in their daily lives . Second , mood disorders are conditions in which mood gets stuck . While most of us feel better or worse based on what 's happening in our lives , but always within limits , people with serious mood disorders often remain frozen in states of profound despair or unrealistic euphoria for extended periods . The vast majority of people with mood disorders will only experience depressive episodes . Although estimates vary , somewhere between 20 % and 40 % of people living in the modern world will have at least one episode of major depression in their lifetime . Many people who have a first episode will go on to have repeated episodes with the passage of time . Depressive episodes are true mind-body experiences : people feel down , blue , sad or frightened and they lose pleasure in life , but they also experience physical/bodily symptoms such as sleep and appetite changes , fatigue and often physical aches and pains . A small minority of people with mood disorders will have a manic episode . Unlike depression , which all of us understand to some degree or other from our own experience , a full mania is a shocking thing to see . With one or two exceptions , all the most outrageous things I 've seen as a psychiatrist  and I 've seen many shocking sites  occurred in the context of manic episodes . Manic people do the most astounding and bizarre things imaginable . And many people in the grips of mania have assured me that I could have no idea of how they were thinking and feeling . I think this is true . Mania starts at the happiest , the most excited , the most grandiose you 've ever felt and just goes straight up from there . Manic people often feel incredibly euphoric and energized . They do n't sleep . They do n't eat . They talk constantly at high speeds . They feel incredibly important and powerful . From this perspective they take terrible chances and do foolish things , believing everything will work to their favor . When things get really intense they often begin hearing voices , not infrequently the voice of God , and they develop delusions about their place in the world . For example , I 've had manic patients believe they were Jesus , the Virgin Mary , Hitler 's girlfriend and Michael Jackson . If you 've watched your own moods closely , you may have noticed that after times of especially high spirits you might be more prone than usual to irritability . This same phenomenon rules within the world of manias . Even when euphoric , most manic patients are dangerously irritable if they are opposed by others . And with time , most euphoric episodes morph into states of rage and displeasure . This may account for the fact that people are more likely to commit suicide when manic than when depressed . As I 've said , many people with mood disorders only have depressions , and this disease pattern is often referred to as "  unipolar depression . " On the other hand , almost everyone who has a manic episode also will have depressions , and in fact likely will have far more depressive than manic episodes . For this reason , people with manias and depressions are diagnosed as having "  bipolar disorder , " a condition also known as manic-depression . A small minority of people  mostly men  will only have manias , but modern psychiatry has no special category for these "  unipolar manic " folks -- they are considered to have bipolar disorder on the bet that sooner or later a depression will creep into the mix . Both unipolar major depression and bipolar disorder have been shown to benefit from similar types of psychotherapy . On the other hand , different pharmacological strategies are usually required for bipolar and unipolar mood disorders . Antidepressants are the mainstay of medical treatment for unipolar major depression . On the other hand , many patients with bipolar disorder actually seem to do worse when treated with antidepressants and respond preferentially to medications that stabilize mood and/or reduce psychotic symptoms . Classic examples of mood stabilizers are lithium and valproic acid . Multiple new and older anti-psychotic agents are available for the treatment of bipolar disorder . These agents are very effective in reducing mania and in protecting against new mood episodes , but generally are not as effective in treating the depressions that bedevil people with bipolar disorder . The prognosis for people with mood disorders serious enough to need hospitalization is not particularly good . Our best studies suggest that 10 % to 15 % of these people will eventually commit suicide . Most people with serious unipolar depression and almost everyone with bipolar disorder will experience repeated episodes or chronic symptoms across their lives , even with adequate treatment . These episodes and symptoms frequently wreak havoc on occupational and social functioning . For reasons we are just now beginning to understand , mood disorders also take a terrible toll on health . People with mood disorders earlier in life are at increased risk later in life for many of the modern world 's most lethal medical disorders . Some studies suggest people with bipolar disorder live almost 10 years less than people without mood disorders . Let me end this piece with a final comment regarding the specifics of Jesse Jackson Jr. 's treatment . The fact that he is in a "  residential facility " has spawned a good deal of media discussion , most of it based around the fact that mood disorders are supposedly not treated in such facilities , but that substance abuse frequently is . I 've heard pundits say that this means either that Jackson is actually in a psychiatric hospital and being euphemistic about his current accommodations or that he really is struggling with substance abuse and claiming a mood disorder as a way to avoid the stigma associated with drug and alcohol addictions . In fact , there are a number of high-end residential psychiatric facilities in the United States that do treat mood disorders , and -- in my experience -- do so very well for people who can afford a high price tag that is almost never covered by insurance . These facilities will frequently keep very ill patients for a month or more . So this one aspect of Jackson 's story need not surprise or confuse us .	It is not known which mood disorder Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. may have Many with mood disorders only have depressions , which is called "  unipolar depression " Others have "  bipolar depression , " which includes manic episodes
CNN  -- Do n't tell Brad Pitt who or how to love . Brad Pitt talks about "  soul mate " Angelina Jolie , life , and fatherhood in Parade magazine . The actor and star of the new film "  Inglourious Basterds " opened up to Parade magazine about his thoughts on love , marriage and fatherhood . During the candid interview , Pitt showed off a secret area in one of his homes which he said "  is a great place for sex " and reflected on his early days in Hollywood , which included superstardom and some marijuana . "  I liked to smoke a bit of grass at the time , and I became very sheltered , " Pitt told Parade . "  Then I got bored . I was turning into a damn doughnut , really . " These days , Pitt said he 's happy with his decision to become a parent with partner Angelina Jolie . The two have six children , all younger than 10 : Maddox , Pax , Zahara , Shiloh and twins Vivienne Marcheline and Knox , the latter born last year . "  This family is full of life , " Pitt said . "  There are laughs , aggravations , irritations , but at the end of the day , it 's fun . When life is really good , it 's messy . " Pitt said his life is very different now that he is a dad . "  When I go down a path , I take it to the end , " he said . "  Then I take another one . I took the path of not having kids , now it 's time for family . Children are a dominant value in my life now , and they were n't before . " He 's found a "  soul mate " in Jolie , Pitt said , but he insisted he meant what he has said in the past about not marrying her . "  When someone asked me why Angie and I do n't get married , I replied , ` Maybe we 'll get married when it 's legal for everyone else , ' " he said . "  I stand by that , although I took a lot of flak for saying it , hate mail from religious groups . I believe everyone should have the same rights . " Pitt told Parade he takes exception to anyone trying to dictate how someone should live and who they should love . "  Just the other night , I heard this TV reverend say that Angie and I were setting a bad example because we were living out of wedlock , and people should not be duped by us , " Pitt told the magazine . "  It made me laugh . "  What damn right does anyone have to tell someone else how to live if they 're not hurting anyone ? How many times do you think real love comes to someone in a lifetime ? If you 're lucky , maybe two or three . " People should be able to be happy , Pitt said , and that includes his children . "  Would it bother me if a child of mine turns out to be gay ? No , not one bit , " he said . "  Listen , I want my kids to live the lives they want to live . I want them to be fulfilled . I hope I teach my kids to be who they really are . "	Brad Pitt gave a candid interview to Parade magazine Says he stands by not marrying Angelina Jolie until it 's "  legal for everyone else " Actor says he loves being a father to six children
The Chinese air force has a new secret weapon : monkeys . The People 's Liberation Army Air Force has trained macaques to keep its troops safe by discouraging birds from nesting near the air force base , the PLA 's website reported earlier this week . The monkeys are used in an unidentified air force base in northern China , which is situated right on a major migratory route for birds . When swarms of birds fly around the base , it poses a threat to military planes that are in mid-flight . The birds could potentially get sucked into plane engines , endangering the lives of both birds and pilots . "  Do n't worry , we now have a secret weapon ! " Su Chuang , a high-ranking officer , was quoted as saying on the PLA website . The officer was referring to the specially-trained monkeys that answer to the sound of a whistle . When the nests of birds are discovered in tree tops , the monkey army is deployed to remove them . The PLA have tried many different methods to remove the nests in the past , including opening fire on the nests , using long bamboo poles to topple them out of trees , and having soldiers climb the trees to pick them out . None of these methods were very effective . Apart from being time-consuming and dangerous for the officers who had to climb the trees , the birds kept coming back . However , when monkeys remove the nests , the birds do not return , as the macaques leave a scent on the branches that discourage the birds , according to the PLA 's web posting . "  The monkeys are loyal bodyguards who defend the safety of our comrades , " said the web report .	Birds pose a hazard to Chinese planes in the air Monkeys are trained to remove bird 's nests from tree tops The monkeys leave a scent on tree branches , discouraging birds from returning
CNN  -- In a decision announced Wednesday , Australia 's high court upheld the plain packaging act , which says that tobacco products must be in plain packaging without logos and bear graphic health warnings as of December 1 . The government immediately hailed the ruling , calling it a "  watershed moment for tobacco control around the world . " "  The message to the rest of the world is big tobacco can be taken on and beaten , " Attorney General Nicola Roxon said in a statement . "  Without brave governments willing to take the fight up to big tobacco , they 'd still have us believing that tobacco is neither harmful nor addictive . " Opinion : Australian packaging laws misguided Australia is the first nation in the world to require "  plain packaging " for tobacco . Only the brand and variant name will differ against a drab , dark-color background . Other government initiatives against tobacco have included a 25 % excise in 2010 , restrictions on Internet advertising , and more than $ 85 million in anti-smoking social marketing campaigns . According to the World Health Organization , tobacco kills nearly 6 million people a year , 10 % of them from secondhand smoke exposure . The WHO says the death toll could rise to more than 8 million a year by 2030 without urgent action . Tobacco companies , including Imperial Tobacco , Philip Morris Limited and British American Tobacco , had challenged the act as unconstitutional , saying the government was unfairly taking its intellectual property . The high court posted the decision on its website , but not the full opinion . That will be published at a later date , it said . "  Any company in similar circumstances , when faced with the loss of brands worth billions of dollars , would challenge such laws , " said Sonia Stewart , spokeswoman for Imperial Tobacco , an Australian company , in a statement . "  Our biggest concern is the effect plain packaging will have on illicit trade , " Stewart said . "  Plain packaging will make Australia a magnet for the growing black market in tobacco , which already costs the Australian Government nearly $ 1 billion per annum in lost revenue . " In a similarly worded statement , British American Tobacco said only organized crime gangs will gain from an illegal market . The policy , said spokesman Scott McIntyre , "  will actually increase smoking rates particularly in young people who 'll have greater access to cheap illegal cigarettes . " Imperial Tobacco and PML said the legal fight was not over , citing challenges by three governments -- Honduras , the Dominican Republic and Ukraine -- within the World Trade Organization . PML is also suing Australia for breaching the Bilateral Investment Treaty with Hong Kong . Public health advocates , however , hailed the ruling , which conforms with the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control , to which Australia is a party . Richard Daynard , a professor at Northeastern University School of Law in Boston and president of the school 's Public Health Advocacy Institute , called the Australian ruling "  extraordinarily encouraging . " "  It means that governments are pretty much free to do what they feel is necessary to protect their population from tobacco marketing , including marketing on packages . In other words , it 's a blow for public health . " Daynard said Philip Morris has taken the lead in litigation against governments that take strong anti-tobacco control measures . "  They have a case against the government of Uruguay for requiring that 80 % of the packages have warnings on them , " he said in a telephone interview . Beyond Australia Last year the United States unveiled nine graphic health warning labels that must cover half the area of cigarette packages by this September , joining 41 other countries that mandate pictorial warnings . Tobacco use is the nation 's leading preventable cause of death , responsible for about one in five deaths -- or 443,000 -- a year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Additionally , cigarette smoking is responsible for $ 96 billion in direct medical costs and $ 97 billion in lost productivity each year , according to the U.S. government . Should smoking trigger an R rating ? Five tobacco manufacturers , including R.J. Reynolds , have challenged the requirements , saying they violate First Amendment rights . In February , a federal judge sided with the companies , and the Obama administration 's appeal is pending . In a report last year , the CDC found in a 14-nation study that graphic health warnings on cigarette packages have led a "  substantial " number of smokers to consider quitting . The World Health Organization says 19 countries meet the "  best practice for pictorial warnings , " which include warnings in the local language and which must cover at least half of cigarette packages . Less than 11 % of the world 's population is protected by comprehensive national smoke-free laws , it says . Previously on CNN.com : CDC unveils graphic ads to combat smoking	"  It 's extraordinarily encouraging , " says public health advocate of ruling The high court published its decision , but not the opinion , which will be given at later date Tobacco firms say law will only boost illicit trade while impinging on intellectual property Tobacco kills nearly 6 million people a year , World Health Organization says
CNN  -- On Sunday a missile launched from a U.S. drone struck a house in Pakistan 's remote tribal agency of North Waziristan , killing eight suspected militants , most of whom were loyal to the Pakistani Taliban commander , Hafiz Gul Bahadur . Bahadur has reportedly overseen multiple attacks against NATO troops in Afghanistan . While the CIA drone war against al Qaeda in Pakistan is well known and is even , on occasion , publicly acknowledged by senior Obama administration officials , the strike against Bahadur 's fighters is part of a lesser-known campaign to target Pakistani militants , who are less able to pose a threat to the U.S. homeland . This represents an expansion of the drone program that was overseen by President Barack Obama 's administration . In 2004 President George W. Bush authorized for the first time the covert lethal use of drones inside Pakistani territory . During his tenure , there were 45 drone strikes in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas  FATA  , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation . But when President Obama took office in January 2009 , the program ramped up quickly , accelerating from an average of one strike every 40 days to one every four days by mid-2011 . The New America Foundation maintains a database of every reported drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal regions since 2004 . We monitor reports about the strikes from reliable Western and Pakistani news sources , such as The New York Times , The Associated Press , CNN , Reuters , Express Tribune , Dawn , and Geo TV . All told , the 307 drone strikes launched by the United States in Pakistan between June 2004 and June 2012 have killed an estimated 1,562 to 2,377 suspected militants , according to news accounts . Pakistan to open supply routes into Afghanistan Of those strikes , 70 % have struck North Waziristan , home to factions of the Pakistani Taliban and the Haqqani Network , which has often launched operations in Kabul against civilian targets . Over a third of these strikes have reportedly targeted members of the Taliban , with at least 10 of the strikes killing senior Taliban commanders , as well as hundreds of lower-level fighters . The United States ' aggressive drone campaign in Pakistan slowed considerably in 2011 . There were 70 drone strikes in the tribal regions that year , down from 118 in 2010 , which saw the peak number of strikes since the program began . According to our data , 6 % of the fatalities resulting from drone strikes in 2011 were civilians , up 1 percentage point from the figure in 2010 . Over the life of the program we estimate that the civilian casualty rate is 16 % . Clearly , as the years have progressed , the drone strikes have become more precise and discriminating . In March 2011 , Pakistani Maj. Gen. Ghayur Mehmood acknowledged this when he said "  the number of innocent people being killed is relatively low " and that "  most of the targets are hard-core militants , " the first such public acknowledgment by a senior Pakistani military officer . Similarly , President Obama made his first public comments about the covert drone program , when he told participants of a Google + "  hangout " on January 30 , 2012 , that the United States only conducts "  very precise precision strikes against al Qaeda and their affiliates , and we 're very careful in terms of how it 's been applied . " Even if it is the case that there are relatively few civilians killed in the strikes , the drone program is quite unpopular in Pakistan . During the summer of 2010 the New America Foundation sponsored one of the few public opinion polls ever to be conducted in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas and found that almost 90 % of the respondents opposed U.S. military operations in the region . The wider Pakistani public shares this sentiment : A June 2012 Pew Research Center poll found that about three quarters of Pakistanis consider the drone campaign to be unnecessary . Opinion : Obama ramps up covert war in Yemen Even so , the strikes may have contributed to a relative decrease in violence across Pakistan . There were 41 suicide attacks in Pakistan in 2011 , down from 49 in 2010 and a record high of 87 in 2009 . The 118 drone strikes carried out in 2010 coincided with an almost 50 % drop in suicide attacks across Pakistan , according to the Pak Institute for Peace Studies , which monitors Pakistani militant groups . Another factor in the reduction in terrorism in Pakistan surely was the Pakistani military 's own operations against the Taliban , particularly its 2009 campaigns in Swat and South Waziristan . Some 1,600 Taliban fighters were killed during "  Operation Rah-e-Rast " in Swat while hundreds more surrendered to the government . Evidence of the drone strikes ' impact can be found in the description provided by David Rohde , the former New York Times reporter held by the Taliban Haqqani Network for months in 2009 , who called the drones "  a terrifying presence " in South Waziristan . Officials : U.S. may repay Pakistan Key militant commanders reportedly started sleeping outside under trees to avoid being targeted , while Taliban militants regularly executed suspected "  spies " in Waziristan accused of providing information to the United States , suggesting they feared betrayal from within . Last month , a top Taliban commander in South Waziristan halted all polio eradication efforts in the area for fear that the health workers were , in fact , U.S. spies in disguise assisting the CIA drone program . The CIA drone attacks in Pakistan have undoubtedly hindered some of the Taliban 's operations , killed hundreds of their low-level fighters , and a number of their top commanders . But they have also slowed considerably since their peak in 2010 , and have come under harsher scrutiny both in Pakistan and the West , rendering the program 's future in the region uncertain . The CIA strikes may also be fueling terrorism . Faisal Shahzad , an American citizen of Pakistan descent trained by the Pakistan Taliban , tried to detonate a car bomb in Times Square on May 1 , 2010 . The plot failed , but Shahzad subsequently claimed that the drone program had fueled his anger against the United States . * Here is a list of the Taliban leaders who have been killed in the CIA drone campaign , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation from reliable news reports : June 18 , 2004 : Nek Mohammad , Taliban leader August 13 , 2008 : Abdul Rehman , Taliban commander in South Waziristan October 26 , 2008 : Mohammad Omar , close associate of Nek Mohammad August 5 , 2009 : Baitullah Mehsud , overall leader of the Pakistani Taliban December 31 , 2009 : Haji Omar , a key Taliban commander in North Waziristan January 2010  exact date unknown  : Mahmud Mahdi Zeidan , Jordanian Taliban commander February 24 , 2010 : Mohammad Qari Zafar , Taliban commander wanted in connection with a bombing in Karachi in 2006 December 17 , 2010 : Ibne Amin , Taliban commander in Swat October 27 , 2011 : Khan Mohammad , Deputy of Taliban commander Maulvi Nazir March 13 , 2012 : Shamsullah and Amir Hamza Toji Khel , two of Maulvi Nazir 's senior commanders Read more about nation and global security at CNN 's Security Clearance blog .	Peter Bergen , Jennifer Rowland : Administration quietly targeting militants in Pakistan with drones They say attacks spiked on Obama 's watch , from one every 40 days , to one every 4 days They say since 2004 1,562 to 2,377 suspected militants killed ; but program decried in Pakistan Writers : Program seems effective , but anger over it may fuel terrorism
Ottawa , Canada  CNN  -- It was a surprise , even for a journalist , to be driving down Wellington Street , the city 's ceremonial thoroughfare , and to find myself swept into the chaotic aftermath of a disaster . I was rushing to a television studio at mid-morning and passing by the National War Memorial , just minutes after the shooting . A solider was down . Police were closing streets , stopping traffic , barking orders , brandishing machine guns , fingers on triggers . They soon imposed a lockdown , lasting until mid-afternoon . It is from that confinement that I began writing this . This is not supposed to happen in Canada -- much less Ottawa , its sleepy , self-absorbed capital . Sentries do not die on duty at the National War Memorial in this , our season of remembrance . Politicians do not cower in the committee rooms of Parliament , as its Gothic hallways ring with gunfire . Sharpshooters do not take up position on oxidized copper rooftops nearby , looking for men with long rifles . This is Canada , once known as "  the Peaceable Kingdom . " Now we have learned , like so many other countries , that terrible , unsentimental reality of the 21st century : It can happen here . When a gunman killed that lone soldier in front of the memorial today , when he -- and possibly his accomplices  at this moment we do not know whether , who or how many  -- then swept through the front doors of the Parliament of Canada and began firing , something changed here . When hundreds of parliamentarians , gathering in their weekly party caucuses , pushed leather chairs and tables against the doors and barricaded themselves inside their rooms and offices , something changed here . And when the city center was locked down and a perimeter thrown up around the parliamentary precinct and beyond , confining thousands to their offices and shops , something changed here . It is too much a clich to say -- as many surely will -- that Canada has lost its innocence today . Canada is surely not innocent ; a nation that marched into the maw of two world wars and left 100,000 of its sons in Europe understands a few things . That 's particularly true at this time of year , when Canadians wear red poppies in their lapels until November 11 , Remembrance Day . What we might say , though , is that Canada has lost its ignorance today -- and , perhaps , a good part of its complacency , too . This country is now chillingly aware that bad things can happen here , even in the seat of its democracy . Many of us blithely thought it could not , or would not , happen . In 147 years as a democracy , we have never had a revolution , a civil war or a foreign invasion . Abroad , we have not fought wars of conquest , we never had colonies , and we never fought alone . For years , we were the world 's leading peacekeepers , projecting the sense of compromise abroad that we practice at home . Ours is an open , diverse society that has one of the highest levels of immigration in the world . It may be we thought ourselves impervious to pathologies and prejudices from home or abroad . Not here . Not us . Then again , why should Canada be immune ? Canadians fought in Afghanistan . We are a member of NATO and an historic ally of the United States . Earlier this month our Parliament voted to join the air campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq . This week or next , our warplanes will go into action there . We should not be surprised . There have been ominous signs . A plot was foiled a few years ago to bomb Parliament and behead the Prime Minister . More recently , there have been increasing reports of "  radicalized " Canadian Muslims joining jihadists in the Middle East . If what happened here is , in fact , an organized terror attack -- and even if it is something less , based simply on religious or ideological fervor -- it is another reminder of the dangers that have always come with a successful if complex society that aspires to a place in the world . Unlike the United States , Canada has little violent crime . It is among the safest of industrialized countries . Murders , even mass slayings , can and do happen in Toronto , Montreal and Vancouver , its three largest cities . But they 're unusual . Ottawa , Canada 's fourth-largest city , is a government town . It is Canberra in Australia or Sacramento , California . It is not London , Paris or Rome . It 's a parochial place whose mayor thinks that replacing a crumbling public library or building light rail -- years after other cities in Canada have done both -- is a bold idea . So , it is jarring , alarming and sad that this has happened here , of all places . But it was nave to think that a country of 35 million people , on the way to war in Iraq , would not face this kind of violence one day . Now we have . Our long , sweet season of ignorance is over .	Andrew Cohen was swept into chaotic aftermath of Ottawa soldier shot , was in lockdown This is n't supposed to happen in Canada , known for peace , low crime , immigration , he says He says Canada lost ignorance , complacency ; and why not ? It 's ally to U.S. , player in the world Cohen : Nave to think that country on way to war would not face violence one day
CNN  -- David Villa scores a dramatic injury time winner to give Spain a 2-1 victory over Sweden in Innsbruck to put them in the quarterfinals of Euro 2008 by finishing top of Group D. David Villa leads the race for the Golden Boot after his fourth tournament goal saw Spain defeat Sweden 2-1 . The match had looked set to end in a draw after Zlatan Ibrahimovic had equalized following Fernando Torres ' 15th-minute goal . However , a long ball out of defense dropped kindly for Villa and the striker slipped the ball to the left of goalkeeper Andreas Isaksson for his fourth goal of the tournament . The result leaves Spain with six points in Group D , three more than Sweden and Russia and certain of top spot after beating both those teams . Torres had put Spain in front when he lunged at a pass from David Silva , with his right foot outstretched , to touch the ball past Isaksson . Sweden veteran Henrik Larsson had shot over the bar and Johan Elmander , who scored against Spain in a qualifying match for Euro 2008 , missed two chances before Fredrik Stoor curled a pass from the right to Ibrahimovic in the area in the 34th minute . The Inter Milan striker turned away from marker Sergio Ramos and hit a low shot that just made it under goalkeeper Iker Casillas . Spain controlled early on and it was no surprise when Torres put them ahead with his first goal of the tournament . Silva chipped a diagonal pass into the area toward Joan Capdevila , but Torres stuck out his right foot to intercept and touch it in for his 16th goal in 51 appearances for Spain . Larsson and Johan Elmander both had their chances before Stoor found Ibrahimovic at the far post . Ibrahimovic initially tried to volley Stoor 's cross from the right and regained control before shrugging Ramos to the ground . He then swerved to score with a low right-footed shot that Casillas got a hand to but could not keep out . It was the second straight match in which Ibrahimovic had scored , after he ended a near three-year scoring drought in a 2-0 victory against Greece . Villa was in the team despite sustaining a hairline fracture of his right index finger while celebrating the first of his hat-trick goals against Russia , and the Sweden defense kept him under wraps until the 38th minute , when Isaksson had to stop a low shot . Elmander , who started in place of the injured Christian Wilhelmsson , was troubling Spain down the flank but was lucky not to concede a penalty for a nudge on David Silva just before halftime . Markus Rosenberg came on for Ibrahimovic to start the second half , with Sweden not wanting to risk their star player 's swollen left knee . There were few clear chances in the second half , and those that came went to Spain . Sweden 's attack sorely lacked the physical presence of Ibrahimovic , and Larsson just failed to meet Petter Hansson 's cross at the far post in the 79th minute for his team 's best opportunity . At the other end , Villa jumped on Silva 's rebound in the 63rd minute and fired straight at Isaksson from close range . Villa then recovered the loose ball and centered to find Torres , whose shot was blocked . The teams seemed content with a draw that would have helped both , but Sweden was caught out when Capdevila sent a 40-meter pass over the head of Torres and into the path of Sweden defender Hansson . However , Hansson lost the ball under pressure from Villa , who calmly scored with an angled shot from just inside the area . "  We 're happy . We had many chances in both halves and we managed to score right at the end , " said Spain coach Luis Aragones . "  In the second half , we went out looking for the goal and things finally worked out . "	David Villa scores an injury time goal to give Spain a 2-1 victory over Sweden Earlier , Zlatan Ibrahimovic had equalized Fernando Torres ' 15th minute opener The win puts Spain in the last eight and guarantees them top spot in Group D
Maurice Herzog , a celebrated French mountaineer who was the first person to reach the top of an 8,000-meter peak , died early Friday in France , the French presidential palace announced . He was 93 . Herzog and fellow climber Louis Lachenal arrived at the summit of the 8,091-meter  26,545-foot  Annapurna in the Himalayas in June 1950 . They did not use oxygen masks during their ascent . In his best-selling book "  Annapurna , " Herzog gives a painful account of the difficult descent , which cost him and Lachenal several fingers and toes due to frostbite . But without this expedition , Herzog said , "  I would not have had the life I had after . " Back in France , Herzog , who had taken part in the resistance during the Second World War , turned his attention to politics . Under President Charles de Gaulle , Herzog became the French minister for youth and sport in 1958 , and he served a mayor of Chamonix from 1966 to 1977 . Herzog 's legendary status was marred in 1996 by the second publication of Lachenal 's "  Vertigo Notebook , " which included sections omitted in the from 1956 version . The book challenged Herzog 's version of events and he was criticized for stealing the glory and ignoring the fact that the ascent had truly been a team effort . Reaction to Herzog 's death poured in from veteran mountaineers and high-powered politicians . "  He was a very complex character who was undeniably charismatic , and a number of gray areas will remain over his mountaineering career , " Denis Crabieres , head of the French Mountain Guides Association , said in an interview with CNN affiliate BFMTV . "  He was a great mountaineer , beyond all controversy , who was able to reinvent himself and succeed in public action , " former French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier told French radio RTL . French President Francois Hollande issued a statement expressing his condolences to Herzog 's family , and added that the climb was an "  exploit that will remain in our collective memory . "	Maurice Herzog and a fellow climber reached the top of Annapurna in 1950 Later he became the French minister for youth and sport Herzog 's legendary status was marred by the 1996 publication of the fellow climber 's account "  He was a great mountaineer , beyond all controversy , " a former French official says
Washington  CNN  -- A year and a half after deploying National Guard troops to counter illegal immigration on the Southwest border , the Department of Homeland Security and Pentagon told Congress Tuesday they are cutting the number of troops and changing their mission . The drawdown , which the department characterized as a "  transition , " will begin in January and should be completed by March . Several lawmakers told CNN the number of National Guard troops on the border will be cut from 1,200 with responsibilities mainly on the ground to 300 who will support the border mission in the air . The Department of Homeland Security said the change is possible because of a jump in the number of Border Patrol officers in the region , an increase in technology and a drop in apprehensions at the border . But several lawmakers criticized the move , saying conditions on the Southwest border merit more troops , not fewer . A deployment of 1,200 troops was "  not enough to begin with , although they are doing as good a job as they can , " Rep. Ted Poe , R-Texas , told CNN . Poe said the United States has "  operational control " of only 44 percent of the Southwestern border . "  That 's not success , " Poe said . Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , agreed . "  If the Obama administration 's goal is border security , their actions undermine their objective , " he said in a written statement . "  We should keep guardsmen on the ground until the Border Patrol can gain operational control of the majority of the U.S.-Mexico border . " But Rep. Silvestre Reyes , D-Texas , supported the drawdown . "  While I appreciate the service of our National Guard forces , requiring them to engage in border law enforcement activity is not cost effective , " he said in a statement . The Homeland Security Department said that in the fiscal year ending October 1 , Border Patrol apprehensions of illegal immigrants -- a key indicator of the amount of illegal immigration -- decreased to 340,252 , down 53 percent since fiscal year 2008 . Since 2004 , the size of the Border Patrol has doubled to 21,444 . In a news release announcing the change , the Department of Homeland Security and the Pentagon did not cite exactly how many troops would be pulled from the border , but said the "  new strategic approach " will increase border security . That approach includes "  adding a number of new multi-purpose aerial assets " equipped with the "  latest surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities . " In addition , the National Guard will provide helicopters and planes to the Border Patrol , "  allowing for faster response capabilities , " the news release said . "  I did not understand or get the impression they are going to add any equipment ; they 're going to use what they have , " said Poe , who was briefed on the changes . The Defense Department budget for the border would drop by half , from $ 120 million to $ 60 million , congressional staffers said they were told . Specifics about the ramped-up aerial surveillance are still being worked out , the staffers said . Poe said he plans to fight the change . "  I 'll ask the president to reconsider and then try to figure a way , bipartisan , to show that this is not a wise move , " he said .	The transition will begin in January and be completed by March , DHS says Some lawmakers oppose the move , saying conditions merit more troops , not fewer DHS says a "  new strategic approach " will increase border security
Female Formula One driver Maria de Villota is conscious after suffering "  severe facial and head injuries " in a crash during a test event on Tuesday . The Spanish racer , one of only two female drivers involved in the sport , was in Britain driving the Marussia team 's MR-01 car for the first time when she struck a stationary truck . Emergency medical charity Magpas confirmed it had treated a woman in her 30s after a slow-speed Formula One crash at Duxford in the county of Cambridgeshire . A later statement from Marussia confirmed De Villota had received hospital treatment and the tests were still being conducted on her at Addenbrookes Hospital . "  Since Maria 's arrival at the hospital at approximately 1045 BST , she has been receiving the best medical attention possible at the hospital , which is the region 's major trauma centre , " said the Russian-owned team . "  Maria is conscious and medical assessments are ongoing . The team will await the outcome of these assessments before providing further comment . "  The team 's first priority at this time is Maria and her family . " Earlier in the day , Marussia had said : "  At approximately 0915 this morning , Maria De Villota had an accident in the team 's MR-01 race car at Duxford Airfield where she was testing the car for the first time . "  The accident happened at the end of her first installation run and involved an impact with the team 's support truck . Maria has been transferred to hospital . Once her medical condition has been assessed a further statement will be issued . " The 32-year-old Spaniard joined Britain-based Marussia in July , after a career which had included spells in Spanish Formula Three , the Euroseries 3000 and the Daytona 24 Hours . The Madrid-born racer is the daughter of former March team Formula One driver Emilio de Villota . De Villota made her debut behind the wheel of an F1 car when testing for Lotus Renault in August 2011 . The only other female driver currently contracted in the elite division of motorsport is Britain 's Susie Wolff , who is a development driver with Williams .	Maria de Villota hospitalized after a crash during a test event on Tuesday The Spaniard crashed into a truck while driving for the Marussia Formula One team The 32-year-old is now conscious having received treatment at a local hospital De Villota is one of only two female drivers contracted an F1 team
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's Ministry of Justice is denying reports that a Saudi court sentenced a man to be surgically paralyzed as punishment for having paralyzed another man , with the ministry adding that the judge in the case had "  dismissed requests for such punishment . " A series of tweets issued by the Justice Ministry admonished media outlets for having published those earlier reports , calling them "  untrue . " The ministry also slammed human rights organizations for having condemned Saudi Arabia based on those reports . "  We hope that everyone attempts to verify the facts and be accurate , " said the ministry . News about the case first surfaced in local Saudi media last month . The Saudi Gazette , an English-language daily , reported that Ali Al-Khawahir was 14 when he stabbed and paralyzed his best friend 10 years ago . The newspaper added that Al-Khawahir , who has been in prison ever since , had been sentenced to be surgically paralyzed if he can not come up with one million Saudi Riyals  $ 266,000  in compensation to be paid to the victim . Rights groups were quick to condemn the reported sentence , with Amnesty International calling it "  outrageous , " and adding that it "  should on no account be carried out . " Britian 's Foreign Office also issued a statement about the reported sentence , expressing "  deep concern " and calling the punishment "  grotesque . " This is not the first time a "  paralysis as punishment " sentence has made headlines in Saudi Arabia . In 2010 , local media reported the case of a 22-year-old man who was paralyzed in a fight , saying he had subsequently requested paralysis as punishment for the man he 'd fought with . After the initial reports , the Saudi Ministry of Justice denied that paralysis had ever been considered as punishment in that case .	The purported sentence first surfaced in local media last month Now , the Saudi government says reports of a paralysis sentence are "  untrue " The judge in the case "  dismissed requests for such punishment " a Saudi ministry says The case centered on a man convicted of stabbing and paralyzing another man
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Italian football manager Carlo Ancelotti has gone from Milan to London in less than a day . Carlo Ancelotti will take over as manager of Chelsea from July 1 this year . Just 24 hours after resigning from his highly-successful eight-year stint at Italy 's AC Milan , he has been announced as the new manager of English Premier League club Chelsea -- replacing temporary manager Guus Hiddink . Chelsea , who won the FA Cup at the weekend , were looking for a permanent manager for the start of next season -- and Ancelotti has been signed on a three-year deal to the west-London club . A statement on Chelsea 's web site read : "  Carlo was the outstanding candidate for the job . He has proved over a long period his ability to build teams that challenged for , and have been successful in , major domestic and European competitions . " Ancelotti , who turns 50 next week , has been in management since 1995 , when he took charge of Italian Serie B club Reggiana . Although he only spent one season at Reggiana , he managed to earn them promotion to the top-flight Serie A league . Since then he has managed Parma and Juventus , before taking on the San Siro-based giants AC Milan . Is Ancelotti 's appointment the right move for Chelsea ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . As a manager he has enjoyed plenty of success , particularly in his time at the Rossoneri . He steered Milan to the Coppa Italia in 2003 , the Serie A title in 2003 -- 04 , the UEFA Champions League in both 2002 -- 03 and 2006 -- 07 , the UEFA Super Cup in 2003 and 2007 and the FIFA Club World Cup crown in 2007 . Before entering management , Ancelotti had a significant playing career as a midfielder with AS Roma and AC Milan . During his time at both clubs he amassed three Serie A titles , two European Cups , and he also won the Coppa Italia four times with Roma . He is one of only six people to ever win the Champions League as both a player and manager -- a list which includes current Barcelona manager and this year 's winner , Josep Guardiola . Ancelotti also represented Italy on 26 occasions , scoring once . He played in the 1986 and 1990 World Cups alongside players such as Roberto Mancini and the recently-retired Paolo Maldini . Despite his management success at AC Milan , it has been widely reported that his relationship with the club 's owner , Silvio Berlusconi , has not been strong in 2009 . He takes over at Chelsea as the permanent replacement for Luiz Felipe Scolari , although Guus Hiddink has been in charge since Scolari was sacked from Stamford Bridge in February .	London football club Chelsea appoint Carlo Ancelotti as their new manager Ancelotti has been in charge of Italian giants AC Milan for the past eight years As a manager , Ancelotti has enjoyed multiple Italian and European successes The Italian previously represented his country as a player , scoring one goal
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The romantic comedy "  New In Town " puts co-stars Renee Zellweger and Harry Connick Jr. at odds through most of the film . But behind the camera , the story was completely different , the pair told CNN . Harry Connick Jr. and Renee Zellweger enjoyed working with one another on the set of "  New In Town . " "  I had a great time . -LSB- Connick is -RSB- such a nice guy . He shows up on set and makes everyone laugh , and it 's just a nice day at work , " Zellweger said . Connick agreed , saying the off-camera friendship with his co-star made the on-camera experience an enjoyable one . "  Renee is the type of person that I got to know quickly . Well , I became friends with her quickly . She 's a very mysterious , wonderful young lady , " Connick said . Directed by Jonas Elmer , the film follows Zellweger as Lucy Hill , a Miami , Florida-based corporate shark who travels to a small Minnesota town to oversee the closing of a small factory . Upon arrival , Lucy clashes with the factory 's union representative , Ted Mitchell , played by Connick . As the two begin to understand one another , their icy relationship soon melts into romance . But the romance between Lucy and Ted is only one side of the story . Zellweger said she was instantly drawn to the role for its humor . "  I loved the physical comedy part of Lucy Hill 's experience . I laughed out loud when I imagined the scenarios , and I could not wait to go and play around with that , " she said , "  I wanted to go to work every day and laugh , and I did . " Famous for her roles in such comedies as "  Nurse Betty " and "  Bridget Jones 's Diary , " Zellweger is no stranger to the comedic scene . With "  New In Town , " the actress was eager to once again play a part that would make audiences laugh . "  I think the laughter , that 's therapeutic , " she said . At a time when the country is struggling through a financial recession , Connick said , "  New In Town " provides that necessary therapy . While the film centers on the troubles of one rural American town , it showcases a dilemma familiar to the entire country . "  I think there 's a good balance of what people are really feeling right now , and you walk away from this movie with a real feeling of hope and like , ` We 're going to be all right , ' " he said . "  New In Town " opens in theaters everywhere this Friday . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this story .	Zellweger and Connick became friends quickly on the "  New In Town " set "  I wanted to go to work every day and laugh , and I did , " Zellweger says The film offers hope during the country 's hard times , Connick says "  New In Town " opens in theaters everywhere this Friday
CNN  -- An Ontario mom is speaking out after a family received an anonymous letter imploring them to move or euthanize their autistic son because of the "  nuisance " the teen poses to the community . Posting on a blog about special-needs children , Karla Begley wrote , "  I will not stoop to an insulting level . What I have to say is about tolerance , acceptance and respect for kids with special needs . " It was a tempered response compared to the insults leveled at the family and her 13-year-old son , Max . "  That noise he makes when he is outside is DREADFUL ! Its  sic  scares the hell out of my normal children !!!!! " Wrote the author , who signed the letter "  one pissed off mother . " "  They should take whatever non retarded body parts he possesses and donate it to science , " the letter said . "  If Max 's sounds bother someone , I 'd hope that person would let us know in a respectful way , " Begley countered in her Wednesday post to lovethatmax.com . "  Give us a chance to handle it instead of being cowardly about it . " Durham Regional Police consulted with the Crown Attorney 's Office to see whether the letter , which among other things told the family to "  go live in a trailer in the woods with your wild animal kid " and to "  do  the right thing and move or euthanize him ! " constituted a hate crime . It does not , however . "  Despite the hateful language used , the Crown Attorney 's office has advised that the content of the letter falls below the threshold for a hate crime " police said in a recent statement . "  However , " It continued , "  there are other criminal code issues that are being considered . A criminal investigation is currently underway . " Max 's father , James Begley , told CNN he spoke with detectives recently and is encouraged by the investigation . "  They feel like they have a good lead , " he said . "  It sounds like they are onto something . " The letter was delivered to Max 's grandmother 's house , about 15 minutes from the Begley home in Oshawa , a town 40 miles from Toronto . The letter writer has not been identified by authorities , and police have asked people to give them any information on the case . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A letter sent to an Ontario woman 's house calls her grandson a "  nuisance " It urges his family to do "  the right thing and move or euthanize him ! " Mother of autistic boy says letter writer acted "  cowardly " "  I will not stoop to an insulting level , " mom Karla Begley writes
CNN  -- A Ugandan lawmaker has revived a controversial bill that makes engaging in some homosexual acts punishable by death , a rights group said , a proposal that provoked an international outcry three years ago . The anti-homosexuality bill was first proposed in October 2009 , prompting threats from some European nations to cut aid to Uganda , which relies on millions of dollars from foreign countries . It was later shelved , with a Ugandan government spokesman saying late last year that the bill was killed because it did not reflect a national consensus . "  It 's alarming and disappointing that Uganda 's Parliament will once again consider the anti-homosexuality bill , " said Michelle Kagari , the deputy Africa program director at Amnesty International . "  If passed , it would represent a grave assault on the human rights of all Ugandans , regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity . " A Ugandan government spokesman did not respond to CNN requests for comment . The bill is popular among some lawmakers in the nation , and it remains a simmering issue in Parliament . Its progress has been hindered by an international outcry , including condemnation from U.S. President Barack Obama . In addition to proposing the death penalty for certain gay acts , it calls for anyone aware of violations to report them to the authorities or face criminal sanction , according to Human Rights Watch . In 2010 , the lawmaker behind it said the bill is necessary in the conservative east African nation . "  This is a piece of legislation that is needed in this country to protect the traditional family here in Africa , and also protect the future of our children , " said David Bahati , the lawmaker . "  Every single day of my life now I am still pushing that it passes . " In addition to punishing homosexuals , it also proposes years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to homosexuals , a provision that would ensnare rights groups , they said . "  It aims to criminalize the ` promotion ' of homosexuality , compels HIV testing in some circumstances , and imposes life sentences for entering into a same-sex marriage , " Amnesty International said in a statement Tuesday . "  It would also be an offense for a person who is aware of any violations of the bill 's wide-ranging provisions not to report them to the authorities within 24 hours . " Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists .	The Anti-Homosexuality Bill is first proposed in October 2009 It sparks an international outcry and is later shelved Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa
CNN  -- An official in Inner Mongolia is disputing an Amnesty International report that parts of the region are under martial law . "  We did not enforce martial law . Everything is normal , " said Chao Lumen , an official with the information department of Xilingol prefecture . In the report released Friday , Amnesty International detailed protests in and around the city of Xilinhot , the prefecture 's seat of government . "  Nothing happened here . There were no demonstrations or protests , " Chao said Monday . The Amnesty report said Chinese authorities declared martial law in some parts of the autonomous region in an apparent response to days of protests . The region has long been the scene of ethnic tension between Mongolians , who have lived in the area for centuries , and the Han people , who arrived in larger numbers after the founding of the People 's Republic of China in 1949 . Han people are the majority ethnic group in China . According to the human rights organization , 2,000 Mongolian students took to the streets Wednesday in Xilinhot , in a show of solidarity with an ethnic Mongolian herder by the name of "  Mergen , " who was killed earlier this month when he was hit by a coal truck that was driven by ethnic Hans . Amnesty reported that the drivers of the coal truck are both in custody of Chinese authorities . In a clip posted to YouTube that purports to show that same demonstration , a large group of people , many of whom are young people wearing school uniforms , can be seen walking through the streets . The students were marching toward the building that houses the regional government , shouting , "  defend our land and defend our rights , according to the New York-based Southern Mongolian Human Rights Information Center . The group refers to the area as "  southern " -- not "  inner " -- Mongolia , and would like to see the region achieve independence or merge with Mongolia . CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the clip . According to Amnesty , the protests , which started May 23 , have been largely peaceful , but at least 18 people were reported injured in confrontations with police northeast of Xilinhot , in Right Ujimchin Banner , or Xi Wu Qi in Mandarin . "  The protests are a wake-up call for the authorities . As in other minority areas , authorities must start heeding the message rather than attacking the messengers , " said Catherine Baber , Amnesty 's Asia pacific deputy director . Protesters say their culture is under threat as pastoral herders are pushed out from the grasslands and forced to move to the cities , or to places where animal grazing is not possible , according to Enghebatu Togochog , Director of the Southern Mongolian Human Rights Information Center . He traces the motivation for recent demonstrations to the Chinese central government 's efforts , in recent years , to expand coal mining and production in areas that have traditionally been used for grazing .	The region in northeast has long been the scene of ethnic tension The tension is between Mongolians and Han people Han people are the majority ethnic group in China
Seoul  CNN  -- Waiting more than 60 years for an official apology has taken its toll on Kim Bok-dong . The 87-year old says she is tired and her health is failing but she continues to fight for recognition from the Japanese government for being used as a sex slave by their military during World War II . There were believed to be around 200,000 so-called "  comfort women , " mostly Korean . Many have since passed away , but those still alive want individual compensation for their treatment . "  When I started , the Japanese military would often beat me because I was n't submissive , " Kim says . ` Comfort women ' mark 1,000 th rally "  Every Sunday , soldiers came to the brothel from 8am until 5pm , on Saturday from noon until 5pm , plus weekdays . It was very hard to handle . I could n't stand at the end of the weekend . Since I had to deal with too many soldiers , I was physically broken . " Kim has tears in her eyes as she talks of her ordeal -- an ordeal that lasted every single day for eight years . Kim describes being moved around half a dozen Asian countries from the age of 14 . "  I was born as a woman but have never had a woman 's life . I was dragged to the foreign army 's battles , and my entire life was ruined . " Kim 's first marriage broke down when she could n't have children , which she assumes due to her mistreatment . When her second husband and her mother died , she had to work in the fields to earn a living . Kim is part of an NGO called the "  Korean Council for the Women Drafted for Military Sexual Slavery by Japan , " which is fighting for an apology . A weekly protest has been held outside the Japanese embassy in Seoul for the past 20 years . The embassy keeps its blinds shut during the protests and does not comment . Some Japanese prime ministers have personally apologized in the past , but the NGO director believes that it 's not nearly enough . "  Anyone can verbally apologize . But this is not an issue that can be resolved by saying sorry , " says Yoon Mee-Hyang . "  This is a crime that was institutionalized by a country , they forced women into sexual slavery over a long period of time . They need to adopt a resolution at the official level and we need to see legal reparations . " Yoon is planning to travel to Japan to meet with government officials . Tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a bilateral claims treaty signed in 1965 between the two countries . The South Korean government has stepped up diplomatic pressure recently , but only after a Korean court ruled in August that it was unconstitutional for the government not to help . Attempts by President Lee Myung-bak to discuss the issue with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda have so far yielded no results . The issue of comfort women continues to haunt relations between the two countries . But for the few comfort women still alive -- only 63 are now registered in South Korea -- it 's an urgent issue that they ca n't afford to wait for .	About 200,000 "  comfort women " were believed to have been forced into sexual slavery One NGO has staged weekly protests outside Japanese embassy in Seoul for 20 years Tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a treaty signed in 1965
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Two hundred thousand boats sat idle in Japan , as fishermen across the nation took to the streets on Tuesday to protest skyrocketing fuel prices . Fishermen rallied in Tokyo on Tuesday against skyrocketing fuel prices . The strike -- the first ever by the country 's fishermen -- hopes to convince the government that without its intervention , rising fuel costs will kill the fishermen 's businesses . Across Japan 's fishing ports , fishermen simultaneously blew their whistles in a symbol of solidarity , and operations ground to a halt . Thousands of others rallied in downtown Tokyo , marching in circles around the fisheries ministry and chanting , "  We 're dying , " through bullhorns . The protesting fishing unions say fuel once accounted for 10 percent of a business ' operating cost . It now accounts for 30 to 50 percent . Watch the unions protest in the streets " They want the government to provide subsidies to make up for the price hike . The demonstration was the latest in a wave of protests around the world over fuel prices . Masatoshi Wakabayashi , the minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries , told reporters Tuesday morning that he "  understands the frustration of the fishermen . " He urged reforms within the fishing industry to decrease its reliance on oil , adding it would be "  difficult to compensate them for the hike in the price of oil . " The deep-sea tuna fishermen 's association told CNN it might suspend operations for two to three months later this year , due to fuel price hike . Marine life has long been a staple food source in Japan . Last week , nearly 400 taxis brought traffic to a halt in Berlin , Germany , as drivers drove through the city in a protest over high fuel prices . Truckers in Vienna , Austria , also staged a protest last week . And earlier this month , hundreds of British truckers drove past Parliament to voice their anger about the high cost of fuel . India , France , Spain and South Korea have had similar protests .	Thousands in Tokyo marched in circles around the fisheries ministry Fishing unions want the government to provide subsidies to make up for price hike Minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries says he "  understands the frustration " Demonstration is the latest against fuel prices around the world
Scores of police officers have been killed during attacks in Nasarawa state in central Nigeria , the Nigerian Police High Command said Thursday . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it In apparently unrelated incidents on Tuesday , two Nigerian soldiers were killed farther northeast , in the city of Bama in Borno state , during coordinated attacks on multiple targets by more than 100 Boko Haram militants armed with machine guns , rocket-propelled grenades and anti-aircraft weapons mounted on vehicles , said Joint Task Force spokesman Lt. Col. Sagir Musa . On Wednesday , President Goodluck Jonathan said that dozens of people had been killed in Tuesday 's attack , according to a statement from his adviser , Reuben Abati . At least 13 suspected militants were also killed during the attacks , police said . Musa said Boko Haram launched the attacks early Tuesday on a military barracks , a police division station , a magistrate courthouse and a health center . The militants also attacked a prison , freeing scores of inmates . Abati , speaking Wednesday , said , "  President Jonathan believes that the continuation of such callous and wanton attacks on innocent Nigerians , government facilities and security formations flies in the face of ongoing efforts to establish a workable framework for dialogue and the peaceful resolution of security challenges in northern Nigeria . " He added that the government 's consideration of dialogue with the militants "  should not be seen as a weakening of its resolve and determination to use all the forces at its disposal to crush all brazen affronts to the powers and sovereignty of the Nigerian nation . " Boko Haram , whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege , " has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria , according to Human Rights Watch .	There is no immediate claim of responsibility for the deaths in central Nigeria Officials say two soldiers died in attacks Tuesday ; President Jonathan says dozens died More than 100 Boko Haram militants took part in the Tuesday attacks , police said
CNN  -- When it comes to versatility , New Orleans musician Aaron Neville knows the ropes . He 's tackled pop , soul , gospel and R&B over his five-decade long career . Now , he 's venturing into the genre of one of his biggest inspirations : doo-wop . His new album , titled "  My True Story , " features 12 songs , which are all doo-wop covers . He handpicked all of the covers -- from "  Under the Boardwalk " by the Drifters to "  Ting a Ling " by the Clovers . Because he loves doo-wop so much , he said there may even more songs to come : "  We had 12 songs and we ended up doing 23 . So there will probably be a part two and a part three , " Neville told CNN . Neville said the inspiration for the album comes from childhood memories of his hometown and his family . His older brother Art introduced him to doo-wop . "  He was a singer , " Neville said . "  He had this doo-wop group ... and I got to play with them and go up and down Louisiana and Mississippi . " Neville and his brothers Art , Charles and Cyril would later form The Neville Brothers and churn out more than a dozen albums on various labels . Over the years , they 've all been involved in their own musical projects , but still perform together at various festivals . Many fans have dubbed them New Orleans ' "  first family of funk " . Neville said the Crescent City will always be home . "  I just did a gig at the House of Blues  in New Orleans  and it was so noisy , " Neville said . "  It 's the best feeling in the world to hear that . " He provided a lot of comfort to fans from New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina . He met displaced New Orleanians all over the country as he toured , and many of them were grateful to be reminded of home . "  It felt good that we would give , that we could make somebody feel good , because I know I was feeling -- and I 'm sure they were feeling the same way -- your whole everything just was gone . " Even though Neville often returns to his hometown to perform , he has not returned to his home in East New Orleans since Katrina . Much of that area was decimated by the storm and flood waters . He and his family evacuated to Memphis , and the singer eventually made his way to New York , which has become his new home . New York is also where he recorded "  My True Story , " which was a project that included several musical heavyweights . The album was produced by EMI Music 's President Don Was and Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones . Richards and Neville first met back in 1981 while on tour . "  We 've been running across each other for years . We have much respect for each other , " Neville said . "  I think Keith is one of the most down-to-Earth guys in the world . " And Neville still has some other artists he 'd like to work with , he said . "  I 'd like to work with Steve Wonder , Smokey  Robinson  , Natalie Cole . And I heard Beyonce -- she was imitating me on ` Do n't Know Much ' and I think she can sing . " Besides collaborations , Neville may be diving into yet another genre soon . "  I 've never really done a blues album , and I can sing blues , " he said . That 's the good thing about my band . We can do every genre of music . " "  My True Story " is set to be released on January 22 .	Aaron Neville will release a doo-wop cover album Keith Richards and EMI music president Don Was produced the album Neville would like to work with Stevie Wonder , Smokey Robinson in the future
