Los Angeles  CNN  -- Customs agents in Los Angeles seized 20,457 pairs of fake Christian Louboutin shoes shipped from China , U.S. officials said Thursday . The counterfeit lacquered "  red sole " shoes , an icon in women 's fashion , could have brought $ 18 million if they had reached the online and underworld market , according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials . "  CBP maintains an aggressive and proactive posture on intercepting shipments containing counterfeit and pirated items , " CBP Director of Field Operations in Los Angeles Todd C. Owen said . Five shipments were seized at the Los Angeles/Long Beach seaport on July 27 and August 14 , the CPB release said . "  Often available on illegitimate websites and underground outlets , counterfeit high fashion commodities multiply the illegal profits of smugglers and traffickers , " the agency said . "  The public is misguided into believing they are buying an original product at a significant discount . " Christian Louboutin reveals science behind perfect high heel Beyonce dons red for first post-baby event	Counterfeit Christian Louboutin shoes could have brought $ 18 million Fake "  red sole " shoes often sold on illegitimate websites , customs officials say
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- My partner and I recently took our mothers to Las Vegas for a week for Mother 's Day . It 's not our favorite city , but for a pair of 60-somethings who can sit at the penny slot machines for hours , it was heaven . When they were not being robbed by one-armed bandits , we saw a couple of shows and had some amazing dinners . We also enjoyed trying to figure out which women were hookers and which were just dressed like one . And of course saying "  public drunkenness " is pretty redundant after 11 a.m. . But that 's why we go to Vegas , right ? Life on the Strip . What happens here stays here ... and all that good stuff . By the end of our trip , the four of us had seen just about everything you would expect to see in a place nicknamed Sin City -- except for faith-based protesters . Funny , a week of walking up and down the main artery of the self-proclaimed heart of moral debauchery , and nary a Bible verse could be heard . In the many times I 've been to Las Vegas over the years , I 've never seen a religious protest . And yet let a midsize city try to add sexual orientation to its municipal nondiscrimination policy or a high school senior bring a same-gender date to prom , and you would think it was the apocalypse . The Bible does n't state that one sin is greater than another , but you would n't know that by counting the number of comments that quote Scripture on news stories about the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered community . Compare them with how many address murder , or the environment , or the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and well , the word "  hypocrite " comes to mind . I am never ashamed to say I follow the teachings of Christ , but I am not always proud to say I am a Christian . That 's because I am bothered by the continual mutilation of my religion 's basic principle of love by the extremists in my religion who construct a hierarchy of sin -- which does not exist in the Bible -- for no other reason than to protect their own prejudices . We 've seen this throughout this country 's history , and perhaps with the exception of abortion , no current issue illustrates this transgression more so than gay rights . Some conservatives might attend church only twice a year , but ask their opinion about gays in the military . They can find Leviticus 18:22 blindfolded , handcuffed and sinking underwater : "  Thou shalt not lie with mankind , as with womankind ; it is an abomination . " Rarely do you hear them mention the other "  sexual sins " in Leviticus , such as making love to your wife while she 's menstruating . There are some people who say Jesus freed us from the old laws with one side of their mouths while using old laws to condemn GLBT people with the other . Many turn to the destruction of Sodom as proof against homosexuality . But the King James version lists fornication , greed and lying as sins committed in Sodom as well , and never specifies which particular sin caused God 's wrath . In fact , the word "  Sodomite , " which some like to toss around as an anti-gay insult , is a mistranslation and is not used in the original Hebrew text . The actual word is "  kadesh , " and it does not refer to the city , its inhabitants or a specific sexual act . It refers to the occult male prostitutes in the shrines , just as "  kedesha " refers to the female equivalent . Neither word reflects sexual orientation . It may be convenient to say Sodom was all about homosexual people , but historically and scripturally , that is n't accurate . This is why I , like so many other Christians , do not follow a literal interpretation of the Bible . I 'm not ducking Leviticus , I 'd just rather go directly to the source . Concepts get lost in translation , and we all know history is filled with influential people and institutions that have defined religion for the masses based upon their own selfish needs . For example , King Henry VIII , the man who authorized the first English translation of the Bible , was married six times and essentially had the British Empire separate from the Roman Catholic Church so he could divorce in peace . Then there 's King James , whose own writings suggest he was secretly gay or bisexual , according to historians such as Michael B. Young and Caroline Bingham . He was directed to marry for the sake of the throne before authorizing the version of the Bible that swapped "  kadesh " for "  Sodomite " in the first place . Hmm , where have we heard that story -- closeted gay politician with an anti-gay policy -- before ? But theology and history aside , it is clear from the lack of consistent reaction to and organization against the litany of other present-day sins that a large number of people who call themselves Christians do not follow the literal interpretation of the Bible either . So , if some of us are picking and choosing which Bible verses to follow , why are so many opting to pick and choose verses that appear to condemn homosexuality and not the one against marrying a woman who is n't a virgin ? If sin is sin , why such Christian angst directed at the GLBT community and not the greedy corporate community , which , quite frankly , has more direct impact on the average person 's life ? The answer is simple : Those who are uncomfortable or fearful of someone who is different from them sometimes hide behind religion to gain power , nurture their ignorance and justify their prejudices . It 's no different from Christian slave owners using Scriptures to feel better about enslaving Africans , or men pointing to Jezebel as a way to keep women out of the clergy , or Bob Jones University picking verses that supported the school 's ban on interracial dating . The extremists are n't fighting gay rights because of sin and honoring Leviticus 18:22 . If they were , then where are the faith-based organizations spending millions trying to make adultery a crime punishable by death , as suggested in Leviticus 20:10 ? Is 18:22 more true than 20:10 , or does it just support a more common and entrenched prejudice ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : The Bible does n't state one sin is greater than another ; sin is sin . Conservatives do n't use Scripture to condemn murder , he says , but often do against gays Granderson : Some rarely attend church , but they can find Leviticus 18:22 blindfolded Scripture says marrying a woman who is n't a virgin is sin , he writes , so why no outrage ?
Washington  CNN  -- A CIA team of forensics specialists has been granted permission by the Pakistani government to visit the compound where Osama bin Laden was killed , to search for possibly hidden or buried documents , a U.S. official confirms to CNN . The team will "  gather up any additional information that can be found , " the official said . During the raid earlier this month , the Navy SEAL team was able to gather a substantial amount of intelligence documents and computer media during its 40-minute assault on the compound in Abbottabad . But the CIA has wanted to return to see if other material could be found . Former Pakistan leader : U.S. showed "  arrogance " The team of agents also wants to have a close look at the compound to see what else it can learn about Bin Laden 's stay there , the official said . The agreement was reached several days ago by CIA Deputy Director Michael Morell and the Pakistani government . The official declined to say when the visit will happen and if more than one trip is planned .	An official declined to say when the visit will happen The CIA has wanted to return to the compound where bin Laden was killed Official : The team will "  gather up any additional information that can be found "
Yasser Arafat is gone . Yet 10 years after his death , he 's survived by the internal frustration and outward animosity that 's long defined relations among and between Israelis and Palestinians . So , too , has the violence that 's marred the region for decades . Recent incidents have stirred fears in Israel of a return to 2002 , then in the midst of a second intifada , or armed uprising , when the Israeli government reported 452 people died in suicide bombings and other attacks . On one day alone last week , an Israeli soldier was stabbed to death on a Tel Aviv street while three Israelis were stabbed -- one fatally -- at the same West Bank hitchhiking post where three Israeli teens were kidnapped earlier this year . This followed several incidents in which drivers ran their vehicles into crowds on busy streets . Then came Tuesday , when two knife - and ax-wielding Palestinian cousins killed four Israelis worshiping inside a Jerusalem synagogue . ` Terror attack ' at Jerusalem synagogue So does this all mean a third intifada is coming , if it 's not already here ? No -- or , at least , not yet , according to experts . Much has changed , they point out , since Arafat 's death . It 's harder than ever to get from the West Bank into Israel , especially with explosives and such . There has been no call to arms by the Palestinian leadership in the West Bank ; instead , analysts say , there has been significant cooperation with Israeli authorities to ferret out potential attackers . And there have n't been anything close yet to the coordinated , large-scale attacks in Israel like those of the early 2000s . As retired former Israeli National Security Adviser Maj. Gen. Yaakov Amidror pointed out last week , what 's happening now "  falls far from " the first two intifadas , as far as the overall threat to Israel . But one thing that has n't changed is the deep frustration among Palestinians . Now , as was the case over a decade ago , many still harbor steep distrust of Israeli authorities and diminishing hopes for a political breakthrough . "  The nature of these movements is that a spark could ignite the tinder , " said Jon B. Alterman , the head of the Center for Strategic and International Studies ' Middle East program . " ... And once it starts moving , you have no idea where it 's going to go . " Israeli troop kill Palestinian man in West Bank clashes Voids in Palestinian hope , leadership Arafat is still considered a hero among many Palestinians , as the scenes around the West Bank commemorating his death November 11 showed . This was a man , according to his supporters , who stood up to Israel . This was a man who rallied Palestinians to fight . This was a man who got leaders around the world to buy into the idea of an independent Palestinian state . Fatah cancels Arafat memorials after bombings , blames Hamas Not only is there no more Arafat , but the idea of a unified Palestinian front is a thing of the past as well . Arafat 's former group , Fatah , now controls the West Bank under Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , while rival Hamas is in charge of Gaza . "  You have an unprecedented division , " said the Brookings Institution 's Khaled Elgindy , contrasting that to what he views as Israeli leadership that 's become more conservative and less willing to compromise . "  It 's a much weaker leadership than we 've ever seen . " The lack of a unifying figure , like Arafat , has led to a "  complete alienation of the people from leadership , " said Ingrid Jaradat Gassner of the Civic Coalition for Palestinian Rights in Jerusalem . Not only do n't they have a person to rally around , there 's no clear sense of a workable exit strategy that will end the cycle that makes life difficult for many Palestinians . "  People really have no expectation , no hope , no perspective in terms of there being any chance that comes through a political initiative , " Gassner told CNN from her home in Bethlehem . "  So what we have is an outburst of frustration . " What there is not , however , is any clear organization in the recent efforts to lash out against Israelis -- which was unlike , many say , what happened during the second intifada . In some ways , that may be more frightening -- because instead of dealing with a known threat or plot you can unravel , only the attacker may know what will happen next . "  This is a huge problem because there is no intelligence , " Amidror told reporters on a call coordinated by the Israel Project . "  Someone is getting up in the morning or going out of the mosque at noon and saying , ` Today , I 'll kill some Israelis . ' "  There is no organization behind it , " the former Israeli national security adviser said , noting that all someone has to do is take a knife from their kitchen and attack . " ... I do n't see any measures that can be taken to stop an individual  like that  . " 2 killed , 2 wounded in stabbing attacks on Israelis Israeli policies have an impact What 's happening and what 's not happening , if you 're talking about major attacks , is a testament to Israel 's policies as well . A lot has changed since what Israelis called the "  Passover massacre , " when a man walked into a seaside hotel in 2002 and blew himself up , killing 30 civilians . For one , a wall -- or a fence , depending on where you are along the border -- has been erected between the West Bank and Israel , making it harder for anyone intent on attacking to cross over with explosives or weapons . Also , Israel has a renowned intelligence apparatus that 's had years of practice in rooting out potential attackers . This is on top of other policies , like stringent measures restricting citizens ' ownership of firearms . And even as it pushes for independence , the Palestinian Authority has quietly become a working security partner with Israeli authorities . Behind the scenes , the two sides have coordinated efforts to preemptively go after those who might carry out attacks , not to mention common foes from Hamas . "  The two have worked together , and it has prevented many terror attacks inside Israel , " said the Israel Project 's David Harris , predicting both sides will continue to coordinate even if they are publicly at odds . "  And it has also brought much more calm . " Yet as clashes in the West Bank last week showed , it sometimes does n't take much for things to turn violent and get out of hand . And Palestinians do n't live only there and in Gaza . Many live in Israel , including some 300,000 in East Jerusalem , where there has been recent unrest centered around what Jews know as the Temple Mount and Muslims call the Noble Sanctuary . "  The fear for Israel is that the new terrorists  will be  on this side of the fence , " said Harris . Violence , bad feelings never went away Even then , discontent among so-called Arab Israelis is not a new thing either . In fact , experts say -- from a security situation -- Israel appears safer from prospective terrorist attacks than it was 10 to 15 years ago . The measures it 's instituted in that time have made it harder for armed attackers to get across its borders and inflict mass violence . But according to Gassner , Palestinians ' frustrations "  have become worse and worse over time for a lot of reasons . " She says that many feel that Israelis -- whether through increased settlement activity or clamping down on borders and what she calls collective punishment following attacks -- are putting up obstacle after obstacle in their quest for "  normal lives . " "  People want to take care of their families , get their kids to school , have enough income to live off of , " she said . "  And then the pressure just builds up . That 's why we have these repeated eruptions of anger and frustration . " Elgindy , from Brookings , said more forceful responses by Israel to attacks can backfire , reasoning , "  When you respond to violence with more repression , you 're going to get more violence . " The "  primitive assault tactics " now being used against Israelis -- knives and cars , rather than rockets and bombs -- could help further the Palestinians ' storyline , especially if Israeli security forces respond "  with a heavy hand " as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office promised after Tuesday 's synagogue attack , expert Assaf Moghadam said . "  Such tactics  help portray the perpetrators ... as people of desperation ; they can claim ` we do n't have better means of disposal , ' " said Moghadam , from the Israeli-based International Institute for Counter-Terrorism . "  It 's an asymmetric battle militarily of a weaker party against a stronger party . " It 's the lack of an end game -- a result that will bring peace , security and happiness to both Israelis and Palestinians -- that has some especially worried . If there 's no political end in sight , what 's to prevent those frustrations from continuing to build ? "  It 's probably not going to get a lot worse , and it 's almost certainly not going to get a lot better , " said David Pollock , the director of the Washington Institute 's Fikra Forum . "  The best you can say , on both sides , is , ` Well , at least we 're not like Syria and Iraq . "	Stabbings , assailants driving into crowds have unnerved some in Israel Yet experts note that the level of violence does n't compare to a decade ago Israel has taken several measures to bolster its security since then Some warn that a lack of hope among Palestinians could spur unrest
CNN  -- All that texting and social networking by teenagers could come back to byte them . A new study by the Case Western Reserve School of Medicine links poor health behaviors -- including smoking , drinking and sexual activity -- to hypertexting and hypernetworking . The study defines hypertexting as sending more than 120 messages per school day . Hypernetworking is spending more than three hours per school day on social network sites like Facebook , it said . "  The startling results of this study suggest that when left unchecked texting and other widely popular methods of staying connected can have dangerous health effects on teenagers , " said Scott Frank , lead researcher on the study . "  This should be a wake-up call for parents to not only help their children stay safe by not texting and driving , but by discouraging excessive use of the cell phone or social websites in general . " Teenagers are "  spending really an excessive amount of time online , " he added later during a CNN interview . By doing so , they are contributing to "  high-tech peer pressure . " Hypertexting was reported by nearly 20 percent of the Midwestern teens surveyed , according to the study . According to the study , teens who are hypertexters are : -- two times more likely to have tried alcohol -- nearly 3.5 times more likely to have had sex -- 40 percent more likely to have tried cigarettes -- 41 percent more likely to have used illicit drugs -- 43 percent more likely to be binge drinkers -- 55 percent more likely to have been in a physical fight -- 90 percent more likely to report four or more sexual partners Hypernetworking was less pervasive , at 11.5 percent , but still associated with a similar list of maladies , the study found . According to the research , these teens are : -- 60 percent more likely to report four or more sexual partners -- 62 percent more likely to have tried cigarettes -- 69 percent more likely to be binge drinkers -- 69 percent more likely to have had sex -- 79 percent more likely to have tried alcohol -- 84 percent more likely to have used illicit drugs -- 94 percent more likely to have been in a physical fight Frank noted that minorities , children of parents with less education , and teenagers from homes without a father are more likely to engage in hypertexting and hypernetworking . He also cautioned , however , that the study "  does not demonstrate cause and effect . " "  We are not saying texting causes these behaviors , " he stressed . "  We can recognize that these kinds of connections ... may be facilitating or enabling these kinds of behaviors , but we certainly ca n't think of  the online connections  as causing them . " Nevertheless , researchers say the results of the study are so striking that they are giving rise to a new health risk category for the age group . The study is not the first time texting and social networking have come under fire . The activities have been blamed for accidents and promoting bad grammar skills . In January , federal safety regulators proposed a set of guidelines for states to create laws that would ban text messaging while driving . Under the proposed guidelines , drivers caught typing on a handheld device while behind the wheel would face a minimum fine of $ 75 and unspecified action against their driving privileges . In cases resulting in serious injury or death , a driving while texting offense could be considered a felony . A ban on texting behind the wheel has already been enacted in 19 states and the District of Columbia . Seven states have banned the use of all handheld devices while driving . And educators have long decried electronic forms of communication for gutting written language skills in students , starting with e-mails , expanding to instant messaging and continuing with text messaging and social networking . But it should be noted that teachers also complained about poor grammar before the internet came to be . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Study 's top researcher cautions there is no proof of cause and effect More than 120 messages a day qualifies as hypertexting More than three hours a day on Facebook would be considered hypernetworking
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Fighting raged in Afghanistan over the weekend , with a suicide bombing slaying six people , a NATO-led soldier and an Afghan police officer dying in an "  altercation , " and troops killing several insurgents in battles , authorities said . Fighting between the Taliban and NATO forces continues to rage in Afghanistan . The suicide bombing on Sunday killed six people in a bazaar in Spin Boldak , located in Kandahar province , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  said on Monday . Along with the deaths , at least 17 people were wounded , and ISAF condemned the assault . Four of those killed were Afghan border police officers , ISAF said . The location is in southern Afghanistan . The ISAF soldier and an Afghan police officer were killed after seven people were apprehended in connection with a roadside bombing in Paktia province on Sunday that targeted an Afghan National Police and ISAF patrol . The location is in eastern Afghanistan . "  The detained civilians were then transferred to the ANP station at the Jaji District Center . While at the district center , there was an altercation during which an ANP officer and one ISAF soldier were killed , " ISAF said in a Monday news release . The U.S.-led coalition on Monday reported fighting between U.S. and Afghan troops and insurgents over the last two days -- Sunday in Kandahar province and Saturday in Helmand province . "  Several insurgents " were reported killed in both incidents . Two insurgents died in fighting on Friday in another southern region -- Zabul province , the coalition said on Monday .	Militants kill eight people and injure at least 17 in latest attacks Insurgents killed a coalition soldier in eastern Afghanistan Soldier 's name and nationality held until family members could be notified
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani court has suspended the death sentence of Mumtaz Qadri , a security guard who killed a liberal politician over the latter 's remarks on the nation 's controversial blasphemy law . "  Qadri was provoked by the governor and should therefore be tried for murder , not an act of terror which is what he was tried for earlier " said his attorney Raja Shuja Ur Rehman in confirming the judge 's decision . Earlier this month , a terror court in the garrison city of Rawalpindi , near Pakistan 's capital , sentenced Qadri to death . The Islamabad High Court suspended the sentence Tuesday until the appeals process is complete . The court did not say when it will meet again to consider the case . Police said Qadri , a policeman serving as a security guard for Punjab Gov. Salman Taseer , fatally shot him in a market in Islamabad on January 4 because of Taseer 's remarks on Pakistan 's controversial blasphemy law . Police said Qadri confessed to gunning down the man he was supposed to be protecting . Qadri 's lawyer appealed the sentence imposed by the Anti-Terrorist Court , saying the court did not have the jurisdiction to make the death penalty decision . Taseer , a successful businessman as well as politician , had said Pakistan 's controversial blasphemy law is too harsh . The law makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam , the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed . The legislation has been criticized by some as being used to entrap minorities	A terror court sentenced Qadri to death for Taseer 's death The Islamabad High Court suspends the sentence Qadri was part of Governor Taseer 's security detail when he shot him His attorney says Qadri 's death sentence is illegal
CNN  -- Former New Jersey Nets star Jayson Williams was sentenced to five years in prison Tuesday for the fatal shooting of his limo driver in 2002 . Williams tearfully apologized to the family of Costas "  Gus " Christofi during his sentencing hearing Tuesday morning . "  There 's not a day I wake up and I do n't feel sorry for what I did to Mr. Christofi , " Williams said . He pleaded guilty last month to aggravated assault in the 2002 shooting death of Christofi , a limo driver he had hired . Under the plea deal , Williams could have been sentenced to anywhere from 18 months without the possibility of parole to five years in prison . Williams , who turned 42 on Monday , appeared before Somerset County Superior Court Judge Edward Coleman . After sentencing , he will be taken to the Central Reception and Assignment Facility in Trenton , New Jersey , said Corrections Department spokeswoman Deirdre Fedkenheuer . There , over the course of several weeks , he will be photographed , DNA samples will be taken , and he will be given medical , dental , psychological and educational evaluations , she said . Only afterward will a decision be made about where to send him , she said . Williams waived his right to appeal . In return , the state changed the indictment from a charge of reckless manslaughter to a charge of aggravated assault by recklessly causing bodily injury to another with a deadly weapon . Prosecutors said in January they would recommend Williams be sentenced to five years in prison on four charges of attempting to cover up the fatal shooting . A jury convicted him of those charges in 2004 . Though he was acquitted of more serious counts -- tampering with a witness , tampering with evidence , fabricating evidence and hindering apprehension or prosecution -- the jury was unable to reach a decision on the second count of reckless manslaughter . Coleman declared a mistrial on that count , and the state had decided to move forward with a retrial on that charge when the plea deal was struck . Williams will serve his sentence concurrently with the 18-month sentence for aggravated assault . Last year , the state attorney general took the case from the Hunterdon County , New Jersey , prosecutor . A spokesman for the attorney general cited a gag order in declining to discuss the case . Williams has been free on $ 250,000 bail with the condition that he not consume alcohol and that he check in daily with probation officers . The condition that he refrain from alcohol was imposed soon after Williams was charged with drunken driving in early January after crashing his SUV in Manhattan . A New York judge ordered him to wear an electronic bracelet that monitors perspiration to detect whether alcohol has been consumed . The fatal shooting occurred February 14 , 2002 , in the bedroom of Williams ' New Jersey estate . The 55-year-old driver had been hired to drive the former athlete and several of his friends to dinner following a sporting event in Pennsylvania . Afterward , the group , including four members of the Harlem Globetrotters , went back to Williams ' home . The prosecution contended that Williams was recklessly handling a 12-gauge shotgun when it discharged and that he and two others tried to make it look as if Christofi had shot himself . In January 2003 , Williams paid Christofi 's family $ 2.75 million to settle a wrongful death lawsuit . Williams , who retired in 1999 because of a leg injury , played nine seasons with the Philadelphia 76ers and New Jersey Nets .	Judge gives Williams maximum for aggravated assault in shooting death Ex-Net accidentally shot limo driver in 2002 , was accused of cover-up attempt Former player offers tearful apology to victim 's family Williams also faces a drunken driving charge from car accident last month
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Where are the lost boys of Mexico ? That 's what many people , in that country and around the world , want to know . The answer could say much about the new narrative that has been pushed about the country . This week , Jesus Murillo Karam , Mexico 's attorney general , issued arrest warrants for three people in connection with a shocking case that has captured the attention of the entire country : the disappearance of 43 students , who went missing after being confronted by police . More than four dozen people have been arrested , including police officers , local officials and members of a drug gang . For residents of the small town of Iguala , which lies 120 miles southwest of Mexico City , the nightmare began on September 26 -- just 10 days after the festivities celebrating Mexico 's Independence Day . That 's when a group of young men , between the ages of 18 and 25 , who were studying at a nearby teachers college , traveled to Iguala to protest what they claimed were the school 's discriminatory hiring practices . Mexican prosecutors believe a small-town mayor named Jose Luis Abarca and his wife , Maria de los Angeles Pineda Villa , might know the students ' whereabouts . Unfortunately , we ca n't find out for sure because the couple is on the run . Also missing is the town 's former police chief , Felipe Flores Velásquez . All three are fugitives . The investigation of the case has prompted speculation that Abarca was so worried that the students might disrupt his wife 's speech that he ordered Flores to have police officers confront the students and stop the protest .  According to Murillo Karam , another protest had previously upset Abarca  . Police reportedly opened fire on the vehicles in which the students were traveling . Six people were killed , and the 43 students went missing . Eyewitnesses told prosecutors they saw the young men being crammed into police cars . But it gets worse . According to the attorney general , the police quickly turned the students over to Guerreros Unidos , a local drug trafficking gang . The prosecutor claimed that Abarca and his wife keep bad company . Pineda 's brothers are suspected drug traffickers . And , according to the attorney general , the first lady of Iguala has been called "  the main operator of criminal activities " in the town . The leader of Guerreros Unidos told officials that , once police turned over the students , he ordered his henchmen to make them disappear . The attorney general said the young men were loaded onto a pickup truck and driven to a remote location populated by mass graves . And that 's where the story ends -- for now . Since this is Mexico we 're talking about , where people do n't trust their government and always assume there is a backstory , some people wo n't accept the official version of events . In fact , these days , young people in Mexico hold hearings in a new court of public opinion : Twitter and Facebook . And , on social media , the current debate is whether this mass abduction was , as the attorney general says , a case of criminal misconduct by a rogue local official or something more nefarious . Was the federal government involved ? Or was it at least aware that this was happening ? This being Mexico , one has to ask . After all , this is the land of the desaparecidos . In the 1970s , there were at least 2,000 documented cases of people who simply disappeared after challenging government officials . Those people were never found , and the cases never solved . Even if this is an isolated incident -- and that 's a big "  if " given how closely intertwined drug gangs are with Mexican officials -- the blame is n't limited to the individuals who have been arrested or are being sought . It extends to the Mexican people , many of whom long ago made a devil 's bargain with the drug traffickers who are threatening to tear the country apart . They built altars to La Santa Muerte , the patron "  saint " of drug lords , wrote corridos  folkloric ballads  praising the exploits of traffickers , and accepted the fruits of an illicit trade . The reality is that the modern Mexican drug dealer is n't living in a camp in the mountains . He 's a Spanish-speaking version of Tony Soprano . He lives in the suburbs , drives a Cadillac , and spends weekends attending his kids ' soccer games -- which are played on a field that he built . It 's no wonder that , when former Mexican President Felipe Calderon waged war against the cartels , he was ridiculed and criticized by many Mexicans for stirring the hornet 's nest . South of the border , drug traffickers are familia . It will be interesting to see if any of that changes in light of the disappearance of the students . For Mexicans , their most treasured institution is still the family . Those who threaten it do so at their peril . Already , the case has claimed a political casualty . On Friday , Angel Aguirre , the governor of Guerrero , appeared to yield to public pressure over the disappearances , requesting a leave of absence . By the way , much of this is not meant for the public consumption of Americans . When you talk to Mexico 's elites on both sides of the border -- lawyers , politicians , businessmen -- what you hear again and again is that Mexico had a makeover . Desperate for U.S. investment dollars -- now more than ever , given Mexico 's recent and historic efforts to open up the country 's lucrative petroleum industry to foreign investment -- the elites aggressively push a narrative that Mexico is safe , democratic and open for business . Now , due to events in a small Mexican town , that narrative is being challenged by reality . Unfortunately , the new version of Mexico bears a resemblance to the old one .	Search is still on in Mexico for 43 students who went missing last month Arrest warrants have been issued for town 's mayor and his wife Mexicans do n't trust government and always assume there is a backstory , says Ruben Navarrette Incident flies in face of efforts to improve Mexico 's image , Navarrette says
CNN  -- More than 200 people were reported killed in Syria , hours before the U.N. Security Council was scheduled to meet and likely vote on a draft resolution intended to pressure the government there to end its months-long crackdown on demonstrators , diplomats said . The meeting was scheduled to start at 10 a.m. ET Saturday . It was not clear which way Russia , a veto-wielding permanent member of the Security Council , would vote . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said early Saturday that 217 people , including women and children , had been killed in Homs in what the group characterized as a "  massacre . " "  The U.N. is n't doing anything about it . The Arab League is n't doing anything about it ... While they 're having their little discussion , people are sitting here and they 're dying , " said an activist CNN is identifying as Danny . "  These are n't animals here . These are human beings , " he said . "  This is n't a game ... This is actually going on . " Of those killed in Homs , 138 were in the neighborhood of Khaldiya where "  shelling continues , " according to the opposition group . "  A massacre happened in Homs today , " said Abu Abdo Alhomsy , a resident . "  There are so many people on the streets that are wounded and they need help , but we ca n't reach them to help them . " He described "  continuous bombing " and reported the presence of snipers . "  They 're ready to kills us all . They have no problem with doing that . Please , we call  on  the international community for help , " Alhomsy told CNN . State-run Syrian TV denied reports that the army shelled neighborhoods in Homs . "  This is a media campaign that uses fabrication , falsehood and escalation ... in order to affect a decision at the Security Council and cover crimes and attacks committed by armed terrorist groups , " it said . Before the reports of shelling in Khaldiya , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists , said that at least 31 people were killed across the country on Friday , including three children and three defected soldiers . CNN can not independently confirm opposition or government reports from Syria because access to the country is limited . Meanwhile , a rights group said in a report Friday that Syrian army and security officers detained and tortured children with impunity during the past year . Human Rights Watch urged the Security Council "  to demand that the Syrian government end all human rights violations . " Syria must also be made to cooperate with monitoring teams sent by the Arab League and the U.N. Human Rights Council , the global monitor said . "  Children have not been spared the horror of Syria 's crackdown . Syrian security forces have killed , arrested , and tortured children in their homes , their schools , or on the streets , " said Lois Whitman , children 's rights director at Human Rights Watch . The organization said it has documented at least 12 cases of children detained under inhumane conditions and tortured , as well as children shot while in their homes or on the street . A Security Council meeting on Syria ended Thursday evening without agreement on the text of the draft , according to U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice . The draft of the resolution discussed Thursday had dropped demands from an Arab League plan for Syria to form a unity government and for President Bashar al-Assad to delegate power to his deputy . "  We had what I would characterize as sometimes difficult but ultimately useful discussions , " Rice said . "  We 're still working . This is not done . " She said the Moroccans , who submitted the original draft , would come back with another version that could be voted on . "  In any case , there are some still complicated issues that our capitals will have to deliberate on and provide each of us with instructions on . " Before the talks , Arab League Secretary General Nabil Elaraby said that even a watered-down resolution would pressure the Syrian government . U.N. diplomats said the changes reflected a big concession to Russia , which has been reluctant to sign on to any plan that could be seen as a mandate for regime change in Damascus , as occurred in Libya after it signed a resolution calling for a no-fly zone . Russia , which has said it is concerned about the prospect of a Syrian civil war and does not want al-Assad pushed from power , has made clear that it will not accept an arms embargo or economic sanctions . A call for other nations to follow the Arab League members in adopting measures such as sanctions against Syria had also been dropped from the latest version of the draft resolution , which demands the Syrian government allow the delivery of humanitarian aid and guarantee the freedom of peaceful demonstrations . It also calls for an "  inclusive Syrian-led political process . " U.S. and European diplomats insisted that the revised text still fully endorsed the Arab League plan and that it did not need to spell out every detail to have the same meaning . "  It will still put pressure on the Syrian government , because they realize that Russia can not stand up forever . And they are under great pressure now . And , you know , Russia does not want to be against the people , " Elaraby said . In October , Russia and China issued a rare double-veto of a resolution that lacked sanctions but would have condemned the violence in Syria . At least 7,100 people , including 461 children , have died since the start of the Syrian uprising in March , according to the Local Coordination Committees . The United Nations estimated in December that more than 5,000 people have died since March . But the global body has not been able to update that figure because of the insecurity . CNN 's Richard Roth , Mick Krever , Elise Labott and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Syrian TV denies reports of shelling in Homs "  This is n't a game ... This is actually going on , " says an activist 217 people are killed , an opposition group says The Security Council meeting will likely include a vote on a draft resolution
CNN  -- The Olympic Games have grown dramatically since 1908 when they were first held in London . Then just a little more than 2,000 athletes -- nearly all of them men -- competed for 110 gold medals . But this summer , more than five times that many athletes , 10,500 , are expected to compete for 302 gold medals . All gold medals , however , are not alike . The ones that will be awarded over the next two weeks contain just 6 grams of gold . They 're mostly silver . A century ago , the gold medals were entirely gold . As the 2012 Games get under way , here are some other interesting facts and figures to consider : London Two -- The number of times London has hosted the Summer Olympics previously . They were in 1908 and 1948 . London was scheduled to host the 1944 Summer Olympics , but they were canceled due to World War II . 37 -- The number of women who competed in the 1908 London Games 4,862 -- The number of women expected to compete in 2012 , according to official Olympic data culled by The Guardian . 9 million -- The number of tickets sold for the 2012 Olympics . 80,000 -- The number of seats in London 's Olympic Stadium . $ 775 million -- Estimated cost of London 's 2012 Olympic Stadium  Â # 500 million  . It is built from only a 10th of the total steel used to build Beijing 's Bird 's Nest stadium in 2008 . Aiming for Gold : Full coverage of the 2012 Summer Olympics $ 15 billion -- Estimated amount of money spent by Great Britain to stage the entire Olympics . Medals 2,300 -- The number of medals that will be handed out during the London Olympics . 1.34 % -- The percentage of gold in an Olympic gold medal today . 1912 -- The last year that Olympic gold medals were 100 % gold . 0 -- The number of gold medals awarded at the first modern Olympics in 1896 . The winners actually received a silver medal instead . History 27,974 -- The number of Olympic medalists from 1896 to 2010 . This includes the Winter Olympics . 43 -- The number of events at the first modern Olympics in 1896 . Fourteen countries participated in the competition in Athens , Greece . 302 -- The number of events at the 2012 London Olympics in 26 different sports . Photos : Olympics get under way Four -- The number of countries that have competed in every Summer Olympics since 1896 . Those would be Greece , Australia , Great Britain and Switzerland . 18 -- The number of medals won by the most-decorated Olympic athlete , Russian gymnast Larysa Latynina . Latynina competed in the 1956 , 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics . Nine of her medals were gold , five were silver and four were bronze . 16 -- The number of Olympic medals won by the most-decorated American athlete , swimmer Michael Phelps . Phelps has won 14 gold medals , eight of which came in the 2008 Games . Interactive : The evolving Olympic athlete Three -- The number of summer sports in which the United States has never won an Olympic medal . They are badminton , table tennis and handball . 13 -- The age of Marjorie Gestring when she won a gold medal in diving in 1936 . The American is the youngest gold-medal winner in Olympic history . 62 -- The age of Sweden 's Oscar Swahn when he won a gold medal in shooting in 1912 . He is the oldest gold-medal winner in Olympic history .	The Summer Olympics have been held in London twice before , in 1908 and 1948 Much has changed over the years , including the composition of the gold medals American swimmer Michael Phelps is two medals away from the all-time Olympic record
As I stood in the sweltering heat outside the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta earlier this week , President Barack Obama whispered in my ear . Okay , he did n't exactly whisper , and his words were intended not just for me . In one of the most significant addresses of his presidency , Obama declared to the world that he would send 3,000 troops to Ebola-stricken West Africa . Obama 's speech was being piped into my earpiece , and I was about to go on CNN when I picked up my phone and emailed my friend Jake Tapper , the host of the show . "  World knows how to fight this disease , " I wrote in the subject line , quoting the words I had just heard Obama speak . In the body of the email , I wrote to Jake , "  Does it ? " And that 's why I took an airplane to Liberia . I want to answer my own question . The world knew how to fight Ebola outbreaks of the past , using a tried and true method I learned about in public health school : isolate sick people , trace their close contacts to see if they get sick , and if they do , isolate them and start the whole process over until the disease burns itself out . But does the world know how to stop this Ebola outbreak ? Not to compare a deadly outbreak to a shampoo commercial , so please forgive me , but I think it explains the point : If you 're over 40 , you might remember that old Faberge shampoo ad -- and they told two friends , and they told two friends , and so on and so on and so on , and the pictures of people replicate so by the end the screen is full of a multitude of little tiny faces who are using Faberge shampoo . That 's what Ebola has become . It has spread exponentially , not linearly . There have been nearly 5,000 cases and 2,500 deaths in this outbreak -- that 's more than all other outbreaks combined . What you need to know about Ebola The U.S. response to the current Ebola outbreak is surely impressive : 3,000 troops will build 17 hospitals . They 'll try to make sure medical supplies are getting in and out smoothly . A team of commissioned officers from the U.S. Public Health Service will staff a 25-bed hospital for healthcare workers who become ill . But even with these resources , do we know how to stop an outbreak that 's gotten so out of hand ? That 's unlike any other we 've ever seen ? That 's what I 'm trying to find out , and I 'll let you know what I learn . So what do you pack to cover an Ebola outbreak ? Thermometers -- because at CNN it 's safety first , and we have to take our temperature twice every day and report it back . Here 's what else you pack : tortillas , because they do n't get squished and they 're slow to grow mold , and peanut butter and jelly tortillas are very handy when you do n't have easy access to reliable food . Life inside the Ebola outbreak To prepare emotionally for this trip , I hugged everyone I knew at CNN  and a few I do n't know so well -- sorry  . I 'm a hugger , and I wanted to get my hugs out , because there are no hugs on what is in public health parlance a "  no-contact deployment . " As we boarded the plane from Brussels to Monrovia , I introduced a public health worker I 'd just met to my producer , John Bonifield . As she stretched her hand out to him she said , "  This is our last handshake for this trip . No handshakes . No hugs . No kisses . And certainly no European kisses ! " Who says public health folks do n't have a sense of humor ? I already knew about the no-contact policy because Sophie-Jane Madden with Doctors without Borders had told me about Pierre Trbovic , a colleague of hers who was in charge of turning away people with Ebola from the hospital because there 's no more beds . He was the gatekeeper , and it was his job to say no . As you might imagine , this assignment was traumatizing . When Trbovic had to turn away a woman with her baby and then watch the baby die in front of him , Madden could n't hug him . She had to console her friend from several feet away . As I start this trip , I pray and hope for the people of West Africa , who have had to suffer so horribly . And I wonder -- if the efforts put forth now had been made even just six months ago , maybe then we truly would have known how to fight this disease .	Ebola has spread exponentially , not linearly CNN team on the ground in Liberia to report on the outbreak They must take their temperature twice every day as a precaution Obama said earlier this week that the world knows how to fight this disease
CNN  -- Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey is very softly spoken . The tech titan , now chief executive of mobile payments company Square , is an observer who pays close attention to everything that goes on around him . The 36-year old prefers to listen rather than talk , which may seem ironic for someone who helped re-define how we communicate . But it might explain the brevity of Twitter , the social media phenomenon which distils communication to 140 characters . READ MORE : Dorsey 's plans to reinvent shopping Dorsey , who I meet in a Toronto coffee store , is a little uncomfortable around the media . This is perhaps not a shock given some negative press which has followed his success -- notably from journalist and author Nick Bilton , who painted an unflattering portrait of Dorsey during the early days of Twitter . But he is surprisingly engaging when he is talking to small business owners and Square customers . Dorsey has a real passion for building communities , and that 's the common thread between his current venture , Square , and Twitter . They are both about building communities . There are differences : Twitter was wide in scope , while Square is focused on building a community of small businesses . Dorsey , now a billionaire and one of the world 's most influential tech brains , grew up in St Louis , Missouri , with parents who were running small coffee and pizza businesses . He 's clearly a genuine believer in small companies and their importance to communities and wider economic growth . That 's why Dorsey is traveling around the U.S. and Canada , holding Town Hall meetings for small businesses under the banner #LetsTalk . Dorsey wants to talk to business owners about Square , but also connect these local companies to support and mentor each other . READ MORE : Twitter valued at more than $ 11 billion Square is the mobile commerce company he set up back in 2009 , with the @Square Twitter handle . It began with a credit card reader and has expanded to analytics  Square Register  and service where you can send cash over email  Square Cash  . The initial set up is easy and fees are low , which reflects Dorsey 's desire for technology to even the commercial playing field . He wants small businesses to have the same shot at success that big businesses have . Dorsey also thinks technology should make the back office administration  billing , inventory , promotions  easier so that the owner or seller can spend more time on the actual business -- in the front of the shop . Ultimately , he wants to revolutionize commerce . READ MORE : Why is Twitter spending so much on R&D ? And despite the presence of Paypal , Google and Intuit , Dorsey thinks there is still too much disruption for customers . He refers to a "  frictionless " experience for customers that releases business to do what it should be doing : Building the economy . Square is in U.S. , Canada and Japan already . But Dorsey , in his unassuming way , is pitching to take it around the globe .	Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey is promoting his new business , Square , across North America CNN 's Maggie Lake caught up with Dorsey in Toronto to hear his plans to upend commerce Dorsey said he wants to make commerce frictionless , allowing businesses time to expand His comments come as Twitter , which is valued at up to $ 11 billion , prepares to go public
CNN  -- I recently saw video of an interview I 'd done a couple years ago , when I was ginormously pregnant . Next to Annie Lennox , I was nine months along , with body parts bloated beyond recognition and heading in directions they normally do n't . My breasts were falling to the sides -- why had someone not told me to wear a more effective push-up bra ? -- my face was all puffy . I swear , I counted one , two -- no , three -- chins below my overly smoky eye shadow . And then there was the belly -- a massive dome of a thing , so immense that Lennox looked like a wee Scottish lass beside me . Jessica-Simpson-on-the-cover-of-Elle , no . Sexy , I was not . But then I remembered an odd event that occurred hours after that encounter with Lennox , long after the eye shadow was wiped off . I was in a grocery store checking out avocados when a man approached . He was probably in his early 40s , clean-shaven , dressed in a sharp gray suit . "  Congratulations ! " he said , beaming . "  How far along are you ? " "  Oh , I 'm due in three weeks , " I replied . "  You must be excited , " he said . I did n't tell him that excitement does n't really register when it takes a forklift and three bodybuilders to raise you out of bed in the morning . "  Is it your first ? " "  Mmm hmm . " Ordinarily an exchange like this would wrap up at that point , especially since I 'd found the perfect avocado and was ready to continue shopping . However , my curious new friend refused to budge . He had more questions . Boy or girl ? Feeling good ? I was n't sure whether to start lobbing bell peppers and radishes at the guy , or just accept the chatter as that kindness from strangers only pregnancy evokes . My instincts told me there was more to it and when pregnant , your instincts are pretty darn noisy . There was something behind his charming smile , his lingering and the urgent look in his eyes . This dude thought I was hot . But how could he ? I mean , I looked like an upright hippopotamus . Was he merely homing in on the obviousness of my fertility ? Did he have a thing for maternity jeans ? How is it possible that when your pregnant self feels your stretched-out worst , you 're able to attract random-dude-in-Tom-Ford in the fruit and veggie aisle ? But sex educator Logan Levkoff says during pregnancy , it 's possible for women to be at their absolute best , and for others to see that , too . "  There is something about being pregnant that gives you this sense of confidence being in your own skin , " she says . "  The idea of having to exercise until you 're blue in the face and be stick skinny and fit into the tiny little things , you kind of think ` This is not that time . ' And there is something about owning that and owning your body ... and people pick up on that . " Levkoff , who wrote the book "  How To Get Your Wife To Have Sex With You , " also points out that a voracious appetite for food when eating for two translates to an appetite for other things -- life in general and , of course , sex . It 's no secret that the surge of pregnancy hormones can get a knocked up gal very worked up . I 've heard husbands say that sex with their pregnant wives is the best they 'd ever had . But that 's within a committed relationship . I was taken aback when one of my single guy friends once told me having sex with a pregnant woman was high up on his bucket list . What , like climbing Everest and going fly-fishing naked ? What 's that about ? I decided to ask my friend Marco Contini . He 's a father of three , and Italian -- he tends to be very up-front about sexual matters . To my surprise , he admitted that he finds pregnant women attractive . And it all starts with "  the glow . " "  As banal as it may seem , it does have something to do with the light , " he says . "  Among other nonpregnant ladies , a pregnant woman does shine . Which , if you think about it , is technically absurd , since often enough the glow comes along with visible signs of fatigue and pimples . " And kankles . And stretch marks . And spatula-flinging outbursts of rage . "  Another more obvious aspect is the boobs , " Marco said . "  But that only applies to women one already knows well enough to notice the change . " Yeah , yeah . The boobs . Breasts get bigger during pregnancy , transforming even the smallest-chested woman into Sofia Vergara . But it was this next comment from Marco that really got me thinking : "  A pregnant woman always brings out an odd mix of physical attraction and desire to be protective . " Protective . Even when the woman is not carrying his child ? Could there be some kind of biological spell at work here ? Maybe , says neuropsychiatrist Dr. Louann Brizendine , author of "  The Female Brain " and "  The Male Brain . " Brizendine says pheromones given off by a pregnant woman are known to suppress the testosterone levels in her male partner and increase his production of the hormone prolactin . These changes might play a role in forming "  daddy brain , " a state that keeps the father rooted to the mother so he 'll help care for her and the baby after the birth . Perhaps , Brizendine suggests , there was something "  pheromonal " going on while I was in the grocery store that day .  She notes , though , there 's no evidence that pheromones could work so quickly on humans in such a situation . Let 's go back to the visuals for a minute , since after all , pregnancy is an astonishingly visual adventure . Brizendine says men are wired to scan for the telltale signs that a woman is fertile -- an hourglass figure , breasts and a flat abdomen signaling that she has n't been impregnated by someone else . Why then are some men sexually attracted to women with a distinctly un-flat abdomen ? "  When you 're very pregnant there is this undeniable evidence you have had sex with a man , " Brizendine says . "  And that can be titillating . It 's like wearing a billboard sign on your body : "  I ! Had ! Sex ! " What else a pregnant belly might advertise : I 'm ! Safe ! "  The male may feel maybe he can flirt with her in some way and have her not take it the wrong way , " Brizendine says . "  Or because she 's already pregnant -LSB- he does n't -RSB- have to worry about contraception . These things may not all be conscious in the male who 's leering at you but they may be percolating in the back of his brain somewhere , that you 're a safe target . " I know . Pregnant women reading this are cringing . It is a bit "  Ewwww . " Sex with your baby daddy , least of all a stranger , might be the last thing on your mind right now , especially if you 've been constipated for eight days and have an overactive bladder . So we ca n't forget , there 's also the fetish angle . An abundance of pregnancy porn online proves there 's a contingent of the population with a desire for pregnant women that goes beyond mere curiosity .  We should remind ourselves that fetishes exist for all kinds of things -- feet , ponytails , penguins ; you name it  . Brizendine says some of her patients do express an erotic interest in very pregnant females . A study published in The Journal of Sexual Medicine in 2011 suggests there 's a link between sexual attraction to pregnancy and exposure to pregnancy and lactation in early childhood . The study found that a preference for pregnant or breastfeeding women was more common in individuals who had younger siblings ; exposure to a pregnant mother between 18 months and 5 years might leave an imprint that manifests in adulthood . Fascinating , yes . But let 's cast aside studies and evolutionary biology and odd bucket lists for a second . We might really gain something useful from all this if we home in on Levkoff 's idea that a woman has the ability to eschew her usual hang-ups about her body during pregnancy . I remember that feeling . That let-it-all-hang-out easiness . In spite of the heft , I almost felt weightless when I was pregnant . We are so down on ourselves about our bodies so much of the time and pregnancy shields you from that nonsense  if you let it .  I ate peanut M&M s by the truckload , loved my shapeliness , celebrated the life growing within me by smiling more and stood straighter than ever before -- though it might 've been good posture that prevented me from toppling over . "  To be this kind of curvaceous superwoman  while pregnant  is something that we probably do n't tap into enough , " Levkoff says . "  And if we could find a way to balance some of those feelings , that confidence in our everyday life , I think we 'd all probably be a bit better off . " Toward the end of my interview with Annie Lennox in 2010 , she looked directly at my mountainous belly and said in her delightful Scottish brogue : "  I do n't think I 've ever been interviewed by anyone quite so pregnant ! " I was tickled pink that a pop veteran like Lennox would acknowledge my determination to keep working even though I was so far into my third trimester , when the pounds and discomfort come fast and furious . Clearly I did n't mind baring it all for CNN 's cameras . Part of me really misses that brazen broad with all her breadth . I 'll think of her next time I 'm pinching avocados in the supermarket , and perhaps pinch myself to stand a little straighter , smile a little more and wink at no one in particular .	CNN 's Shanon Cook remembers men flirting with her while she was pregnant Sex educators say the attraction is not uncommon Experts say it might be because women find new confidence during pregnancy Another theory : Men know pregnant women are able to reproduce
CNN  -- Our failure to give women in certain parts of the world the ability to decide the timing and number of their children is deeply damaging -- not just for the women themselves but for societies , too . Lifting the obstacles is not something that can be tackled half-heartedly . Modern family planning programs were introduced widely in the developed world decades ago . Providing voluntary family planning is one of the most cost-effective ways of improving health . Yet , over 200 million women , overwhelmingly in the poorest countries , who want access to modern family planning still ca n't get this help . The results are all too clear . Girls who are still children themselves become mothers . The survival and health of mothers and babies are put at peril . Complications around giving birth remain the greatest killer of teenage girls in the developing world . It is not just young girls who suffer from the lack of control over their own reproductive health . Enabling women to space pregnancies out by three to five years could almost halve infant death in the poorest countries , one study found . The failure to give women access to reliable family planning increases poverty and reduces the number of girls in school and in the workforce . Lack of money to buy contraceptives , underfunding of family planning programs and lack of trained medical personnel are all major reasons that make life harder for women . There is no doubt , too , that cultural and family pressures -- often resting on a lack of women 's equality within their homes and communities -- play a role . We have to lift these barriers wherever we find them . Opinion : Want to help poor moms ? Provide them with diapers Women have traditionally led the fight to improve access to family planning and the provision and quality of maternal health services . But the more we are able to recruit men and boys as full partners in this battle , the more progress we can make . While men , accidentally or deliberately , can be a barrier to these ambitions , I have also seen how they can be a major part of the solution in the unlikeliest societies . There are few countries with a poorer record on maternal and infant health than Niger , one of the least-developed nations . A traditional society where men wield most of the power , this landlocked nation in West Africa ranks at the bottom of the UNDP Gender Equality Index . Few women use contraceptives . Almost all births are at home . It helps explain why Niger has the highest fertility rate and one of the highest infant death rates in the world . Opinion : Why there are more walk-away moms But a pioneering initiative launched in 2007 , Schools for Husbands , is slowly changing this picture . These schools , which have the backing of the civil authorities , traditional and religious leaders , as well as UNFPA support , bring together husbands who believe their wives should play a much more equitable role in their families and communities . They meet regularly to discuss and deliver solutions to Niger 's challenges around maternal and reproductive health . This can include building a house for a new community midwife or , after talking to local women 's groups , new toilet facilities at a maternity clinic . Perhaps even more importantly , they take the message out to new communities about the importance of family planning and proper maternal health care . The results where the schools have been established have been impressive . Use of family planning services has tripled . The number of child births attended by skilled personnel doubled . More than 170 schools are in Niger now . The initiative is being extended to new regions in the country and outside its borders . It shows that we can make real progress in the most challenging of environments when men build partnerships across the gender divide . As we celebrate Mother 's Day , I challenge all men to think about the commitments they can make to build up our societies by lifting up women , our very own mothers , wives and daughters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Babatunde Osotimehin .	Babatunde Osotimehin : Women need to be able to control their own reproductive health Osotimehin : Women in developing world need access to family planning programs He says we should recruit men and boys as full partners in this battle for women Osotimehin : Schools for Husbands in Niger has made progress in getting men involved
Calling the NCAA and five of the major athletic conferences a "  cartel , " an attorney representing four college athletes filed a class-action lawsuit against the NCAA on Monday , saying it was "  illegally restraining competition for the services of players . " In short , college athletes should be paid , according to the landmark antitrust suit filed in a Trenton , New Jersey , federal court . The NCAA compensation cap allows universities to pay their football and basketball players only in the form of tuition , books , room and board and related fees , which Monday 's complaint says is akin to a price-fixing agreement . Attorney Jeffrey Kessler , who is no stranger to taking on sports ' governing bodies , claims in the lawsuit that the schools are generating "  billions of dollars in revenues each year through the hard work , sweat and sometimes broken bodies of top-tier college football and men 's basketball athletes . " "  The reality is that it is already pro sports for everybody but the athletes , " Kessler said , noting that the sports conferences negotiate lucrative television contracts and sponsorships , and universities shell out big bucks for coaches . In most states , a team coach is the highest paid state employee , the New York-based attorney said . "  What we are saying is that it is fundamentally unfair for there to be rules that prevent athletes who create all of this to receive nothing in return , " Kessler said . Are times changing ? Kessler , who has handled several complex and high-profile antitrust cases , also litigated McNeil v. the National Football League , which led to the establishment of free agency in the NFL , and Brady v. NFL , which ended the 2011 NFL lockout . He also represented players in antitrust actions that led to the present free agency and salary cap systems in the NBA . In Monday 's lawsuit , Kessler represents four plaintiffs : Clemson University football player Martin Jenkins , Rutgers University basketball player J.J. Moore , University of California football player Bill Tyndall , who played his senior season in 2013 , and University of Texas-El Paso football player Kevin Perry , who also played basketball for the Miners in 2011 and 2012 . While only four plaintiffs are named , the class-action proposes representing all Football Bowl Subdivision players and all Division I basketball players . In addition to the NCAA , the lawsuit -- which the National College Players Association is backing -- also targets the so-called "  power conferences " : the Southeastern , Big Ten , Big 12 , Pacific-12 and Atlantic Coast . "  Ten years ago this discussion was completely different , " Players Association President Ramogi Huma said . "  There were a lot of people defending the NCAA system . Fast-forward to today , very few people are defending the NCAA and its practices . " This is n't the former University of California-Los Angeles football player 's first foray into the issue . Along with organizing the All Players United wrist tape effort -- which seeks to end a system in which players "  forfeit their rights and endure unnecessary physical , academic and financial risks as a condition of participating in NCAA sports " -- Huma also founded the College Athlete Players Association . The College Athlete Players Association supported Northwestern University football players ' attempts to unionize . The players say they are university employees who are forced to put football first or risk losing free tuition . While Monday 's lawsuit aims to end the old notion of amateurism in college sports and reverse NCAA rules that forbid colleges from sharing with their players the billions of dollars made each year via their football and men 's basketball programs , the lawsuit does not guarantee salaries or eliminate scholarships . Nor does it call for a trust fund or mention a stipend . It simply would give a university the option of paying the players it wants most . It also calls for individual damages for the player plaintiffs . "  Instead of permitting individual institutions to compete for the services of players who participate in their major college sports businesses , the NCAA and the power conferences act as a cartel in placing a cap on the athletes ' compensation , " Kessler said in a statement . "  These restrictions are a blatant violation of antitrust laws , have no legitimate pro-competitive justification , and it is finally time to bring them to an end . " Value in education The NCAA contends that athletes are paid in the form of a free education , something that holds a lot of value both immediately and in the future . However , proponents of Monday 's lawsuit point out that many student athletes never walk across the stage to get their diploma , and the percentage of Division I football and basketball players who make it to the NFL and NBA drafts is miniscule . In October , the NCAA released a report saying that 82 % of Division 1 athletes who entered school in 2006 earned their degrees . The NCAA lauded the graduation rates of two groups of student athletes , those playing for Football Bowl Subdivision teams and African-American Division I men 's basketball players , whom the report said graduated at rates of 71 % and 68 % , both records , according to the NCAA . A September report from the University of South Carolina-based College Sport Research Institute said student athlete graduation rates still hover well below those of the general student bodies . According to its "  adjusted graduation gap " reports , players in the 10 conferences making up the Football Bowl subdivision -- which includes the five conferences named in Monday 's lawsuit -- graduated at a rate 18 % below the male student bodies of their schools . For black football players , the rate was 24 % below , the report said . The research institute 's basketball data from January 2013 also showed wide gaps , with male basketball players graduating at a rate 20 % below their male student bodies and female basketball players at a rate 9.2 % beneath that of their student bodies . If you consider only the top basketball conference , those rates jump to 30.1 % for men and 13.4 % for women , according to the institute 's findings . Meanwhile , a joint study between Drexel University and Huma 's organization found the fair market value of the average collegiate football player is about $ 120,000 . It is $ 265,000 for the average men 's basketball player , the study said . The average scholarship , Huma said , is worth $ 23,000 . "  College athletes , they earn their way through school . This is not a gift . They put their bodies on the line , " Huma said . "  I believe that amateurism is a myth . This is a multibillion dollar industry . ... We 're not against that , but to exclude players from the spoils is un-American . It 's illegal , it 's inappropriate , and amateurism at this point is being used as a tool to strip the players of their fair market value . " Not everyone thinks paying college players is a good idea . The topic has been debated for years by those within the world of college sport , and paying players has generally been opposed by college presidents , athletic directors and , of course , the NCAA . They all hang their hat on the education argument . At Monday 's Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics meeting , former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue said paying athletes would be counterproductive and not in their best interests . Some college athletes play like adults , read like 5th-graders Does free market apply ? But Emmett Gill , a former consultant with the NCAA on academic reform who is now an assistant professor at North Carolina Central University in Durham , said offering compensation could have a positive impact on athletes ' educations . "  If students are able to participate in the free market , it will allow us to decide what athletes are there for an education and what athletes are there for a minor league system and allow us to develop programs for each , " he said . The small percentage of athletes who play on full scholarship in the revenue-generating sports -- football and men 's basketball -- could be offered a salary as an incentive to play at a particular school , he said . But the rest of the student athletes , the majority of whom realistically will never be offered cash -- because most are n't even offered full scholarships -- could also benefit from a free market because it would open the door for endorsement deals , Gill said . "  I really do not believe that paying student athletes will have a negative impact on their education , " Gill said . "  It will have a positive impact . " Huma and Kessler said they believe public opinion is shifting their way . They acknowledge that a few years ago , it would have been less likely to find current players willing to put their names on a lawsuit like this . But as former NCAA basketball player Ed O'Bannon 's lawsuit -- which he filed to take back the rights to his own name and likeness from the NCAA -- has moved through the courts , public opinion on the matter of athlete compensation is shifting , they said . In recent years , prominent coaches like the University of South Carolina 's football coach , Steve Spurrier , have come out in favor of paying players , while Kessler 's legal team even has a convert , Tim Nevius , a former NCAA lead investigator who is now playing for the other side . Whether the sports-loving public is ready to hop aboard the bandwagon is another story . A Marist College Center for Sports Communication poll conducted in 2012 showed that about two-thirds of sports fans , college football fans and college basketball fans concurred that a scholarship for top players was sufficient . But when Seton Hall Sports Poll asked a similar question in 2007 , the number was much higher , with 78 % of those responding saying college athletes should not be paid salaries .	Attorney calls NCAA , major conferences a "  cartel " in filing lawsuit to pay athletes Athletes get tuition , board , fees , while conferences negotiate major TV contracts Ex-NFL commissioner says paying athletes not in their interests , counterproductive Southeastern , Big Ten , Big 12 , Pacific-12 and Atlantic Coast conferences named in suit
CNN  -- Jeff Romig kept putting it off . He knew the doctor would give him bad news . He 'd known it for years ; he needed to lose weight . But as he sat in the doctor 's office a few weeks ago and listened to his numbers -- cholesterol and blood pressure , both too high -- he resolved to change . This time , he decided to do something different , something drastic . After 10 years of talking about losing weight without much success , Romig decided to put his health and family first by leaving his high-pressure politics job . "  I knew I was doing the right thing , but I felt terrible , " said Romig , 34 , who lives in Georgia . While the tactic might be unusual , Romig is hardly alone in his struggle with weight gain or his reluctance to try to lose it . More than 30 % of men older than 20 are overweight , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Men face the issue at the same rate as women , but until recently , ads for weight loss products mostly featured female faces and voices . According to ad industry watchers , the female-centric advertising had the inadvertent effect of scaring men away . Enter a slew of new ads from the biggest names in dieting : Weight Watchers , Nutrisystem and Jenny Craig . Weight Watchers took a direct approach , with television spots that explicitly tell men it 's OK to diet . One commercial proclaims "  Weight Watchers online is for men , too , " and , as a nod to the brand 's more feminine advertising of yore : "  It 's not all rainbows and lollipops . " "  Women really appreciate the fact that we are recognizing it as a widespread societal problem , " said David Burwick , president of Weight Watchers North America . Beyond the multimillion-dollar campaign lies the hope for company expansion . Burwick estimated that only one-quarter of men who have weight problems actively seek to lose weight . That means plenty are n't spending money on weight loss products and programs , at least not yet . Aside from the attention paid by Madison Avenue , some men said they 're learning they need more than just a plan ; they need people to hold them accountable and to relate to their struggles . Lloyd Dinwiddie , an entertainment correspondent who goes by the name Gyant , said men do n't often talk about their diets with other men , something he said he wishes would change . Though his nickname comes from his 6-foot-8-inch frame , Dinwiddie said not everyone appreciates his desire to slim down , and after years of diets , he 's trying new techniques . "  Women look at me like I 'm crazy . They say , ` You 're just big , Gyant , ' " he said . "  At 310 pounds , every book in the world is telling me I need to lose weight . " Revealing journey as woman reduces weight by half Dinwiddie said he applauds Weight Watchers and other companies that focus on men 's health , but an "  average Joe " - style spokesman would work better than a Charles Barkley or Mariah Carey , who have trainers and chefs to keep them focused . Dinwiddie 's current dieting effort includes a lot more chicken salads and outdoor activities , with a goal of losing 80 pounds . He has turned to an online community , hoping the discussion will serve as communal motivation . "  It 's actually been a collective support system in a roundabout way 'cause in six months , if I 'm not following it , they are going to be like , ` Yo , what 's going on ? ' " Romig , the man who quit his politics job , said he started using Weight Watchers in 2003 , after his weight grew to 225 pounds . He lost 30 pounds then , but the positive momentum slowed after a big move and a new , stressful job . Through a few more jobs and one more move , Romig kept his Weight Watchers account , although he was n't using it much . "  Every month , there goes that $ 16.95 , " he joked . CNN anchor : Dangers of labels and my bulimia Work and volunteer commitments soaked up his time . To make decisions about lifestyle changes , he sat with his wife of nine years and ran through scenarios , including how to handle fatigue and soreness during weight loss , and questions about whether he could keep up the momentum . It all added up to one thing : Making time to get healthy , even if it meant reducing his work hours and relying more heavily on the income of his wife , an attorney . Social media has already proven to be helpful on the journey , he said . When he shared news of his resignation and intention to run in a 5K on Facebook , he got all positive comments , he said . Romig keeps himself honest with his phone and other technology that allows him to keep tabs on his progress ; his goal is to go from 241 to 180 pounds . But those hyper-masculine ads ? Romig said they did n't have much effect on him . The real motivation came from his wife , who told him , "  I worry that you 're not going to be here . " Since last week , Romig has lost 9 pounds . He said everything else , even his job , is now secondary .	Weight Watchers , Nutrisystem , featuring men in ad campaigns More than 30 % of men older than 20 are overweight Estimates say only one-quarter of overweight men actively seek to lose weight
CNN  -- The woman at the center of the Anthony Weiner scandal is a 23-year-old Indiana native who is passionate about politics and was a strong supporter of the New York politician even after he resigned from Congress amid similar circumstances two years ago , a friend said . Sydney Elaine Leathers actively posts about politics and her Democratic views on Facebook . That 's where she met Lou Colagiovanni , a political blogger and writer who moderates a political Facebook page where Leathers frequently posted messages . "  She absolutely idealized this man , " Colagiovanni told CNN on Wednesday of the respect Leathers had for Weiner , now running for New York mayor . A summer of lies The gossip website TheDirty.com on Tuesday published a collection of sexual messages and blurred photos exchanged by Weiner and a woman the site did not identify . Weiner admitted later Tuesday that he had engaged in the lewd chats and apologized . Calls poured in for him to withdraw from the race . The website Buzzfeed , in a story Wednesday , was the first to identify Leathers by name as the woman behind the messages . CNN made multiple attempts to reach Leathers for comment without success . But in an interview Thursday with the television program "  Inside Edition , " Leathers said the former congressman deceived her when he contacted her online . "  I felt manipulated , " Leathers said . "  Obviously I felt like he 's saying one thing to me , another thing to his wife , saying another thing on the campaign trail . I do n't know who the real Anthony Weiner is , I guess . " She was astonished that Weiner would revert to the behavior that led to his resignation from Congress in 2011 . "  I was shocked because I did n't think he would be so foolish as to do the same thing all over again , " she said . "  He was making these campaign promises that he had totally changed , and he was a better man now , and he learned from his mistakes , and I have proof that that was not true . " Colagiovanni showed CNN unblurred versions of the same messages and photos released by TheDirty.com that also show Leathers is the woman with whom Weiner was corresponding . Opinion : The public humiliation of Huma Abedin According to Colagiovanni , Leathers first told him about her online relationship with the former congressman in April , after it had ended . She said the relationship began "  post-scandal " -- after Weiner resigned from Congress in June 2011 -- and Colagiovanni said the online contact went on for at least eight or nine months , possibly a year . She and Weiner made contact on Twitter and used other platforms to correspond , including Facebook , Formspring and e-mail , Colagiovanni said . Weiner 's e-mail address contained the phrase "  CarlosDanger3333 , " Colagiovanni said . "  She initially contacted him through Twitter , " he said . "  She said that she was a fan ... . I assume that based on how beautiful of a young lady that Sydney is , Anthony Weiner had no choice but to act on his instincts and go after any pretty young woman who gives him the time of day . "  She thought he was a righteous fighter for the middle class , " he added . Leathers is a political liberal and very passionate about women 's issues , even going to Texas to attend a rally for Wendy Davis , the Democrat state senator who recently filibustered an abortion bill . Chat logs show that Weiner offered Leathers a condo in Chicago , Colagiovanni said . "  She had mentioned to me that he promised her a condo , " Colagiovanni said . "  He offered to help her move so there was certainly conversations about that . " Colagiovanni said he does n't know whether Leathers and Weiner actually met . "  There was tawdry phone sex that went on between these two for months on end , " Colagiovanni told CNN . "  She had told me that she sent him numerous naked pictures . " Colagiovanni gave CNN a copy of the Facebook conversations he had with Leathers in which she described the relationship . He also shared lewd e-mails that Leathers forwarded from Weiner , written under his alias , Carlos Danger . Leathers told Colagiovanni in their Facebook conversations that she and the congressman had phone sex , texted , e-mailed and sent each other nude pictures of themselves . Should Weiner 's wife stand by her man ? "  We talked ALL the time , " Leathers wrote to Colagiovanni . "  He even called in August , knowing I was on a train to Chicago , just to tell me about a sex dream he had about me . He did that kind of thing a lot . He was also obsessed with me wearing heels lol . " But by April of this year , things had turned sour , and Leathers felt let down and disappointed by the man she once held in high regard , Colagiovanni said . "  Sydney loved him but then she fell out of love with him because the idealized vision in which she had of him was not true , was not the case , " he told CNN . "  She became disgusted with him after finding out that the person who she thought she was in love with was not indeed that person . " Pastor : Weiner is an addict Colagiovanni , who said he has been involved in dozens of political campaigns around the country and works as a media consultant , said he and Leathers discussed selling the story . He told her she could use it as a "  springboard for national attention to ride on to fame and fortune . " "  I hope we make some $ out of it , " she wrote . "  There is not a doubt in my mind that we wo n't makes  sic  thousands and thousands of dollars , " he replied . Though it was CNN that contacted Colagiovanni , he said he wanted to share Leathers ' messages to him and her correspondence with Weiner because he felt betrayed by her . Opinion : Will ` sexting ' city give Weiner a pass ? "  I feel this was my story , " he said . "  I had cultivated this story . I sat on it for months . I was reluctant to release it because Sydney told me , ` Listen , I do n't want this story to go out , I do n't want anybody to know about it . ' " He said he asked her about 10 days ago what she was doing with the story , and she still told Colagiovanni she did n't want anyone to know about it . "  And then as everybody saw on TheDirty.com , the story did come out , so she misled me in her ideas of what she wanted to have happen here , " Colagiovanni said . "  So why I 'm talking to you now is , I want my story to get out there . " He is hoping to sell his story somehow . "  I 'm not going to lie : I have bills to pay , " he said . "  Everybody does . " Weiner would n't be in race without his wife CNN 's , Randi Kaye and Gabrielle Rodman contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I felt manipulated , " Leathers tells "  Inside Edition " about Weiner Weiner promised Sydney Elaine Leathers a condo in Chicago , friend says Leathers , 23 , first contacted Weiner on Twitter because she was a fan "  She had told me that she sent him numerous naked pictures , " friend says
CNN  -- President Barack Obama Tuesday delivered his second back-to-school message to the nation 's students -- an event marked by far less controversy than the first time around . The speech -- delivered to a thunderous round of applause from students at Julia R. Masterman Laboratory and Demonstration School in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- encouraged students to make the most of their educational opportunities . "  Nobody gets to write your destiny but you , " Obama said . "  Your future is in your hands . Your life is what you make of it . And nothing -- absolutely nothing -- is beyond your reach , so long as you 're willing to dream big , so long as you 're willing to work hard , so long as you 're willing to stay focused on your education -- there is not a single thing that any of you can not accomplish . " The president said education "  never has been more important . " "  I 'm sure there are going to be times in the months ahead when you 're staying up late doing your homework or cramming for a test , or you 're dragging yourself out of bed on a rainy morning and you 're thinking , oh boy , I wish maybe it was a snow day , " he said . "  Let me tell you , what you 're doing is worth it . ... Nothing is going to have as great an impact on your success in life as your education . " Last year , his first as president , Obama 's plan to deliver a similar message prompted an unexpected backlash from conservatives who worried he would push students to support his political agenda . However , the speech Obama delivered at a Virginia school included no political references and was welcomed by conservatives . This year 's speech also focused on urging students to work hard in order to achieve their goals . "  More and more , the kinds of opportunities that are open to you are going to be determined by how far you go in school , " Obama said . "  The farther you go in school , the farther you 're going to go in life . And at a time when other countries are competing with us like never before ... your success in school is going to determine America 's success in the 21st century . " He called on students to meet their responsibilities for school by showing up on time , paying attention in class , doing their homework , studying for exams and staying out of trouble . "  I was n't always the best student when I was younger . I made my share of mistakes , " Obama said , going on to describe a scolding from his mother about the need for more effort . "  It was pretty jolting , hearing my mother say that , " the president said . "  But eventually , her words had their intended effect , because I got serious about my studies . I started to make an effort in everything I did . And I began to see my grades -- and my prospects -- improve . And I know that if hard work could make the difference for me , then it can make a difference for all of you . " He also urged students to take on new challenges , with specific encouragement to rebound from disappointment and failure to try again . "  So , what I want to say to every kid ... -LSB- is -RSB- that life is precious , and part of what makes it so wonderful is its diversity , " the president said . "  We should n't be embarrassed by the things that make us different . We should be proud of them . Because it 's the things that make us different that make us who we are . " Obama also announced a second "  commencement challenge , " where a high school making positive changes and advancements is selected by the White House to have the president deliver its graduation speech . Obama addressed graduates from a high school in Kalamazoo , Michigan , in 2009 . Some of the controversy surrounding the president 's education address last year involved a proposed lesson plan created by the Education Department to accompany the speech . An initial version of the plan recommended that students draft letters to themselves discussing "  what they can do to help the president . " The letters "  would be collected and redistributed at an appropriate later date by the teacher to make students accountable to their goals , " the plan stated . After the criticism from conservatives , the White House distributed a revised version encouraging students to write letters about how they can "  achieve their short-term and long-term education goals . "	The president urges students to make the most of their education Obama announces a second "  commencement challenge " for high school graduates Obama travels to Philadelphia for his second back-to-school speech Last year , conservatives worried Obama would push a political agenda
CNN  -- Controversy continues to swirl around the comments made by Todd Akin , Missouri Representative and Senate candidate , that "  legitimate rape " would only rarely lead to pregnancy . Initially , the media focused on the fallout of his remarks concerning issues of abortion , sexual violence and the effect on women voters . While Akin has vigorously recanted his remarks , and both Mitt Romney and President Obama have lambasted his statements , only more recently has attention been paid to the fact that Akin sits on the House Committee for Science , Space and Technology . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee 's petition for Speaker of the House John Boehner to remove Akin , a Republican , from the House science committee is just starting to gain momentum , and well it should . The House science committee has oversight on congressional science and technology policy and thereby helps shape the course of billions of dollars of related funding . In other words , Akin -- who is now best known for his folkloric views on reproduction -- has a strong say in determining the long-term scientific progress of our country . News : Akin imbroglio is bad news for Republicans How can a science and technology leader like the United States allow itself to be governed by people who try to ignore scientific fact ? Given Akin 's "  magical " theories regarding rape , abortion and pregnancy , I would not want him having a say in the long-term plans of a single middle-school science class , much less our nation as a whole . How do we let him get away with this ? And make no mistake : We are likely to let him get away with this . Akin 's apologize-and-move-on method is quite effective in politics today . In politics , the woeful reality is that folklore often trumps real science . Opinion : Rape can make you pregnant . Period . The situation with Akin is not an isolated one . The dynamics of politics over science  and emotions over data  are widespread in our government today . For much of the past year , political forces in Congress have pushed to "  overturn science " by seeking to overturn the EPA Endangerment finding . In that case , the EPA had used what it deemed to be the best-available scientific data to conclude that greenhouse gases were a pollutant and a danger to public health , and in response  following standing government policies  it issued an emissions rule for cars and some trucks , only to encounter political hurdles questioning the data . If you want to have an argument over how government policy should or should n't be applied to climate change issues , that is fair . If you want to fund further data collection  by reputable entities  to add to our understanding of climate phenomena , that too is reasonable . What is not reasonable is to discredit years of scientific data without any scientific basis for doing so and to ask for a do-over . Such data takes years to collect after all , and should not be used as a stalling tactic . News : ` Legitimate rape ' reaction goes global The recurring theme in these stories is that when data goes against a politician 's belief or hope , they try to refute the data and the science -- sometimes supplying their own folklore as stand-ins for real data -- rather than taking on the higher-level and more complex policy issues regarding how to respond to the data . Further examples are also easy to find , including Michele Bachmann 's pseudo-scientific statement regarding vaccine side effects . As experimental scientists , my colleagues and I are often faced with situations where we hoped our experiments would yield data that neatly agree with our hypothesis , but when we actually run the experiment , we see the data indicates something either subtly or dramatically different . What do we do ? Rerunning the experiment is , of course , a natural step . But eventually , if substantial data points to a hypothesis different than ours , we need to adjust our thinking , adjust our hypotheses , and accept what the data is showing us . News : Akin takes on ` party bosses , ' insists he ` can win this race ' Where does this leave us regarding Akin and the House science committee ? One of my key roles as a thesis research adviser is to help guide undergraduate and graduate students to accept the realities of experimental science , and to think hard about what their gathered data is telling us , rather than to wish for different data . Increasingly , I see that one of my key roles as a U.S. citizen is to guide our politicians along a similar path : Rep. Akin and his cohort can not be allowed to substitute folklore for science , and it is our responsibility to stop them . Most notably , those who choose not to distinguish between folklore and science should not be on the House science committee . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Margaret Martonosi .	Missouri Rep. Todd Akin sits on the House Committee for Science , Space and Technology Margaret Martonosi : A petition to remove him from the committee is starting to gain momentum Akin and his cohort can not be allowed to substitute folklore for science , she says Martonosi : How can the U.S. allow itself to be governed by those who ignore scientific fact ?
Dallas  CNN  -- Texas firefighters Wednesday battled blazes that have scorched more than a million acres and have been burning for more than a week , according to the Texas Forest Service . "  We 're actually seeing Texas burn from border to border . We 've got it in west Texas , in east Texas , in north Texas , in south Texas -- it 's all over the state , " Forest Service spokeswoman April Saginor told CNN Radio . "  We 've got one in the Dallas area that 's four fires that have actually merged together . " Saginor said firefighters from 34 states are now in Texas battling blazes that , over the past two weeks , have destroyed more than 170 homes . "  Some  fires  are over 100,000 acres and they 've been burning for over a week , so that 's our priority right now , " Saginor said , "  to put out the big ones . " Firefighter Greg Simmons died Friday trying to extinguish the East Sidwynicks fire in Eastland County . Five other volunteer firefighters have been injured by the East Sidwynicks fire , which has burned 3,000 acres . High-res photos : Wildfires blaze across Texas Another firefighter was treated and released from a hospital in Graham after his bulldozer clipped a gas line and caused an explosion . "  The state of Texas is under siege , " Saginor said . "  Wildfire is dangerous and it 's threatening homes , lives and property on a daily basis . We caution residents to take this threat seriously and heed the call of their local authorities when told to evacuate . " The tinder-dry landscape has provided no shortage of fuel : On Wednesday , emergency personnel responded to four new fires across more than 1,000 acres , according to the Texas Forest Service . On Tuesday , they responded to 10 new fires , totaling more than 2,000 acres . Since January 1 , the Texas Forest Service said , it has responded to more than 800 fires that have damaged some 5,000 structures across 1.4 million acres . Fire-friendly conditions were expected to return Thursday in various parts of the state , the National Weather Service said . "  Even if we get two inches of rain , the ground 's going to eat it up , " said David Hennig , a Weather Service meteorologist in Midland , Texas . "  We need a pattern shift . " West Texas averages nearly 15 inches of rain a year , according to Hennig . In the past six months , only 13-hundredths of an inch of rain have been recorded in that part of the state . While October through March is typically the dry season , that amount of rainfall is far below what it should be , Hennig said . He said weather models show the possibility of more storms this weekend and perhaps next week . While the rain is needed , storms accompanied by lightning pose a fire risk , he said . The Guadalupe Mountains face an extreme risk of fire through Thursday , according to the National Weather Service . Van Horn , which is 165 miles west of Odessa , is expected to face a critical fire threat on Thursday , as well as the nearby state Highway 54 corridor and the southeast New Mexico plains . One of the largest fires plaguing Texas rampaged between the towns of Graham and Graford . That fire , fewer than 70 miles west of Dallas-Fort Worth , burned into residential areas surrounding Possum Kingdom Lake Monday night , destroying and damaging homes in four or five neighborhoods , according to Marq Webb , a spokesman with the Texas Forest Service . Possum Kingdom resident Jackie Fewell set up a blog to provide updates on the crisis since fire warnings first were extended to the 3,000-home lake community . Crews protect Texas observatory with fire of their own "  I was frustrated by a lot of misinformation that was being passed around by a lot of well-intentioned people through Facebook and text-messaging , " she said . Fewell set up the blog Saturday as a part of the website for Pondera Properties , the lake 's managing real-estate company , where she works . "  We have been able to generate this incredible response , " Fewell said , noting the site has served as a bridge between residents in need of help and those able to provide it . "  We get remarks from people all over needing help , " she said . "  If we put out a query to get 200 leather gloves to the area , we 'll have those gloves within a few days . " Wildfire ravages home but spares family roosters Fewell said the site has been responsible for aiding residents in a number of ways , from saving abandoned pets to providing real-time updates on properties threatened by the blaze . The Palo Pinto County Sheriff 's office said it evacuated 200 residents from the town of Palo Pinto and moved them to shelters . Two buses were sent to evacuate jail inmates , said Deputy Randy Hunter . That evacuation order was lifted Wednesday afternoon . Dianne Simpson told CNN affiliate KSAN that she and her husband watched nervously as a wildfire approached their house near the Tom Green County-Coke County line , where residents had evacuated . Texas Forest Service : Fire dangers and advisories "  We just sat out here on the deck and watched it burn , and it was just pretty devastating , " Simpson said . "  You 're just sitting here going ` There 's nothing I can do . ' " According to KSAN , the blaze stopped just 330 yards from the Simpsons ' house . By Wednesday , the evacuation order for Coke County had been lifted , according to Texas Forest Service spokeswoman Saginor . CNNRadio 's Thomas Andres and CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Forest Service responded to 4 new fires Wednesday totaling more than 1,000 acres Evacuation orders were lifted for Coke County and Palo Pinto , Texas Possum Kingdom resident Jackie Fewell has set up a blog to provide updates New fires emerge in Stephens and Garza counties in northern Texas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A pioneer , a preacher , an activist and an athlete were among 16 people who President Obama honored Wednesday with the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor . Joe Medicine Crow-High Bird , the last living Plains Indian war chief , receives his medal from President Obama . "  This is a chance for me and for the United States of America to say thank you to some of the finest citizens of this country and of all countries , " Obama told the audience assembled for the ceremony at the White House . "  At a moment when cynicism and doubt too often prevail , when our obligations to one another are too often forgotten , when the road ahead can seem too long or hard to tread , these extraordinary men and women , these agents of change , remind us that excellence is not beyond our abilities , that hope lies around the corner and that justice can still be won in the forgotten corners of this world , " the president said . "  They remind us that we each have it within our powers to fulfill dreams , to advance the dreams of others and to remake the world for our children , " he said . Watch Obama award medals " The Presidential Medal of Freedom , an annual award , was created after World War II when President Truman wanted to honor civilian service during the war . The 16 honored at the ceremony Wednesday afternoon were : • Nancy Goodman Brinker : The death of her sister from breast cancer prompted Brinker to found Susan G. Komen for the Cure , which has grown to become the world 's leading breast cancer grass-roots organization . • Pedro José Greer Jr. : Among the many hats Greer wears , he is the founder of Camillus Health Concern , an agency that provides medical care to more than 10,000 homeless patients every year in Miami , Florida . • Stephen Hawking : The internationally recognized theoretical physicist has spent his career making complex scientific concepts accessible to the layman , including penning the best-selling book "  A Brief History of Time " and its updated version , "  A Briefer History of Time . " • Jack Kemp : The quarterback-turned-politician was honored posthumously for the years he spent , leading up to his death in May , raising awareness of and encouraging development in underserved communities . See photos of this year 's winners " • Sen. Edward Kennedy : During his 46 years as a lawmaker , Kennedy has called health care reform the "  cause of his life , " championing nearly every health care bill enacted by Congress in the past five decades . However , Kennedy missed Wednesday 's ceremony because of his ongoing battle with brain cancer , the White House said . His sister Eunice Kennedy Shriver , who died Tuesday , received the Medal of Freedom in 1984 from President Reagan . • Billie Jean King : With her victory over Bobby Riggs in the "  Battle of the Sexes " tennis match in 1973 , and in the years since , King has champion gender equality not only in sports but in all areas of public life . • The Rev. Joseph Lowery : With the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , the civil rights icon co-founded the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , a leading civil rights organization , and has continued to highlight the cause worldwide , including speaking out forcefully against apartheid in South Africa until its end in 1994 . • Joe Medicine Crow-High Bird : The last living Plains Indian war chief and author of seminal works in Native American history is also the last person alive to have received direct oral testimony from a participant in the Battle of the Little Bighorn : his grandfather , a scout for Gen. George Custer . • Harvey Milk : The first openly gay person elected into office in a major U.S. city , Milk is revered as a pioneer of the lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender civil rights movement . He was honored posthumously . • Sandra Day O'Connor : At a time when women rarely entered the legal profession , O'Connor graduated Stanford Law School third in her class and went on to become the first woman ever to sit on the U.S. Supreme Court . • Sidney Poitier : The first African-American to win a Best Actor Academy Award , Poitier also broke ground by insisting that the crew in one of his films be at least 50 percent African-American and by starring in the first mainstream movie portraying interracial marriage as acceptable . • Chita Rivera : The winner of two Tony Awards , Rivera was also the first Hispanic to receive the Kennedy Center Honor , awarded annually for exemplary lifetime achievement in the performing arts . • Mary Robinson : Since ending her term as the first female president of Ireland , Robinson has headed Realizing Rights , an initiative that ensures that human rights is not forgotten as nations chart a course toward globalization . • Janet Davison Rowley : Her work on chromosome abnormalities in human leukemia and lymphoma has led to dramatically improved survival rates for previously incurable cancers . • Desmond Tutu : An Anglican archbishop and a leading anti-apartheid activist , Tutu is widely regarded as "  South Africa 's moral conscience " and chaired the country 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission when it was created in 1995 to discover and reveal past wrongdoing . • Muhammad Yunus : A Bangladeshi economist and winner of the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize , Yunus pioneered the use of micro-loans to provide credit to the poor without collateral , a successful model that has been emulated worldwide .	Medal of Freedom is nation 's highest civilian honor It was created after World War II to honor civilian service during that war Kennedy , Tutu , Poitier , Milk , Hawking , O'Connor among honorees
Editor 's note : This is part two of a two-part series on illegal immigration in Middle America . St. Bridget 's Catholic Church has been spending $ 80,000 a month to help immigrants pay for their daily expenses . POSTVILLE , Iowa  CNN  -- The Rev. Lloyd Paul Ouderkirk sits beneath a cross of Jesus , the sun shining through the stained-glass windows that line his church . "  Nobody can tell me to shut up , " says Ouderkirk , the pastor of St. Bridget 's Catholic Church in the tiny town of Postville , Iowa , the epicenter of the nation 's immigration debate in rural communities . Ouderkirk is outraged at the way federal agents swooped into town and rounded up nearly 400 illegal immigrants on May 12 in a raid on the nation 's largest kosher meatpacking plant , Agriprocessors . He 's angry at the bosses of the plant who are accused of mistreating workers , including children , and using a workforce that the government contends was 75 percent illegal immigrants . Watch "  we cried with them " " And he 's upset that Iowa Gov. Chet Culver and other top state officials have n't set foot in Postville since the raid left the town of 2,400 "  bleeding to death . " The raid was the largest work-force raid in the nation 's history at the time , what one court interpreter said "  criminalized the undocumented workers on a grand scale " for the first time . "  I think every elected politician -- no exceptions -- should bow their heads in shame , " Ouderkirk says . "  Upset ?! Yeah , I 'm upset . I mean give me a break ... If the elected politicians could n't do any better than this to come up with a good , just immigration law , they should hang their heads in shame . " Within the next half hour , about two dozen women from Guatemala and Mexico begin arriving at his church , along with two men . All were picked up in the raid , but the federal government released them on humanitarian grounds because they are parents of children who are American citizens . Each wears an ankle bracelet . They are seeking political asylum or temporary residency within the United States . See photos around Postville , Iowa " Unable to work now , they come to St. Bridget 's for financial help . The church pays their medical bills , food , rent and other daily expenses . "  They walk the streets here monitored wherever they go . They ca n't leave , they ca n't work , they all have children , " Ouderkirk says . "  So effectively , they are prisoners in our town and in this parish . " Ouderkirk is n't the only one complaining . Mayor Bob Penrod said his town has been turned "  topsy turvy " since the raid . He too wondered why he has n't heard from the governor . Watch a "  military raid " on this town " "  Basically all we wanted was some advice on how to deal with some of the situations that keep arising , " Penrod says . Gov. Culver 's office says his administration played a "  leading role " in an investigation of the meatpacking plant that led to more than 9,000 charges of child labor violations against its bosses and managers . "  Gov. Culver has been a vocal critic of Agriprocessors , " his office said in a written statement . It added that while the governor may not have visited , he has worked with state agencies to "  address the needs of the families in Postville . " Agriprocessors declined comment for this story . In a statement after the raid , the company said it "  cooperated with the government in the enforcement action . We intend to continue to cooperate with the government in its investigation . ... We extend our heartfelt sympathies to the families whose lives were disrupted and wish them the best . " The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement stands by the raid in Postville . "  Illegal aliens often turn to criminal activity , including document fraud , Social Security fraud or identify theft , in order to get jobs , " ICE spokesman Tim Counts said in a written statement . "  The demand for fraudulent documents and identities created by them creates thriving criminal enterprises that supply them . " Ouderkirk , who came out of retirement after the raid , says it 's costing his church $ 80,000 a month , and the church only has enough money to keep paying through the end of the year . "  It 's pathetic when you have what was labeled by the man who directed the raid here as a ` very successful raid . ' How successful is this when it does this to the children and breaks up families ? " Ouderkirk says . Rocelia Hernandez , a mother of four , came from Mexico seven years ago and worked at the kosher plant for three years . Displaying her ankle bracelet , she admits she entered the country illegally , but says she came to improve her children 's lives . "  Since I arrived here , I have n't done anything but work because I wanted to have a house and have better things in the future for my children , " Hernandez says . She says she was given a "  Social Security number that they invented for me . " Asked who made it , Hernandez says , "  I do n't know . I never knew . " Hernandez says she 's confused about why the government cracked down on her . The United States , she says , is a generous country that provides aid to countries to help impoverished people around the world . "  If the Americans have such a big heart or the government has such a big heart for other people , why do n't they protect those of us who are already here ? Why do they kick us out ? " she says . "  I want my son to learn the language and stay here and have a better life , " Hernandez says of her 5-year-old American-born son . Ouderkirk puts it more succinctly . "  This is no way as a democracy to treat people . I do n't care if they are legal or illegal . You do n't tear families apart like this , " Ouderkirk says . "  The women and children we 're taking care of right now are no more criminal than people driving down the street breaking the speed limit . " See where Postville is located " The federal government disagrees . Of the 389 captured that day in May , nearly 300 of them were charged with felony counts of aggravated identity theft and fraudulent use of Social Security numbers . Those slaughterhouse workers were tried and convicted in less than two days on a cattle fairground where Iowans typically come to cheer cowboys who lasso raging bulls . Most were sentenced to five months in prison . "  The federal court got taken for a ride , " says Erik Camayd-Freixas , a federal certified interpreter who was there . "  There was no presumption of innocence . " A court interpreter is supposed to be an impartial representative of the government . Camayd-Freixas has worked as an interpreter for 23 years , but says what happened in Postville touched a nerve and forced him to speak out . "  The truth is that nothing could have prepared me for the prospect of helping our government put hundreds of innocent people in jail , " he said in a written personal account . Camayd-Freixas says those arrested pleaded guilty to the charges often not knowing what they were pleading to . A person charged with identity theft has to knowingly take the "  identification of another person with the intent to commit , or to aid or abet , any unlawful activity that constitutes a violation of federal law , " according to federal identity theft law . ICE 's affidavit is vague on that point , describing workers going to a third-party source for documents . Most of the Agriprocessor workers , Camayd-Freixas says , had no idea they were using somebody else 's identity because they "  took whatever number was given to them . " Camayd-Freixas says he understands the workers were in America illegally , but he questions the legality of trying them on felony offenses . "  These are common workers and they are parading them as criminals . There 's something wrong here , " he says . "  I was there and I saw it . " He says the guilty pleas could have a staggering effect on separate , extremely serious state investigations of Agriprocessors . The state of Iowa filed 9,300 misdemeanor charges against owners and managers at Agriprocessors accusing them of child labor law violations . The state needs the immigrants -- the same ones the federal government wants deported -- to testify in any potential trial against their bosses . "  The immigrants have no credibility because they plead guilty , " Camayd-Freixas says . "  The whole thing is just ill conceived . " Camayd-Freixas , acting as an academic consultant for the Guatemalan consul general , recently visited with 94 of the Postville workers being held at two facilities in Miami , Florida . Their sentences ended last weekend and they will likely get deported beginning this week . He says 16 have been recalled for the Iowa investigations . "  They want to be deported back to Guatemala as soon as possible , " Camayd-Freixas says . "  Every week they do n't work is another week their children go hungry . " Back in Postville , Ouderkirk says he 'll keep speaking his mind . He invites vocal opponents of illegal immigration to come to his church and "  walk in the shoes " of the immigrants he 's helping . He says he 's "  gotten hate letters like you would n't believe . " "  If people have a right to spout off like that , then I have a right to speak in defense of these poor people , " he says . "  This is a free country . I have a right to speak what I believe in , and I have a right to speak up for poor people whose voice is being denied . "	Postville , Iowa , priest : "  Every elected politician ... should bow their heads in shame " "  Nobody can tell me to shut up , " Rev. Lloyd Paul Ouderkirk says Bosses of kosher plant accused of using illegal immigrant workforce , including kids Court interpreter who witnessed trials : "  The federal court got taken for a ride "
CNN  -- That women and girls are singled out during armed conflicts is well documented -- what is less well known is that once hostilities cease the undeclared war on women can continue for years on end . Even though officially the fighting has ended , the proliferation of weapons , a culture of violence and the objectification of women continue to wreak havoc . As a Bosnian women 's rights activist put it when she was talking to a group of human rights researchers documenting the horrors meted out in the early 1990s civil war : "  There is no peace time for women " . This simple statement clarified the truth they were failing to grasp -- that for women in particular , the peace accord had brought no peace . Nearly two decades on , hundreds of women still struggle with the effects of rape and other forms of torture frequently facilitated or committed using weapons , without proper access to the medical , psychological and financial assistance they need to rebuild their shattered lives . The perpetrators mostly go unpunished . On March 18 , the final negotiations for an arms trade treaty will begin in New York . The world desperately needs the final agreement to ensure that no country or arms dealer will sell weapons , munitions or related equipment to governments , companies or armed groups where there is a substantial risk of those arms and ammunition -- ranging from AK-47s to bombers -- being used for atrocities or violent abuse . Among the challenges to getting an effective arms trade treaty is the simple fact that the USA , Russia , China , the UK and France are the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council . As such they are charged with maintaining international peace and security , yet they accounted in 2010 for about 60 % of the well over $ 70 billion annual trade in conventional weapons .  Source : TransArms - Research Center for the Logistics of Arms Transfers . Based on the arms orders that the United States and Russia has already received , but not yet executed and delivered , at the end of a four year-period the total annual global trade in conventional weapons could approach $ 100 billion , according to TransArms . The five governments would account for more than half that amount . These and other states have been trading for decades in the absence of global controls on the flow of arms and ammunition across borders . Guns and ammunition are supplied to governments , companies and armed groups who often put them into the hands of users who terrorize communities by targeting civilians : women , men and children . Targeting civilians in armed conflict is an intentional act which is a crime under international law . It may be a tactic or even a strategy of government forces or armed groups , and women are often singled out by human rights abusers , criminal gangs and individuals who brandish arms manufactured overseas . Some governments will argue that the targeting of women in war -- including with sexual violence -- is a regrettable but inevitable by-product of armed conflict . It is exactly this attitude that makes these same governments ignore violence against women in peace time . To add insult to injury , despite the U.N. Security Council Resolution on Women , Peace and Security , women are often denied any role in peace negotiations , in monitoring the process of disarming combatants and on deciding how to rebuild society in a manner that promotes peaceful resolution to conflicts . Grave human rights abuses against women and men , whether in conflict situations or not , are already forbidden as a matter of law . For example , the Geneva Conventions and Protocols outlaw specific war crimes , and perpetrators of war crimes and crimes against humanity can be brought to justice under the Rome Statute for the International Criminal Court . International human rights law also prohibits specific violations , and governments have a responsibility to take action to stop violence against women regardless of who is perpetrating that violence . It has long been recognized that such crimes can be curbed also by taking away the tools used by perpetrators to commit or facilitate them . A strong and effective global Arms Trade Treaty would be a very significant step towards this . Women the world over need to know that governments will not put profits before human security by allowing weapons to get into the hands of those who would use them to commit war crimes , crimes against humanity , genocide or other serious violations of human rights . It sounds so simple . It sounds so right . But far too often profits trump government commitments to upholding international human rights and humanitarian law . As the Bosnian activist would attest , the long-lasting consequences of this greed can be devastating for women in particular . So , for the sake of all the women who live with constant insecurity -- the governments convening in New York in March must do the right thing . Put profits and narrow national interests aside and pave the path to peace and security for women by adopting an arms trade treaty with strong and fair rules for human rights protection for all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Widney Brown .	Once armed conflicts finish , undeclared war on women continues , says Widney Brown The proliferation of weapons facilitates acts of rape and torture , she says On March 18 , the final negotiations for an arms trade treaty will begin in New York Brown says an effective arms trade treaty is vital in ending the war on women
CNN  -- A Florida judge has signed an emergency "  pickup order " authorizing law enforcement officers to get the 5-year-old son of country singer Mindy McCready , a court spokeswoman said Thursday . Earlier this week , McCready was told in a different court order to return the child -- of whom she does not have legal custody -- to authorities . The child was not brought in , prompting Judge James H. Seals to sign the emergency order around 4 p.m. Thursday , said Sheila Mann , a spokeswoman for Florida 's 20th Judicial Circuit court . "  The child is now an official missing person , " said Aimee McLaughlin , a spokeswoman for the Children 's Network of Southwest Florida , the lead agency for child welfare services McCready has not been charged with any crime . The latest order means that law enforcement officers now have the right to take custody of her son , Zander , who she has said is with her , even if he is not in Florida , McLaughlin explained . The 36-year-old singer never contacted the Children 's Network after the initial court order , according to McLaughlin . And 20th Judicial Court official Penelope Rose also said late Thursday afternoon that the singer had n't delivered the child to court authorities . The boy 's father , Billy McKnight , said that he talked with Zander by phone on Thursday night and said the boy "  sounded OK . " But McKnight said he was n't sure when he 'd see the boy again . "  I do n't know if  McCready  plans on bringing him back , " McKnight , himself a country singer , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell . "  She did n't lead me to believe that she was going to . " McCready 's parents have legal custody of the child , while the entertainer has visitation rights , said Terri Durdaller , spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Children and Families . A caseworker reported no problems during a visit last week , but that was not the case Tuesday , McLaughlin said . That day , a caseworker who went to the home of McCready 's father could not find McCready or the child , Durdaller said . The worker became "  concerned about the well-being " of the boy and contacted law enforcement , according to a report obtained from the Cape Coral Police Department . On Wednesday , McCready told HLN that her son is fine . Cape Coral police spokesman Lt. Tony Sizemore told CNN the issue was a "  civil matter " and there was no missing child alert . Meanwhile , McCready 's publicist issued a statement saying McCready "  has not been charged with illegal wrongdoing . " "  Ms. McCready 's number one priority has always been , and continues to be , the safety of her son , " publicist Kat Atwood said in the statement . "  The 5-year-old boy has been with his mother for more than 30 days ; law enforcement officials spoke with the child and saw Zander via Skype yesterday . " McCready has asked a court to have her son returned to her out of concern over his safety , Atwood said . With the emergency pickup order now official , local law enforcement will update the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the FBI 's National Crime Information Center about the case , according to McLaughlin . "  Once the child is located , we will make plans to bring the child back to the home of his maternal grandmother , which is the legally approved place , " she said . McLaughlin said that Zander 's safety was state authorities ' top concern . "  In any case , not just this one , we want to ensure the well-being of the child , " the spokeswoman said . McCready burst on the music scene in 1996 , with the debut album "  10,000 Angels " and the chart-topping country hit , "  Guys Do It All the Time . " In addition to romances with musician David Malloy and actor Dean Cain -- as well as admitting to an affair with baseball player Roger Clemens , which he did n't confirm or deny -- her official biography also touches on her career stalling as well as her "  explosive relationship " with McKnight . She has waged a public battle with drug addiction over the past several years , including being a participant in the 2009 season of the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew . " She was rushed to a Fort Myers , Florida , hospital last year , Cape Coral Hospital spokeswoman Karen Krieger said , after a 911 caller claimed the singer had overdosed . McCready is currently pregnant with twins , according to her publicist . Her official biography notes her 2010 "  triumphant return to her first love , music ... after an eight-year recording hiatus " with the album , "  I 'm Still Here . " McKnight , the father of her child , refused to speculate Thursday night on McCready 's current mental state or sobriety . He told HLN that he wants her to "  get herself healthy , " so the two can work together "  as two adults ... to make  their son 's  life better . " "  My biggest concern is the fact that Zander is used to being here in Florida , " said McKnight , referring to the state that he and the boy call home . "  I 'm worried about him just being moved around . "	NEW : The boy 's father does n't think McCready will bring the child to Florida "  The child is now an official missing person , " a child welfare spokeswoman says The order gives law enforcement the right to go anywhere to pick up the child , 5 McCready has visitation rights but does not have legal custody of the boy
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- We all know that vaccines save lives by protecting people against disease . What is less well-known is that vaccines also are an engine for economic growth -- far beyond their health benefits . I am reminded of this in Tanzania this week , where my organization , the GAVI Alliance , is hosting a conference for its partners . GAVI 's mission is to save children 's lives and protect people 's health by increasing access to immunization in developing countries . We do n't do this alone . We have many partners , including prominent companies that work closely with GAVI . They recognize that in addition to the humanitarian need , countries such as Tanzania are emerging markets that can fulfill their economic ambitions only if they also can ensure good health for their citizens . The private sector is a critical part of the equation . Our corporate partners know they can do well by doing good . Consider Tanzania . It has an ambitious five-year development plan that aims to transform the country into a middle-income economy by 2025 . The plan includes critical funding to ensure a healthy population by strengthening the health system , which will significantly improve child and maternal mortality rates . Tanzania already has begun this process by working closely with GAVI and its partners to significantly increase its routine vaccine coverage rates to above 90 % today from 79 % in 2001 , the year before GAVI began its work there , according to data from the World Health Organization and UNICEF . At the same time , Tanzania 's GDP growth has been astounding , rising to $ 23.7 billion last year from $ 10.2 billion in 2001 , according to the World Bank . See also : Trekking savannah to deliver vaccines Is there a connection ? Further study is needed in the case of Tanzania . But we know for a fact that vaccines -- in addition to saving lives and improving health -- are the cornerstone of a vibrant economy , fuel growth and serve as a magnet for foreign investment . Indeed , research has shown vaccines to be among the most cost-effective investments in global development . This has been borne out of several independent studies that look beyond the health impacts toward areas such as cognitive development , educational attainment , labor productivity and financial attainment . In other words , healthier children -- spurred by immunization -- attend school more often , learn more while they are there and remain in school longer . As adults , they therefore are more productive , earn more money , save and invest more , and live longer . Healthier children also spread less disease through the adult population , further increasing productivity . See also : Fighting cancer with cell phones : Innovation to save lives in Africa These academic papers , including one recently published that focuses on how to measure the economic benefits of the HPV vaccine , are getting noticed in African countries -- not only by health ministers , but also by finance ministers and other officials . For instance , I attended a landmark meeting in Tunis in July organized by the African Development Bank , where its President Donald Kaberuka brought together a variety of ministers and experts to discuss how to allocate budgets and make healthcare a national priority . I was in Tunis because of the wide recognition that immunization can be the high-octane fuel that leads to increased trade , capital infrastructure projects and technological improvement . This brings me back to the private sector and the benefits many companies now see in playing a role in supporting global health , including immunization services . One benefit , of course , is humanitarian . The GAVI Alliance -- with help from partners such as UNICEF , WHO , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , the World Bank and donors -- has helped countries immunize 370 million people , saving more than 5.5 million lives since 2000 . GAVI now is in the midst of helping immunize another quarter billion people , which could save an additional 4 million lives by 2015 . The private sector is involved , providing core business skills to tackle key obstacles to immunization in the developing world . For example , GAVI is working with a leading telecommunications company to explore the use of its mobile technology with hopes of improving vaccine stock management in implementing countries and alerting parents when children are due for vaccines . GAVI is constantly looking for partners to lend their business savvy to help us accomplish our mission . An increasing number of them are responding , compassionate in their outlook while aware of the underlying economic value of vaccines . They understand that this is the highest return on investment they could ever make . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Seth Berkley .	"  Vaccines the cornerstone of a vibrant economy , " says Seth Berkley Healthier children attend school more and are more productive as adults GAVI Alliance aims to increas access to immunization in developing countries Private sector providing business skills to tackle obstacles to immunization , says Berkley
CNN  -- Aid organizations have deployed emergency response teams to Haiti and appealed for donations after the Caribbean nation was was struck by a devastating earthquake described by local officials as a "  catastrophe of major proportions . " The magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck southern Haiti on Tuesday , knocking down buildings and inflicting a new catastrophe on the western hemisphere 's poorest nation . Humanitarian charity Oxfam said Wednesday it was rushing rescue teams to the country from around the region to provide clean water , sanitation , shelter and emergency supplies and called for donations to fund its efforts . Impact Your World : How you can help "  At this stage it is too early to tell the severity of the earthquake in Haiti , but the early signs are not good with communications down across the country , " said Jane Cocking , humanitarian director of Oxfam . Kristie van de Wetering , a former Oxfam employee based in the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince , said the situation in the capital was "  very chaotic " with many buildings reduced to rubble . "  We can hear people calling for help from every corner . The aftershocks are ongoing and making people very nervous , " she said . The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said volunteers in Haiti were assisting the injured and supporting hospitals which had been overwhelmed by the disaster . It said it had enough supplies in Haiti for 3,000 families . Experts in disaster response are due to arrive in the country later Wednesday to coordinate international relief efforts , it said . "  The most urgent needs at this time are search and rescue , field hospitals , emergency health , water purification , emergency shelter , logistics and telecommunications , " the group said in a statement . The quake struck about 15 km  10 miles  southwest of Port-au-Prince shortly before 5 p.m. local time , cutting off communications across much of the country . "  Port-au-Prince is devastated , lot of deaths . SOS . SOS ... , " wrote Louise Ivers , the clinical director of medical charity Partners In Health , in an e-mail to the group 's offices in Boston , Massachusetts . She added : "  Temporary field hospital ... needs supplies , pain meds , bandages . Please help us . " Raymond Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the U.S. , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer by telephone that the country was going throug "  I 'm calling on all friends of Haiti and people who are listening to me to please come to our aid , " said Raymond Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the U.S. told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer by telephone . "  Today as Haiti is going through the worst day in its history I am calling for all others who got help from us in the beginning to help in support , " Joseph said . "  The only thing I can do now is pray and hope for the best . " Singer Wyclef Jean , nephew of ambassador Joseph , stressed the need for help for what is considered among the poorest nations in the Western Hemisphere . "  We 're going to need immediate aid , " Jean told Blitzer on CNN . "  We 're going to need the United States and the international community to react immediately . " He founded Yele Haiti , whose community service programs include food distribution and emergency relief . In Washington U.S. President Barack Obama said the government would "  stand ready to assist the people of Haiti . " At the Pentagon , the U.S. military said humanitarian aid was being prepared for shipping , but it was not yet clear where or how it would be sent . A U.S. aviation source said the control tower at the Port-au-Prince international airport collapsed , possibly hindering efforts to fly relief supplies into the country . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that Washington is offering "  our full assistance " to Haiti . "  And our prayers are with the people who have suffered , their families and their loved ones , " she said . The deputy chief of the U.S. mission in Haiti , David Lindwall , told Clinton that he saw "  significant damage " from the quake and said U.S. officials there expect "  serious loss of life , " Crowley said . And Clinton 's husband , former U.S. President Bill Clinton -- now the U.N. special envoy for Haiti -- said the world body was "  committed to do whatever we can to assist the people of Haiti in their relief , rebuilding and recovery efforts . " Haiti 's government is backed by a U.N. peacekeeping mission established after the ouster of former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 2004 . The United States has been heavily involved in Haiti commercially , politically and militarily for most of the last century . U.S. intervention under Clinton restored Aristide to power in 1994 after a 1991 coup , and a U.S. jet hustled him out of the country again in 2004 following a rapidly spreading uprising against his government . With people stripping the trees for fuel and to clear land for agriculture , the mountainous countryside has been heavily deforested . That has led to severe erosion and left Haitians vulnerable to massive landslides when heavy rains fall . Roads in Haiti were unsafe to travel on because of a lack of lighting and because many buildings along transportation routes had collapsed or were not deemed safe , said Ian Rodgers of the relief organization Save the Children . "  What I can hear is very distressed people , " Rogers said . "  There is a lot of distress and wailing of people trying to find loved ones . " A representative for the aid group Catholic Relief Services in Haiti described the situation in the nation as "  a total disaster , " said Robyn Fieser , regional information officer for the group . Haiti 's dense population will increase the risk to its people , Jean said . The nation 's need for aid will range from water and food to medical and building supplies . "  This is the worst devastation that we as Haitian people have faced , " he said . Hurricane Gordon killed more than 1,000 people in 1994 , while Hurricane Georges killed more than 400 and destroyed the majority of the country 's crops in 1998 . And in 2004 , Hurricane Jeanne killed more than 3,000 people even as it passed north of Haiti , with most of the deaths in the northwestern city of Gonaives . Gonaives was hit heavily again in 2008 when four tropical systems passed through . According to the U.N. Office for the Special Envoy for Haiti , unemployment reaches 70 percent nationally , and 78 percent of Haitians live on less than $ 2 a day . CNN 's Edvige Jean-Francois , Shasta Darlington , Deb Feyerick , Matt Smith , Mike Mount and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	"  Temporary field hospital ... needs supplies , pain meds , bandages , " doctor writes U.S. military says humanitarian aid was being prepared for shipping Haitian ambassador to the United States describes "  worst day " in Haitian history Save the Children : Lack of lighting , collapsed routes render roads unsafe Catholic Relief Services describes situation as "  a total disaster "
CNN  -- Development in Bahrain has not been slow . In half a century , the small Gulf Island has grown from a hilly , desert landscape with 143,000 inhabitants to an overcrowded metropolis of 1.2 million residents . The most striking change , however , has been topographical . Up until the 1960s , the country boasted the world 's largest collection of prehistoric burial mounds -- an archaeological wonder left over from the 4,000-year-old Dilmun civilization . In the decades that followed , 90 % of these funerary hills fell victim to housing and infrastructure pressure , and were demolished to make room for causeways and residential estates . "  It 's a really important archive , " notes Steffen Laursen , an archaeologist with the Moesgaard Museum who has been excavating a collection referred to as the "  royal " mounds in the northern district of A'ali . The royal mounds are so called because of their stature -- many measure 40 feet in height . The entombed , however , ranged from community leaders to the heads of commercial dynasties . Aside from the sheer breadth of mounds -- at their peak they numbered 76,000 -- their importance rests in their age , rarity and what they reveal about ancient society . Laursen has found that that the oldest mounds date from 2050 BC , when Dilmun  the name the Sumerians used to refer to the country  was little more than a collection of tribes , to 1750 BC , by which time it had morphed into an economic powerhouse in the region . Read more : Mysterious structure found at bottom of ancient lake "  People 's lives and the development of their society are frozen in these cemeteries in a way you do n't see anywhere else . I see them as a unique laboratory for the study of social improvements . It 's really an important archive , " he says . Unfortunately , the mounds have for decades been at odds with development in the country . Bahrain is only 760 square kilometers yet it has the third highest population density in the world . "  There is huge pressure to build houses for the expanding population . It 's an issue that 's probably present in other counties , but it 's exacerbated in Bahrain because of how little land is available , " says Robert Killick , an archaeologist who in the 1990s led excavations of a settlement near the burial field at Saar in the northwest . Killick remembers leaving the site only to return and find a set of particularly impressive mounds bulldozed by a private developer . "  Bahrain 's archeology department was able to carry out a little rescue work , but it was minimal , and over a very short time span , " he recalls . "  Now , it 's a wasteland of flattened land with half-built houses on it . " Britta Rudolff , the managing director at Think Heritage ! , an organization working with the Ministry of Culture to secure heritage status , points out that the sheer percentage of land the mounds covered makes preservation a thorny , and at times unfeasible prospect . "  Housing is a strong need here . There are a good number of young families looking for flats , who in the meantime are forced to live with their parents . The need for development and the use of cultural resources needs to be balanced in a useful way , " she says . In the last five years , however , there 's been a push by Bahrain 's Ministry of Culture to better preserve the country 's national treasures . Video : Reviving ` lost ' Ottoman cuisine "  Bahrain feels a huge responsibility to preserve the remaining mounds , and to transfer them to future generations , " says Rudolff , who estimates that should UNESCO approve their petition , the mounds should be granted protection by 2016 . "  We hope that the concept will also allow the communities near the fields to gain a financial benefit . " Some experts , however , argue the bulk of damage has already been done . "  It 's really too little , too late , " says Killick . "  When I worked in Bahrain in the 1990s and saw what happened to the burial field at Saar , I thought , in 20 years , Bahrain will be concrete from one side of the island to the other . It 's only when a society looks back and realizes its heritage is gone that it truly understands what it has lost . "	Bahrain has the largest collection of prehistoric burial mounds in the world Some of the mounds date back to 2050 BC Housing strain has led to the demolition of 90 % of the mounds Bahrain has nominated the remaining mounds for World Heritage status
CNN  Could clues that police found in a hideaway outside Paris lead investigators to the lone remaining suspect in last week 's terror attacks ? Investigators discovered ISIS flags , automatic weapons , detonators and cash in an apartment , France 's RTL Radio reported Sunday , citing authorities . They say the apartment had been rented by Amedi Coulibaly , who was killed during a police rescue operation to end his siege at a kosher grocery store in Paris , where authorities say he killed four hostages on Friday . But police say his partner -- and alleged co-conspirator -- Hayat Boumeddiene -- is still on the run . The last place authorities spotted her was somewhere near Turkey 's border with Syria . And forensics teams have been examining the apartment in the Paris suburb of Gentilly to determine whether Boumeddiene , 26 , might have stayed there before her escape , RTL reported . Coulibaly had rented the apartment from January 4 to January 11 , police said , according to RTL . Police began looking into the apartment after the Thursday slaying of a policewoman in the Paris district of Montrouge , the station reported . Coulibaly was also behind that attack , authorities say . And the car in which he allegedly fled the crime scene was ditched in Arcueil , near the hideout , RTL said . After abandoning the car , Coulibaly boarded a train , police told RTL . The details about the hideout came as millions gathered at a massive rally Sunday in France , where world leaders , dignitaries and everyday citizens alike joined "  unity rallies " in defiance of the terror rampage . Up to 3.7 million people marched throughout France Sunday , the spokesman for the country 's mission to the United Nations said , describing it as the largest mobilization in his nation 's history . Beyond France 's borders , demonstrators showed their support with rallies around the world . At the Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills , California , audience members gave the president of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association a standing ovation when he referenced the attacks , vowing to stand against "  anyone who would repress free speech anywhere from North Korea to Paris . " As he received a lifetime achievement award , actor George Clooney described Sunday 's demonstrations and their rallying cry . "  Today was an extraordinary day , " he said . "  There were millions of people that marched -- not just in Paris , but around the world . And they were Christians and Jews and Muslims . They were leaders of countries all over the world . And they did n't march in protest . They marched in support of the idea that we will not walk in fear . We wo n't do it . So , je suis Charlie . " In Paris , police said no incidents had been reported despite the record number of people involved in the march there . France remained on high alert as authorities pieced together who was behind last week 's attacks -- and warned of the threat of more violence . French law enforcement officers have been told to erase their social media presence and carry weapons at all times because terror sleeper cells have been activated in the country , a police source said . The source told CNN that the cells were activated in the past 24 hours . And it 's not just French police that are concerned . Officials in the New York City Police Department and other law enforcement personnel across the United States responded to a threat from ISIS after someone re-released a September 2014 message that tells followers to "  rise up and kill intelligence officers , police officers , soldiers , and civilians , " specifically naming the United States , France , Australia and Canada as targets . According to an NYPD memo obtained by CNN , department employees were told to "  remain alert and consider tactics at all times while on patrol , " especially in light of the attacks in France last week . The FBI and Department of Homeland Security issued a similar bulletin to law enforcement across the United States . Meanwhile , French investigators continued efforts to delve into the attackers ' backgrounds and track down Boumeddiene , the lone remaining suspect wanted in the terrorism rampage that left 17 people dead in three days last week . The clues from his apparent hideaway are n't the only information authorities have about Coulibaly . A video circulating on jihadist websites shows him pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Weapons including a rifle serve as a backdrop for the video , and an ISIS flag is prominently displayed during portions of the video . Coulibaly identifies himself as "  Abou Bassir AbdAllah al-Irfiqi " and a "  soldier of the Caliphate , " while warning the West , "  You attack the Caliph , you attack ISIS , we attack you . You ca n't attack and not get back anything in return . " It 's unclear when all the video was shot . "  The U.S. intelligence community is aware of the video and is reviewing it to determine its authenticity , " said Brian Hale , spokesman for the U.S. director of national intelligence , James Clapper . According to a source , Coulibaly made several phone calls about targeting police officers in France . Long before they stormed into the offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine last week and killed 12 people , French authorities were watching Said and Cherif Kouachi . But despite red flags , authorities lost interest in them , L'Express magazine reported . Tipped off by U.S. intelligence agencies that Said Kouachi may have traveled to Yemen , France placed him under surveillance in November 2011 but terminated the scrutiny last year when it deemed him no longer dangerous , according to L'Express national security reporter Eric Pelletier , who said he talked to multiple French officials . The surveillance of his brother Cherif terminated at the end of 2013 when his phone calls suggested he had disengaged from violent extremism and was focused on counterfeiting clothing and shoes . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , responding to a reported claim of responsibility by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in the Charlie Hebdo attack , told CNN there was no "  credible information " on who sponsored the violence . And U.S. officials Sunday said American authorities do n't have evidence yet directly linking al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  to ordering the attack . But they 're assuming that Said Kouachi met American terrorist cleric Anwar al-Awlaki at some point in Yemen and received orders from AQAP to carry out an attack , a U.S. official told CNN . The official said Kouachi 's motivation for waiting so long to launch the attack was not clear . The Kouachi brothers were killed Friday in a shootout with French security forces outside of Paris . And investigators are still trying to track down their ties that may have helped them before last week 's rampage . On Sunday , a spokeswoman for Pitie Salpetriere Hospital in Paris said Farid Benyettou , a well-known spiritual leader believed to have radicalized Cherif Kouachi , had been working as a nurse trainee at the hospital until last Friday . Meanwhile , an incendiary device was hurled at a German newspaper that reprinted the Charlie Hebdo cartoons . No one was in the building at the time of the attack early Sunday . The arson attack at the Hamburger Morgenpost occurred about 2 a.m. , the newspaper said on its website . The device was thrown into the archive section of the building , setting it on fire . It 's unclear whether the arson attack is connected to the Charlie Hebdo attack . The German paper reprinted Charlie Hebdo cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed after the attack on the satirical magazine 's offices in Paris . The Anonymous hacking collective has vowed to retaliate for the Charlie Hebdo attack . "  We intend to take revenge in their name , we are going to survey your activities on the net , we are going to shut down your accounts on all social networks , " a video from the group said Friday . In online forums Sunday , they said they claimed to have blocked at least one jihadist website . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Faith Karimi and Radina Gigova reported from Atlanta , while journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Gloria Borger , Barbara Starr , Nic Robertson , Al Goodman , Tim Lister , Margot Haddad , Dominique Dodley , Lorenzo Ferrigno , Laurie Segall and Evan Perez and translator Eric King contributed to this report .	George Clooney 's Golden Globes speech describes Paris demonstration as "  extraordinary " Automatic weapons , detonators , cash and ISIS flags found in hideout , radio station reports Official : 3.7 million people march in demonstrations throughout France
CNN  -- For much of the last century , people in the small town of Libby , Montana , were surrounded by toxic asbestos . It covered patches of grass , dusted the tops of cars and drifted through the air in a hazy smoke that became a part of their daily lives . The W.R. Grace plant in Libby , Montana , in an undated photograph . It closed in 1990 . Now , after decades of suffering and watching loved ones die , area residents are getting their day in court . Federal prosecutors have begun a trial of the mining company they blame for the pollution , which doctors say left more than 1,000 people ill and more than 200 dead . "  There 's never been a case where so many people were sickened or killed by environmental crime , " says David Uhlmann , who helped spearhead the case when he was the Justice Department 's top prosecutor of environmental crimes before stepping down in 2007 . "  It 's the most significant environmental criminal prosecution that 's ever been brought . " Donald Munsel , a 71-year-old Libby resident , told CNN on Monday that the legal efforts "  should have been over a long time ago . " Munsel says he has suffered from lung cancer linked to asbestos exposure . Those who lost loved ones were among the first witnesses at the trial . Arguments began last week at the federal courthouse in Missoula , Montana . They said the town was kept in the dark about the dangers . One woman said that as kids , she and friends would light up the toxic dust and even "  put it in our mouths , " CNN affiliate KPAX-TV of Missoula reported . Until 1990 , W.R. Grace & Company operated a mine in Libby that produced vermiculite , a substance used in all sorts of products , from insulation to fertilizers . The vermiculite was contaminated with tremolite asbestos -- a particularly toxic form linked to numerous illnesses including mesothelioma , a cancer that can attack the lining of the lungs , abdomen , or heart . The government 's indictment alleges that W.R. Grace conspired to "  knowingly release " the asbestos . It says the company tried to hide the dangers from employees and residents , leaving them "  in imminent danger of death or serious bodily injury . " "  It was a purpose of the conspiracy to conceal and misrepresent the hazardous nature of the tremolite asbestos contaminated vermiculite , thereby enriching defendants and others , " the indictment reads . And the indictment says W.R. Grace tried to "  defraud the United States and others by impairing , impeding , and frustrating " the Environmental Protection Agency and other government agencies once they launched an investigation in 1999 . The 10-count indictment also includes charges of wire fraud and obstruction of justice . If convicted , the company could face criminal fines of up to $ 280 million -- twice the value of its profits from the mine . Five executives who are named as defendants could face prison time . Prosecutors plan to try a sixth executive separately . Company denies conspiracy The company does not deny that asbestos emanated from its plant . Nor does it question whether some people were sickened and killed , though a definitive number of deaths linked to the vermiculite plant probably will never be known . But W.R. Grace denies any kind of conspiracy . In fact , the company says , it acted responsibly and took appropriate steps . Main Street in Libby , Montana . Some residents say the town was kept in the dark about asbestos dangers . In a statement when the indictment was issued in 2005 , W.R. Grace said it "  categorically denies any criminal wrongdoing . " That statement came before the company launched a series of legal challenges that went as far as the U.S. Supreme Court . In response to questions from CNN , W.R. Grace said at the time that it was acting as a good corporate citizen and had voluntarily paid millions of dollars in medical bills for 900 Libby residents . Both sides are now respecting the request of U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy that they not speak to the media . In the courtroom , defense attorneys have noted that the asbestos problem dates back to about 1920 -- long before W.R. Grace took over the mine in 1963 . Attorneys say that as information about the asbestos came to light , the company took numerous steps to mitigate the dangers and were open about it . W.R. Grace followed a "  plan " that was in no way "  hush hush , " and was subject to government inspection , defense attorney David Bernick told the jury , according to KPAX . The defense also says the government had "  vast information " about asbestos in Libby before the EPA came along in 1999 to launch an investigation . Deputy U.S. Attorney Kris McLean told the jury that the the trial is about "  holding this company and these officials accountable for a very serious wrong , " KPAX reported . The government says internal memos from the company will help make the prosecution 's case . In testimony that began last week , residents described the clouds of smoke that would emanate from the mine and drop dust across the town . "  Vermiculite was all over the ground " at the mine 's export plant , said Cameron Foote , a minister from the nearby town of Troy . He said he "  did n't see any hazard " and would walk through the piles "  without his shoes " on , KPAX reported . He also said the vermiculite was mixed with wood chips and covered the ground under the bleachers and dugouts at baseball fields . Residents cope with illness CNN visited Libby in 2000 and met Dan and Della Schnetter , who described their devastation when Dan became seriously ill at age 38 , after he had stopped working at the mine . Both his lungs filled with fluid , and he was diagnosed with asbestosis , a lung disease caused by asbestos particles Had he known of the dangers , "  I would n't have raised my children here . I would not have . I would n't have took them up on the hill to breathe the same stuff I was breathing , " he said . Health problems can occur years after exposure to asbestos . The Schnetters filed a suit against the company . It was among dozens that were settled . "  My dad , he is still alive , " the Schnetters ' daughter , Jessica Holcomb , told CNN on Monday . "  His lungs have gotten worse , but he 's not on oxygen yet . We just pray to the Lord and take one day at a time . " Art and Helen Bundrock and four of their five children were diagnosed with asbestosis . "  We just grew up with it . It was always there , " Helen Bundrock said . "  The kids always liked to go with Dad in his rigs because you could play tic-tac-toe . " She added , "  they called it a nuisance dust , the company did . " But Alan Stringer , who was a project manager at the mine , told CNN in 2000 , "  From the time Grace understood that there was a problem , there was a continuous movement of minimizing the risk to the employees . " Stringer was named as a defendant in the case , but he died in 2007 . Speaking to CNN on Monday , Helen Bundrock said that she is now on oxygen . Her oldest child , Bill , is in his mid-50s and goes "  off and on oxygen , " she said . Bill had also worked at the mine . The other children are doing well overall , though she said that their fifth child , a daughter , also was diagnosed with asbestosis . She blames the company . "  I feel kind of sorry for those people . They have to live with themselves . I know there 's a much higher judge , and they will be facing him sometime , " she said . Squaring off in court Reporters in the courtroom have noted a striking frequency of objections by the defense . Many involve the critical issue of timing . Judge Molloy has ruled in the defense 's favor that the government must prove a conspiracy took place after the Clean Air Act took effect in 1990 . And due to the statute of limitations , the government needs to demonstrate that criminal conduct occurred in 1999 or later , former prosecutor Uhlmann told CNN . He called timing "  one of the big challenges the government has in the case . " The trial has seen some courtroom drama . In one tense exchange , the EPA 's cleanup coordinator for Libby , Paul Peronard , accused defense attorney Bernick of spouting "  nonsense . " Peronard also testified that his dog ate a piece of evidence -- a notebook that might have contained relevant information , KPAX reported . The trial is expected to last for months . Yet residents of Libby have gotten used to waiting . Generations after the town began suffering , 10 years after the EPA launched its investigation , and four years after the indictment was issued , stricken families are watching to see who may ultimately be held accountable .	Federal prosecutors blame mining company for asbestos pollution Doctors say pollution killed at least 200 and sickened at least 1,000 Government says company knowingly covered up dangers W.R. Grace has said it "  categorically denies any criminal wrongdoing "
As the political situation in Thailand worsens with deaths on Bangkok 's streets this week , CNN takes a look at the root causes of the protests , and what the latest developments might mean for the country 's political future . Who is protesting and why ? Unlike the 2010 protests , which saw red-shirted supporters of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra turn out in force , this time around it is opponents of his younger sister Yingluck Shinawatra 's government who are protesting in the capital . As with previous protests , the country is largely divided between a younger , educated urban middle-class and a conservative class of poor rural voters , largely from the north of the country . It is the former group who have taken to the streets and are currently battling the police after months of deepening political division . The protestors , led by Suthep Thaugsuban -- a deputy prime minister in the previous Abhisit Vejjajiva-led government -- rejected YIngluck 's poll in early February and are calling for the creation of an unelected "  people 's council " headed by a premier appointed by Thailand 's king . What triggered the current crisis ? Yingluck 's prime ministership was largely stable until her party attempted to pass a controversial amnesty bill in November . The bill would have nullified former Prime Minister Thaksin 's corruption conviction and would have allowed him to return to the country . The policeman-turned-tycoon has been living in exile in a number of different locations , most recently Dubai , since he was removed in a bloodless coup in 2006 . He briefly returned to Thailand in 2008 . Later that year , he was convicted by a Thai court of corruption and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison over a controversial land deal . Courts have also frozen billions of dollars of his assets , but he is believed to still have a great deal of money held elsewhere . What is Thaksin 's role in the current crisis ? While he technically plays no part in the current political situation , the deeply-divisive Thaksin is never far from the heart of Thai politics , communicating with supporters via social media and video messages . With his younger sister in power since 2011 , his influence remains strong . Critics say Yingluck is Thaksin 's proxy but she insists she has always been independent . The current protests were sparked by attempts by her government to enact the amnesty law that opponents said was designed to protect him and others , facilitating his return to the country -- and ultimately , to an active role in Thai politics . Why are Thai protests in the news so often ? The country has had a restive history since the dissolution of its absolute monarchy in 1932 . There have been a dozen military coups d'etat over the years , most notably in 1947 , and again in the 1970s , which led to the creation of a new constitution . The most recent military coup was in 2006 , which led to the ouster of Thaksin . Civilian rule was restored with a Thaksin-linked civilian government in charge but protests in 2008 -- including the blockade of the capital 's airports -- eventually led to the creation of a coalition government . 2009-10 saw pro-Thaksin supporters , known as the red shirts , take to the streets and demand fresh elections , eventually leading to Yingluck 's election -- which brings us to the current situation . What impact did the February 2 election have ? Under pressure , Yingluck dissolved parliament and called for new elections at the beginning of February . These were disrupted by protestors , particularly in the capital and in the south of the country . Ahead of the elections , Suthep -- the leader of the protests -- urged his supporters to boycott the poll and recently petitioned the Constitutional Court to annul the election . They were not successful and while the results are still in doubt , the country is being ruled by an interim government headed by Yingluck , but one that lacks absolute authority . What role is the Thai king playing in all this ? Despite the turbulent nature of Thailand 's democratic political scene the country is home to the world 's longest-serving monarch . Bhumibol Adulyadej , aged 86 , is universally revered in Thailand but prefers to remain ostensibly neutral in matters of government , although he called for national unity in his birthday speech in December . What caused the latest flare-up ? After a period of relative calm -- and a feeling that appetite for the protests was dying down -- trouble has flared up again this week as police in the capital tried to reclaim official government sites occupied by protestors . Reacting to the attempted eviction , around 6,000 demonstrators were estimated to be on the streets of the city Tuesday . An outbreak of violence that day saw five people -- including at least two protestors and a police office -- killed in central Bangkok . Following police action in which tear gas was fired in an attempt to disperse crowds of demonstrators in the streets , people among the protesters began firing guns at police , who responded with both rubber bullets and live fire . 15,000 police are said to have been mobilized in the latest operations . Seventy-three people -- both police officers and opposition supporters -- have been wounded in recent clashes . Will the military step in ? Up until now the military has resisted calls from the protestors to intervene on their behalf , and it seems that its current leadership lacks the appetite for regime change . However , the country 's army chief , General Prayuth Chan-ocha , has not ruled out the possibility that the military will intervene if violence on the streets of Bangkok worsens . What 's the story with the rice-pledging scheme ? The political crisis took on a new twist when a subsidy program that benefited rice farmers -- part of Yingluck 's base -- was decried as corrupt by opposition leaders . The scheme was a centerpiece of Yingluck 's election platform and has been beset with payment problems . Yingluck criticized her opponents for politicizing the issue , but this week the country 's National Anti-Corruption Commission  NACC  announced their decision to charge her with "  dereliction of duty , " which could have serious implications for her retention of the premiership . She is expected to answer the charge on February 27 , according to the Bangkok Post . Is Thailand safe ? In the run-up to the elections several countries issued travel advisories for tourists and in the wake of this week 's fatalities it is likely that these precautions will be used more frequently . Reports of office closures in Bangkok on Tuesday and Wednesday have been received by CNN as the situation on the ground escalates .	Escalating violence in Bangkok as five confirmed dead on Tuesday Disputed election at beginning of February did little to pacify opposition Military refuses to rule out intervention in face of worsening violence Embattled interim PM Yingluck Shinawatra to be investigated over rice subsidies
Pope Francis has told a Spanish newspaper that he prefers not to use a bulletproof Popemobile despite the dangers of an assassination attempt because it is a glass "  sardine can " that walls him off from people . "  It 's true that anything could happen , but let 's face it , at my age I do n't have much to lose , " he told Barcelona newspaper La Vanguardia in an interview published Friday and reported on in English by Vatican Radio . "  I know that something could happen to me , but it 's in the hands of God . " Since an assassination attempt on then-Pope John Paul II in 1981 , the head of the Roman Catholic Church has customarily used the custom-made glass-sided Popemobile when in public . But Francis has taken his own approach to transport since assuming the papacy last year -- creating a headache for those tasked with ensuring his security . On a trip to Brazil , he climbed into a silver hatchback Fiat for the drive from the airport to downtown Rio de Janeiro . Along the route , the vehicle became pinned between a bus and a crush of well-wishers who were reaching into the car to touch the Pope . Security was stepped up after that incident . He 's also used an open-topped vehicle , rather than the enclosed , bulletproof version preferred by Benedict , for tours through crowds of the faithful in St. Peter 's Square . The Pope 's recent trip to the Holy Land , during which he made stops in Jordan , the West Bank and Jerusalem , is likely to have posed additional significant security challenges . But he sees being able to speak with and meet people directly as a key part of his pastoral role as pontiff . Another Pope Emeritus ? In the interview with La Vanguardia , Francis also did not rule out following in the footsteps of his predecessor in the role , Benedict XVI , who stood down from the papacy citing age and frailty . Francis described Benedict 's retirement as a "  great gesture " which opened the door to the creation of an institution of Pope Emeritus , as Benedict is now known , according to Vatican Radio . "  As we live longer , we get to an age at which we can not carry on with things , " Francis said . "  I will do the same as he did : ask the Lord enlighten me when the moment comes and tell me what I have to do , and he will tell me for sure . " He speaks too of his commitment to interfaith relations and his hopes for Middle East peace . Asked finally how he would like to be remembered in history , Francis said he had n't thought about it , according to Vatican Radio . "  But , " he said , "  I like it when you recall someone and say , ` he was a good guy , he did what he could , and he was not that bad . ' With that , I would be content . " Historic attack Would-be assassin Mehmet Ali Agca shot John Paul II in the abdomen , arm and hand , as he was driven through St Peter 's Square , Rome on May 13 , 1981 . The then-Pope suffered life-threatening injuries in the attack , but recovered after undergoing major surgery ; he later forgave Agca after meeting him in prison . Agca , who has never fully explained the reasons behind his attempt to kill John Paul II , was jailed for life ; he was pardoned in 2000 after almost 20 years behind bars , and deported back to Turkey . The gun is currently on loan to the John Paul II Museum in his hometown , Wadowice . John Paul II was canonized , or made a saint , in April , along with Pope John XXIII . Holy rollers : Popemobiles , from trucks to limos Public transport to popemobile , Bergoglio 's journey	Pope Francis says the enclosed , bulletproof Popemobile walls him off from the people "  Let 's face it , at my age I do n't have much to lose , " he tells a Spanish newspaper Francis says Benedict 's retirement was a "  great gesture , " does not rule out doing same
CNN  She is n't forgotten but it 's safe to say that Victoria Azarenka has n't been in tennis ' spotlight in the last year . Azarenka only played 15 matches in 2014 after last year 's Australian Open thanks to injuries to both feet and a right knee . And unsurprisingly , her ranking has tumbled from No. 2 to outside the top 40 . Twice a champion in Melbourne , the 25-year-old entered her first-round encounter against Sloane Stephens unseeded . Stephens has also seen better days , including in 2013 when the pair met not in the first round but in the semifinals at the year 's opening major . It was perhaps the most enticing first-round tussle of the tournament but Azarenka ensured the hype bettered the actual match as she eased past the American -- whose tag of next-big-thing in women 's tennis is n't yet materializing -- 6-3 6-2 in 75 minutes . Azarenka wo n't be in the shadows much longer if she can replicate Tuesday 's performance . "  From the beginning I started to be pretty focused and just maintained that intensity , " Azarenka told reporters . "  So that was a good opportunity to just really at the beginning take my chances because she 's the kind of player that likes to take her chances . "  There is a lot to build from here . " Indeed Azarenka can take heart from her display but she knows she wo n't have much time to dwell on it , since her second-round foe is longtime pal and U.S. Open finalist Caroline Wozniacki . The Dane upended another young American , Taylor Townsend , 7-6  7-2  6-2 . "  Being an unseeded player , it 's not a surprise that I have a tough draw or tough opponents in the early round , " said Azarenka . "  I just need to go through that . I accept the challenges . "  She was showing some great tennis in the end of last year . I know she 's very dangerous . We always had some of tough matches . I would like to focus on myself and what I can do to build my game , to prepare as best as I can , and just compete . "  That 's my key word for this tournament : Compete . " Besides being former No. 1 players , Azarenka and Wozniacki share another thing in common -- going through high-profile splits last year . Whereas Wozniacki and golfer Rory McIlroy broke up , Azarenka and artist Redfoo went their separate ways . Azarenka trails Wozniacki 4-3 in their head-to-heads , although they 've only played one full match since 2010 , a victory for the Belorussian in Cincinnati in 2013 . "  It 's going to be tough , " Wozniacki said . "  She 's won here before . Not the easiest on paper . "  But at the same time I 'm just going to focus on myself , my own game . Honestly whether you have to beat her in the second round or fourth round , whatever , does n't matter if you want to win the tournament . " Women 's top-seed Serena Williams began with a 6-0 6-4 win over Belgium 's Alison van Uytvanck -- escaping a 0-30 hole on serve at 4-4 in the second set -- and reigning Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova eliminated Dutch qualifier Richel Hogenkamp 6-1 6-4 . Kvitova was relieved , since she fell to an outsider in the first round last year . "  I 'm glad that I did better than last year , " Kvitova told reporters . "  Of course , I mean , the nerves were there . "  During all match , I was still feeling the tightness and the legs were suddenly so heavy and I could n't really move . It was difficult , but I 'm glad I did it . That 's important . " Wawrinka , Djokovic move on On paper , world No. 1 Novak Djokovic and defending champion Stan Wawrinka are due to meet in the semifinals , and both began with three-set wins . Wawrinka , who stunned Djokovic last year on the way to opening his grand slam account , routed Turkey 's Marsel Ilhan 6-1 6-4 6-2 while Djokovic defeated Slovenia 's Aljaz Bedene -- a runner-up to Wawrinka in Chennai this month -- 6-3 6-2 6-4 after a slow start . "  I was happy to be back on the court , " Wawrinka told reporters . "  I can feel that I have a lot of support here , and it 's always nice to come back like that and to feel the crowd behind you . "  For sure it 's great , but it 's still the beginning of the tournament . First round . It 's just one match , now I need to be ready for the next one . " U.S. Open finalist Kei Nishikori , meanwhile , downed 2013 quarterfinalist Nicolas Almagro of Spain 6-4 7-6  1  6-2 . Almagro , whose ranking has plummeted from the top 15 because of foot and shoulder injuries , hit 50 unforced errors . Home fans had plenty of reason to cheer Monday after the likes of Thanasi Kokkinakis , Nick Kyrgios , Bernard Tomic and Jarmila Gajdosova won , and Tuesday brought more success . Australia 's top-ranked player , Samantha Stosur -- who has struggled at the Australian Open -- beat Romania 's Monica Niculescu 6-4 6-1 , with Lleyton Hewitt getting the better of China 's Zhang Ze 6-3 1-6 6-0 6-4 . Hewitt , 33 , set a tournament record when he stepped on court , making his 19th straight appearance . He continues to play tennis in the aftermath of several serious injuries .	Victoria Azarenka crushes Sloane Stephens in Melbourne Azarenka now faces Caroline Wozniacki , who topped another young American Stan Wawrinka begins his title defense with a straight-sets win Novak Djokovic , Serena Williams also ease into the second round
CNN  -- The recession in Europe is entering its fifth year and unemployment does n't look like it will be returning to normal levels anytime soon . In the countries with debt problems , especially Greece and Spain , unemployment skyrocketed in the last couple of years and is now at unprecedented levels . One in two young workers is out of a job . Are we losing a whole new generation of young workers ? Are we wasting hard-earned skills ? Some countries are actually doing better than in previous recessions . For instance , unemployment in Germany and the Netherlands is no longer a big problem . But the countries that are doing better tend also to be the countries whose sound fiscal finances allowed them to avoid a deep recession . It is clear unemployment will not recover fully before the debt crisis is over and Europe 's economy improves . Read more : Portuguese head to Mozambique to escape eurozone crisis The fiscal consolidation programs , although necessary in the long term , are making the unemployment problem worse -- and policy is needed to offset their impact on jobs . The policies needed to combat unemployment go against the thrust of fiscal consolidation ; it is not only an economic problem but a serious social problem . Read more : Spain braces for protests as budget cuts are unveiled Deep recession and high unemployment tear into the fabric of society . Unemployment causes misery to families , destroys their self-esteem and wastes their potential . It is both a waste and a regression . Jobless youth often feel rejected by society , and react either by withdrawing , by wasting themselves or by lashing out violently , as we have already seen in some southern countries . Spending money on policies that can combat the problem until the economy recovers is a good investment in the future of our societies . Read more : Greece : When anger goes beyond despair It is a better investment than building a new road or airport . The road construction can be postponed without lasting damage to the project ; a job can not be postponed without lasting damage to the person . Read more : Could derelict airport be Greece 's economic savior ? For the young , excluding the education and training budget from the fiscal consolidation programs is essential . I would go further during recession and stress the importance of increasing spending on training and job subsidies for new job creation . Two measures that helped Germany keep youth unemployment low are apprentice training and subsidized employment for young people , including self-employment . There is a lot of creativity and entrepreneurship in young people that can be unleashed if initial financing can be found . Governments can help in this , just as they help with student loans . I am in favor of extending the student loan scheme to start-ups by young people , subject to approval of the start-up by the appropriate government department . In recession the government should become the "  angel " of young entrepreneurs . Read more : Why Hollande must show clearer leadership Unfortunately if left alone employers will not create enough jobs in recession to keep unemployment low . Of course , to some this is the essence of recession but the jobless rate depends also on many other factors , not just on the fall in demand . Just as government should help reduce the impact of recession on unemployment through programs , workers and their unions should be prepared to take pay cuts and share out work in recession . The alternative is much worse : it shifts the burden of recession onto the few who have been unfortunate enough to lose their jobs . It is appalling to hear sometimes that even in recession there are people who earn overtime wages . Work should be shared out , even if it means lower pay for those who would have kept their jobs .	Germany keep youth unemployment low by apprentices and subsidized employment , writes Pissarides Pissarides says deep recession and high unemployment tear into the fabric of society The policies needed to combat unemployment in Europe go against the thrust of fiscal consolidation
CNN  It sounds like the plot for a science fiction movie . Someone has a horrific accident and winds up in the hospital , brain dead and on life support . Doctors approach the family about organ donation , but instead of saving as many as eight lives , the family is asked to donate the whole body to save just one individual . Perhaps a quadriplegic with a mind that outmatches their malfunctioning body . As crazy as this sounds , to put an entire head on a new body , a human body , Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says we are approaching HEAVEN  an acronym for head anastomosis venture ; anastomosis is surgically connecting two parts  . The pieces are coming together but there are still many hurdles to jump . Canavero says he has part of the funding secured , although he says he ca n't yet disclose where the money is coming from as a condition of the funding . He 's also taking the 2015 layman 's approach with crowd funding and book sales . He has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient . The 30-year-old Russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called Werdnig-Hoffman disease . Canavero says the man volunteered . The two men have talked via Skype but they have yet to meet in person and Canavero has not reviewed Spiridonov 's medical records . Canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure . Many of them are transsexuals who want a new body , he says . But he insists the first patients will be people who are suffering from a muscle wasting disease . Another big obstacle is the need for a partner . Canavero ca n't just do this in his own Frankenstein lab . He needs a major academic medical center to host this endeavor and he has his eyes set on the United States . He hopes to get a buy-in this summer when he presents his plan to the American Academy of Neurological and Orthopedic Surgeons , or AANOS , at its annual conference in June . He 's counting on getting the green light he needs for the first human whole head transplant to take place in 2017 . Nick Rebel , executive director of AANOS , says the group is not endorsing Canavero , it is simply giving him a platform to hear what he has to say . If Canavero does n't get the support he needs in the United States , he 'll look to China and his timeline will slide by a year . Once these pieces are in place , Canavero says he 'll put together a staff of 150 nurses and doctors . Many of them , like the patient , are already identified because they 've asked to be part of this team . Then they 'll need to practice for what is anticipated to be a 36-hour operation . "  I say two years is the time needed for the team to reach perfect synchronization , " Canavero speculates . But what about the science ? Is such an idea even plausible ? He says he has research that supports it . Canavero points to Dr. Robert White , who transplanted the head of one monkey to the body of another at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in 1970 . The monkey died after eight days , because the body rejected the new head . Before ithe monkey died , it could not move because the spinal cord of the head and body were not connected . The monkey also was unable to breathe on its own . The paper in which Canavero outlined his procedure references a different 1971 experiment White conducted with six monkey heads , none of which survived more than 24 hours . But Canavero says advances in science and medicine since then eliminate the problems White faced . Dr. Hunt Batjer , chairman of neurological surgery at UT Southwestern and president-elect of the American Association for Neurological Surgeons , says White 's research is not validation for a human head transplant . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a 45-year-old reference in a primate and there is no evidence that the spinal cord was anastomosed functionally , " he says . Batjer further explains that it 's a great leap to go from brain survival of the surgery to restoring body function , which White did not look at . Canavero is confident in his writing and in conversation . He cites White 's monkeys and even the success of German researchers who helped paralyzed rats walk , giving no pause to the fact that such research is more likely to go nowhere than to make it to human clinical trials . He published his paper in the free , online , medical journal Surgical Neurology International in 2013 . He walks readers through a scenario , outlining the key points that will make this work , including cooling the spinal cord before severing it . Doing so with an ultra-sharp blade will avoid the damage experienced by spinal cord injury patients , he says . He 'll use a "  magic ingredient " as a sealant to fuse the spinal cord back together and offers a few options for what that ingredient could be . The nerves , having been color-coded when separated , will be carefully aligned and this will all be done very quickly because time is key . An impossibility , according to Batjer . He conceded that the airway , the spine , the major veins and arteries , can all be put back together , but the spinal cord is the problem . He says the result would be the inability to move or breathe . "  I would not wish this on anyone , I would not allow anyone to do it to me , there are a lot of things worse than death , " Batjer says . The science is n't there to support this , says Arthur Caplan , Ph.D. , director of medical ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center . He says it 's nothing more than a big PR stunt , and calls Canavero "  nuts . " Caplan says this has to be done in many animals before it 's tried on humans . Caplan also points out that if Canavero can do this , he should first be helping paralyzed patients by fixing their spinal cords , before transplanting whole bodies . As for the patients , Caplan says , "  their bodies would end up being overwhelmed with different pathways and chemistry than they are used to and they 'd go crazy . " In his paper , Canavero says identity issues could be a problem as the head gets used to its new body . He also says pain could be a problem . As far as immunosuppression , Canavero points to today 's transplant successes as evidence this is not a problem . Caplan is n't buying it . He 's seen how difficult it is for his NYU colleagues who perform face transplants . The levels of anti-rejection medications required are so high they put patients at risk for cancer and kidney problems . He says it does n't make sense that you 'd poison a new body with immunosuppressant medications to make a head transplant work . Another issue Caplan has seen with face transplant patients is they do n't always get full function of their new organ . "  It 's not like you can unscrew your head and put it on someone else , " Caplan says . Dr. Robert Ruff , the Veterans Affairs national director for neurology , calls it farfetched and farcical , not to mention unlikely to work . He says this is more like centuries away , not years . "  It would be impossible to predict that far into the future , " Ruff says . Canavero insists , though , "  We can already do this . "	Dr. Sergio Canavero says he is two years away from performing the first total human head transplant The first patient will be a 30-year-old Russian man with a rare , genetic muscle wasting disease One ethicist says Canavero should be helping paralyzed patients walk before performing body transplants
CNN  -- Newer threats , such as pirate skiffs chasing freighters and desperate regimes mining harbors , have intensified the U.S. Navy 's need to handle an array of "  real-world " scenarios . Meeting the challenges requires robust training on the use of sonar and explosives and the testing of gear that will protect shipping and counter traditional naval forces . The environmental impact of those technologies resurfaced Friday with the publication of new estimates on the number of whales and dolphins off Hawaii and California that could die or be injured as a result of their use . The U.S. Pacific Fleet , in a draft study , said the use of sonar and explosives in those regions from 2014 to 2019 could cause up to 200 deaths and 1,600 injuries each year , including hearing loss , among marine mammals . The death estimates are based on the use of explosives or animals being struck by ships . But , Navy officials told CNN , those numbers -- a result of mathematical modeling -- are worst-case scenarios . "  We believe ... with our mitigation efforts and the Navy commitment that those injuries and mortalities will be none , " said John Van Name , U.S. Pacific Fleet senior environmental planner in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii . The National Marine Fisheries Service requires such data before it issues permits the Navy needs to conduct training and exercises . The Navy contends improved mitigation efforts , including the posting of lookouts and the practice of turning sonar power down or off when marine mammals are spotted , are making a difference . And , they said , today 's sailors are boarding vessels with environmental sensibilities . "  They have the awareness the entire nation has , " Van Name said . "  And they bring it with them . " At a time when officials expect training and testing to likely increase in the deep , blue waters off Hawaii and California , environmentalists are keeping a wary eye on the Navy . "  I am not saying they are not well-intentioned , " said Zak Smith , staff attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council . "  But I am not sure their choices make them the best environmental stewards they could be . " The debate over sonars and whales has gone on for years . It centers on balancing the need to defend the United States , while safeguarding its natural resources . It has also played out in court . In 2008 , for example , the U.S. Supreme Court lifted sanctions placed on the Navy over its underwater sonar testing . Environmental interests , said Chief Justice John Roberts for the majority , "  are plainly outweighed by the Navy 's need to conduct realistic training exercises to ensure that it is able to neutralize the threat posed by enemy submarines . " Smith argued that the use of lookouts aboard Navy ships is not fully effective . "  Most marine mammals do n't spend much time at the surface , " he said . "  When they do , you better have good weather conditions to see them . " Smith points to other consequences from the use of sonar and other acoustic sources off California and Hawaii . Government estimates for 2014 to 2019 indicate there may be about 2 million cases of temporary hearing loss among marine animals , Smith told CNN . "  Marine mammals use hearing the same way we use sight " to find food , he said . "  This kind of constant barrage and harassment is not a recipe for healthy populations , " Smith added . Van Name challenged Smith 's assessment , saying the 2 million number includes all behavioral and "  temporary " responses , such as an animal turning its head , stopping feeding or moving out of the area . "  The animal fully recovers , " Van Name said . The report also indicated monitoring in 2009-2010 off Hawaii and Southern California showed 162,000 marine mammals with no evidence of distress or unusual behavior during Navy activities . The older Navy analysis , for 2009-2013 , estimated about 110 marine mammals would be injured or killed in Hawaii and California . Van Name and Alex Stone , environmental impact statement project manager with the U.S. Pacific Fleet , urged caution when making comparisons between the studies . They cited additional research , a wider geographic area , updated computer models and different study areas in the new analysis . "  It is clearly not our intention to harm any animals , " Van Name said . Three , perhaps four , dolphins , died in 2011 during a Navy training exercise involving underwater explosives near San Diego . The area had been cleared but dolphins moved in too late for divers to be able to turn off a charged timer , Stone said . "  The dolphins were at the wrong place at the wrong time . " After the incident , the size of the mitigation area was increased . "  We learned from this lesson and moved forward , " Stone said . "  The limited impacts we are expecting are to individual animals , not to the species population , " he said . Smith , of the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is trying a different approach . The agency is identifying marine mammal "  hot spots " with a high population density , Smith said . The Navy , he said , should do a better job of not using disruptive sonar and explosives in such zones . Van Name said the Navy already identifies areas for special protection , including a humpback whale sanctuary off Maui . Crews also are aware of calving season and areas . The Navy is seeking public input over the next 60 days as it moves forward in the permit process . "  We encourage the public to engage with us so we can do a better job , " Van Name said . "  This document is very robust , very defensible and people will see that . " While the Navy 's chief mission is defending the country , it has "  a long history of environmental stewardship , " Van Name said . CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	U.S. Navy releases data on estimated whale , dolphin deaths off Hawaii , California It says it is trying to mitigate the losses Environmental group says more needs to be done Military training exercises are expected to increase
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A brain surgeon performed what he called a "  life-saving " surgery on a teenager by removing a large brain tumor using a method he read about on CNN.com just three days earlier . Dr. Thomas Ellis is a senior neurosurgeon at Wake Forest University in North Carolina . Dr. Thomas Ellis , a senior neurosurgeon at Wake Forest University School of Medicine in North Carolina , the United States , said he had become "  very demoralized " after an unsuccessful six-hour operation to remove a tumor from a 19-year-old named Brandon . "  I had had to give the boy 's mother the bad news and that is not something I am used to . She was crying and it was very hard . Your story truly came at the perfect time , " Ellis said . "  I am inclined to believe that it is the work of God that I came across your article that very night , " the surgeon told CNN . The article was about the "  Omni directional dielectric mirror , " a pen-shaped fiber-optic tool that allows surgeons to carry out minimally invasive surgery on areas too difficult or delicate to access . That night , Ellis contacted the neurosurgeon quoted in the story who put him in touch with Omni Guide , the Boston , Massachusetts-based company that manufactures the handheld device . It was originally devised for the U.S. military , and rolled out for surgeries three months before Ellis read about it . The tool allows surgeons to easily manipulate a CO2 laser and bend it to reach almost any tissue in the body , particularly in cases where scalpels may pose a danger . "  Seventy-two hours later I held the device in my hands , " Ellis explained . "  Omni Guide sent someone to do a demo . I was extremely impressed and excited and very quickly I pretty much got the hang of it . " Ellis added : "  I think it 's an amazing story because it 's yet another demonstration of how interconnected we 've become in this world . "  You have a CNN reporter in London , who writes a story about a neurosurgeon in Chicago , who 's using a device that was invented in Massachusetts . That story is read by a different neurosurgeon in North Carolina , and all within 72 hours , we have the device in North Carolina . "  We have the patient lined up for a surgery , and in the span of just a few days we perform really a life-saving operation on this patient . " Ellis first met Brandon on December 17 , 2008 , when his mother took him to the emergency department at Wake Forest Hospital suffering from what Ellis calls , "  an extremely rapid decline in basic functions . " "  While he had been suffering from minor symptoms for about a year , he suddenly acquired terrible headaches and became very confused . " Ellis ordered an immediate MRI scan of Brandon 's skull and found an extremely large tumor , known as a teratoma , in the middle of his brain . Read an explainer about teratomas He operated two days later , but despite spending six hours in the operating room and going through half a dozen scalpels , he only managed to remove 20 percent of the tumor . "  In 15 years of doing neurosurgery , it really was the most difficult tumor that I ever encountered . It was very rubbery and hard to debulk , " he said . "  I wish I could demonstrate the firmness of the tumor that we were dealing with but it really was the case that after trying to dissect the tumor just five minutes with each scalpel , the scalpel would be dull and I would have to move on to use another scalpel . "  I went through at least a half-dozen of them , and even after many , many hours of operating on this tumor with multiple scalpels with multiple microsurgical-dissecting tools , I could n't remove very much of this tumor . " Ellis advised the boy 's mother , Tania , who asked we only give her first name , that her son would have to go through radiation treatment . Unlike chemotherapy , which involves the use of anticancer drugs , radiation treatment employs high-energy rays and particles to kill cancer cells . "  Radiation therapy is a difficult process , especially for such a large tumor , " Ellis said . He explained that he was feeling despondent about the patient 's condition when he got home after the operation that night . "  Being the father of four children myself , just the thought of having to go through something like this with one of my own children is just beyond words , " he said . "  As I do every night , I read CNN online and immediately saw on the front page that there was an article in the health section entitled , From military device to life-saving surgical tool . ... Read the original CNN.com story "  I finished the rest of the story and my first thought was : I would have given anything to have this tool available six or seven hours ago based on the description in the story . "  Lasers have long been abandoned in neurosurgery , " he said , "  because they were too cumbersome to use . But CNN spoke of a brain operation performed by a Dr. Bernard Bendok in Chicago with CO2 laser and this new easy-to-use , perfect mirror tool . " The following day , on Christmas Eve , Ellis along with Dr. Tamir Wolf , a physician OmniGuide sent to assist , brought Brandon back to the operating room . "  After only 30 minutes , it was clear this laser device , as simple to use as a scalpel , was successfully debulking the tumor . " Ellis operated on Brandon for four hours and managed to remove the remaining 80 percent of the tumor by vaporizing it from the inside with the laser and then excising it . "  The boy was then extubated -LSB- removing the tube to his airway -RSB- after about 30 minutes and that same evening he was eating normally , " Wolf said . Brandon has recovered his basic functions and is behaving normally . "  I am very optimistic and so is his mother , although we still have to be careful and do regular check-ups to look for possible spreading of the tumor , " Ellis said . He believes that "  at the least , this device will become a valuable new tool for surgeons . But it may actually usher in a new generation of neurosurgeons who do microsurgery very differently . " "  Either way , this type of success story is what we neurosurgeons live for . "	Surgeon unsuccessfully attempts to remove patient 's brain tumor Later that day , he reads CNN.com story on a groundbreaking new surgery tool He contacts makers of the tool that could help in removing his patient 's tumor Three days later , the patient is operated on again and all the tumor is removed
Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso  CNN  -- Following weeks of unrest , Burkina Faso 's president has named a former ambassador as the country 's new prime minister , state media reported . A statement signed by President Blaise Compaore named Luc Adolph Tiao , Burkina Faso 's former ambassador to France , to the post , RTB , the national radio and television network , reported Monday . Before Tiao was an ambassador , he was president of the Superior Council of Communication of Burkina Faso , which regulates the media . The announcement came after several incidents triggered violence in the western African nation , sparked by different events . There was no information on how many people had been injured . Student protests have been ongoing in the nation since February , according to local media reports . The demonstrations came after a student reportedly died in jail . On March 30 , protests erupted over a court case . According to media reports , a man sued a group of five soldiers , claiming they allegedly forced him to take off his clothes and walk home because he had dated a soldier 's girlfriend . The court found in favor of the man . During the violence that ensued , the defense minister said his home was attacked . A small group of presidential security guards revolted Thursday night over a promised housing allowance , firing shots inside the presidential compound and taking to the streets , shooting guns , stealing cars and robbing people , according to officials with the Ministry of Defense . Two children of a defense official were shot at and hospitalized , officials said . The soldiers demanded a housing allowance they said the president had promised them . The Ministry of Defense said Friday in a statement the soldiers had been paid but the protests continued , with buildings in the capital city , Ouagadougou , set on fire . The president also reportedly replaced the head of the Army amid the violence . The president was at the palace when the demonstrations began and left briefly under heavy security , but he later returned . In recent days , a curfew was imposed , and sources in the city of Po said violence was also taking place there . A spokesman for the group of security guards , Moussa Ag Abdoulaye , appeared on RTB and reaffirmed the group 's committment to the president and called for a cease-fire from other military groups .	The former ambassador to France was named prime minister Students have been protesting for months A group of security guards revolted last week
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of Commerce John Bryson stepped down Thursday , telling President Barack Obama in a letter of resignation that a recent seizure could be a distraction from doing his job . "  I have concluded that the seizure I suffered on June 9th could be a distraction from my performance as secretary and that our country would be better served by a change of leadership of the department , " Bryson 's letter said . Bryson , 68 , had been on a medical leave of absence since his involvement in two auto accidents in California that his office indicated were linked to the seizure . The White House said Obama will meet with Bryson in the Oval Office later Thursday to thank him for his service as commerce secretary . A statement by Obama praised Bryson 's efforts to boost U.S. exports as commerce secretary and said Bryson has agreed to serve as a member of the president 's Export Council . Bryson 's deputy , Rebecca Blank , will continue to serve as acting secretary , Obama 's statement said . Police said Bryson was found unconscious at the wheel of his car after the two accidents this month . Commerce secretary takes medical leave following weekend accidents Bryson was issued a citation at an area hospital where he received treatment , said Lt. Ariel Duran of the San Gabriel Police Department . Authorities must still decide whether to formally file charges . Bryson voluntarily took a breathalyzer test that detected no alcohol use , the Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department confirmed . According to a Commerce official , Bryson was on personal time with no security detail when the accidents occurred and was driving his own vehicle . The official , who spoke to CNN on condition of not being identified , said Bryson was given medication to treat the seizure . Bryson , who was driving a Lexus , rear-ended a Buick occupied by three men that was stopped at a railroad crossing in San Gabriel , said a police statement . "  Bryson spoke with the males , then left the scene , hitting the same car again as he left , " the statement said . The men in the Buick followed Bryson while calling 911 to report the accident , it said . Bryson drove to the neighboring city of Rosemead , where he hit a second car , according to authorities . Police then found him unconscious in his vehicle . Two of the three men in the Buick were treated for minor injuries , according to police . Obama nominated Bryson to succeed Gary Locke as commerce secretary in May 2011 . Bryson 's Senate confirmation was delayed by Republican opposition . It came in October , and he became the 37th secretary of commerce . A graduate of Stanford University and Yale Law School , Bryson served as chairman of the California utility company Edison International from 1990 until 2008 . Before that , he was a co-founder of the Natural Resources Defense Council , a leading environmental group that strongly endorsed Bryson 's nomination last year . Seizures : When ` electrical brainstorm ' hits CNN 's Kelly Marshall Smoot and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Bryson says the June 9 seizure would be a distraction from doing his job President Obama thanks Bryson for his service Bryson was found unconscious in his car this month after two auto accidents His office indicated the accidents were linked to the seizure
CNN  -- Would it help you manage your stress level to get a warning that the text message you 're about to read is your boss or partner chewing you out ? The creators of a new mobile app think so . Stress @ Work is an Android app developed by a student at England 's University of Portsmouth . It color-codes incoming messages on Facebook , Twitter and via text , using their choice of language to predict their tone . Green means positive , blue is neutral and red is a warning of potential nastiness . Masters student Lorraine Chambers said she created the app so people know whether to expect to feel better or worse after checking in . "  The ultimate objective of this application is to make the user aware of the negative contents they receive so they are able to manage their stress in the best possible way , " Mohamed Gaber , a senior lecturer at the university , added in a news release . "  For example , if most of what is received from social media websites by a user on a particular day was negative , it is important that the user attempts to take an action in order to not get stressed , especially if this may affect the individual 's performance at work and/or their behavior at home . " On a sample image provided by the school , a tweet from a sender saying he had a great time the night before showed up in green , as did a text wishing the recipient a happy weekend . Two Twitter posts with links to news stories  a movie review and a political story  earned neutral blue . Another one announcing that the next day 's weather will be bad  "  hope you brought a jacket "  and one saying that the sender is tired and had taken the wrong bus were flagged in red . No word on whether the app can detect irony or sarcasm . Chambers and Gaber plan to present the app at a September conference in Spain . It is still in the testing phase and not yet available . They said they plan to release it for free in the Android Market . If there is enough interest , they then hope to make a version for Apple mobile devices .	A new app would warn users whether incoming messages are positive or negative "  Stress @ Work " is an Android app by a student at England 's University of Portsmouth It uses color codes and works on Facebook , Twitter and for text messages It 's not yet available on the market but will be presented at a conference in September
CNN  -- Summer is a time for grilling , relaxing and apparently getting your life together -- at least on television . Those lazy , hazy days this year are featuring reality shows aimed at everything from weight loss to ego adjustments . Programs such as NBC 's "  Losing It With Jillian Michaels " and "  Breakthrough With Tony Robbins , " as well as VH1 's "  You 're Cut Off " and "  Bridal Boot Camp " are part of a hot trend offering audiences plenty of self-help viewing along with their lemonade and barbecues . "  During the summer , people are more tuned into those types of pursuits , " said Deborah King , author of "  Truth Heals : What You Hide Can Hurt You . " " -LSB- Viewers -RSB- are thinking more about health , how to feel better and how to feel healthier so they are more inclined to go that route . " Dog-day television viewing has changed in the past decade , based a great deal on the success of the reality program "  Survivor , " which helped kick off the reality TV craze when it debuted in May 2000 . Before CBS premiered the series , which drops contestants in the wilderness to compete against each other for $ 1 million , summertime viewing was pretty blah and standard , said Al Norton , who blogs about television at his site , Two Tivos to Paradise . "  It was only 10 or 15 years ago that summertime was all about reruns , " Norton said . "  I think there is a general feeling among viewers that your standards for what you are willing to watch are a little bit lower during the summer . " The self-help shows are also more conducive to viewers ' TV habits in the warmer months as opposed to series such as "  Lost " or "  Fringe , " where the audience is called upon to remember plots from week to week , Norton said . "  In general , the viewing audience is less in the summer because people are on vacation , the weather is nice and people are out . People are n't necessarily going to follow a show every week , " he said . "  Most of those self-help shows are pretty self-contained . " That means viewers can hop in and out of such shows , without missing a beat . Check out an iReport review of "  Losing It With Jillian Michaels " Laura Baron hopes audiences do that for her new series . Baron serves as the life coach on VH1 's new summer reality series "  You 're Cut Off , " which bills itself as a "  princess rehab " for "  nine spoiled rotten princesses . " The women , who believe they have been chosen to participate in a show called "  The Good Life , " are moved into a home and forced to forgo all of the amenities they enjoyed in the real world . Baron said people are looking to shed more than just heavy coats when the weather turns warmer . "  People are probably more open in the summer and looking at themselves , " "  When you are doing self-help in the winter when it 's dreary outside , your journey is not as fulfilling . There is something about summer that offers possibilities . " Author King agreed and said such reality shows are also tapping into the viewing public 's desire to improve their health and wellness , even if it 's vicariously through watching others . "  I 've seen the interest in such programming increase from year to year , " said King . "  It 's something people are concerned about and focused on more and more . "	Summer time has become destination TV for self-help reality shows "  Losing It With Jillian Michaels " and "  You 're Cut Off " debut this summer TV blogger says self-help shows lend themselves to summer viewing Life coach says summer is a season that "  offers possibilities "
Mashable  -- Congressman Paul Ryan  R-WI  will not support the Stop Online Piracy Act , according to a statement released by his office Monday . In the statement , Ryan calls the Internet "  one of the most magnificent expressions of freedom and free enterprise in history " and says "  it should stay that way . " According to Ryan , SOPA is an attempted solution to the "  legitimate problem " of digital piracy , but the bill "  creates the precedent and possibility for undue regulation , censorship and legal abuse . " Congressman Ryan , chairman of the House Budget Committee , became a target of the Reddit community last month . Reddit users considered Ryan 's previous stance on SOPA too vague -- and took issue with the $ 288,600 that the Congressman had accepted from pro-SOPA groups . Mashable : Fears of SOPA unfounded , bill 's sponsor says Redditors began "  Operation Pull Ryan , " a grassroots campaign to prevent Ryan 's re-election in 2012 . The community embraced Ryan 's opponent , Rob Zerban , who is running for Congress in November of this year . Zerban returned Reddit 's affection , hosting an "  AMA , " or "  Ask Me Anything , " where he fielded questions directly from Reddit users . Zerban credited Reddit with influencing Ryan 's decision on SOPA . In a statement posted on the social media site , Zerban said : "  Reddit was able to force the House Budget Chair to reverse course -- shock waves will be felt throughout the establishment in Washington today , and other lawmakers will take notice . " Mashable : U.S. wanted a Spanish SOPA In fact , Reddit may not have had an impact on Ryan 's SOPA decision . Paul 's position on the bill was unclear until now . As a conservative Republican who favors smaller government , it makes sense that Ryan would oppose a bill which gives more authority to the Federal government . On the other hand , the bill was introduced by Rep. Lamar Smith , a conservative Republican from Texas , so party labels are not a reliable indicator of SOPA support . Congressman Ryan 's office did not immediately respond to a request for a comment . Is the tide turning against SOPA in Congress ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Congressman says bill "  creates the precedent and possibility for undue regulation " Makes sense that Paul Ryan would oppose a bill giving more authority to federal government Ryan says Internet is an expression of freedom and should stay that way
CNN  -- Many trials in recent years have implicated our ongoing national struggles with race . But few have gotten as much attention as that of George Zimmerman , who shot and killed young Trayvon Martin 17 months ago in Sanford , Florida . Perhaps the uncertainty of what really happened that night is part of what drew us : Since only two people knew exactly what transpired and one of them is dead , we 're free to speculate and argue to our heart 's content . It may also be the fact that this young black man was n't killed by the police , but by an ordinary citizen . So anybody could put himself or herself in the place of Zimmerman or Martin . The verdict by itself says very little about race in America . Juries do n't ponder such things ; their job is to answer particular legal questions  in this case : Did Zimmerman kill Martin in self defense ?  -- which may not be the ones the rest of us are asking . And so Zimmerman 's acquittal was n't much of a surprise . Opinion : When blacks killed by non-blacks , justice rarely served Trayvon Martin could n't give his side of the story , leaving ample room for reasonable doubt . More importantly , under Florida law , it 's perfectly legal to follow someone for even the worst of reasons , confront them , and even start a fight with them . Then when you lose the advantage to the point where you believe you 're in danger of "  great bodily harm , " you can shoot the other person dead . The law forgives , whether forgiveness is deserved or not . Zimmerman could have had the soul of Martin Luther King or Bull Connor , and it would n't have made a difference to whether he was innocent or guilty under this law . Social media erupts in anger , sadness over Zimmerman verdict That 's "  standing your ground , " the legal world that gun advocates have created and this case has highlighted . Gun rights supporters have a Hollywood fantasy in which a brave homeowner uses his gun to fight off a vicious criminal gang intent on killing his family , but this case showed a far less romantic reality : A nebbishy neighborhood watch volunteer with a never-to-be fulfilled dream of becoming a cop chased down a kid who just wanted to get his Skittles back to his dad 's house to watch a basketball game . The state laws governing who you 're allowed to shoot and when may not have been built with race in mind , but out in the real world , our perception of what 's threatening is still colored profoundly by race . Bill O'Reilly wondered the other day if , after an acquittal , people would "  run out and cause trouble . " After all , you know how those people are . The head of the Miami-Dade police went to a black church to warn , "  Riots are not acceptable and riots are not expected . " Well , if they are n't expected , why was the warning necessary ? There were warnings of riots from many corners , just as there were those who saw in this case an excuse to pick at race like a scab , for no reason other than sending their audiences to greater heights of resentment . Rush Limbaugh , for instance , read a story about the Justice Department sending mediators to Sanford to help local officials defuse tensions , and saw a conspiracy from a White House practically taken over by Black Panthers . Opinion : Doing what 's right not just about law "  Stoking the racial stuff is the way Obama was raised , " said Limbaugh , the most prominent race-baiter in America . "  He 's got a chip on his shoulder about it , and he 's here to square the deal . And  Attorney General Eric  Holder too . I think all of these guys have an anger about them . " Even as we scorn repellent hate-mongers like Limbaugh , it 's good to remind ourselves that we all make assumptions about other people , and we 'd all benefit from examining them . Much of our reaction to cases like this one is built on what we assume other people are like , regardless of what we know about them as individuals . That 's what turns a kid walking down the street with candy in his pocket into a threat that should be met with a gun at the ready . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman : Zimmerman trial reflected much of U.S. struggle with race ; verdict did not He says reasonable doubt and Florida law made acquittal unsurprising He says it may not have been law 's intent , but the threat it addresses is colored by race Waldman : O'Reilly , Limbaugh , others are race-baiting when they warn of unrest after verdict
CNN  -- It 's a mesmerizing , surreal scene . Eight tiny , unmanned aerial vehicles -- called quadrotors -- begin to rise from the ground in unison . They hover at eye level , filling the room with a heavy buzzing sound . Then they move through a makeshift window , one at a time , and reform as a group on the other side . This is n't happening on a Spielberg set , and it is n't science fiction . These real-life flying robots are at the University of Pennsylvania 's General Robotics , Automation , Sensing and Perception Lab . "  This is a robot that 's completely autonomous , " said doctoral student Matthew Turpin , "  and by that I mean there 's no remote control in the background . " The lab is a mechanical engineer 's dream . Quadrotors in all shapes , sizes and colors -- and in various degrees of assembly -- cover nearly every surface . Shelves line the walls , filled to the brim with tools and toys . Most noticeable is the lab 's state-of-the-art Vicon motion-capture system . Infrared cameras placed throughout a test-flying area communicate with tiny sensors on the quadrotors , feeding into a computer-based navigation system . "  We have the Vicon system , or the red lights , which allow us to figure out where the robot is , " Turpin explained . "  Then we 're able to send it commands about what we 'd like it to do and group behaviors that you 'll see . " Turpin gives the quadrotors simple instructions via computer , but the vehicles decide how to get from Point A to Point B on their own . The results are a dazzling display of formations , from spinning in circles in midair to navigating obstacles in sync with each other . Other quadrotors at the GRASP Lab have worked together to carry cargo and build structures . "  These robots are able to pick up these simple , almost LEGO-like bricks , and they 're able to carry them from one location to another , " Turpin said . But perhaps the quadrotors ' most memorable moment was when they played instruments to perform the James Bond theme song . The video has more than 3 million views on YouTube . As much fun as Turpin and his colleagues seem to be having , he says their ultimate goal is to put quadrotors to good use outside the lab . After the 2011 earthquake in Japan , a team from the University of Pennsylvania and Tohoku University in Sendai took quadrotors into the disaster zone . Led by Vijay Kumar , a former GRASP Lab director and professor at Penn , they achieved some remarkable accomplishments . Among them : sending quadrotors -- equipped with cameras and lasers -- into an unstable building to see what sort of information they could gather . "  We went into a collapsed building ; we mapped three floors , " Kumar said . "  We got three-dimensional maps , and we were able to show that this sort of thing is feasible today . " Quadrotors could also use sensors to detect radiation levels and other biological hazards , Kumar said . That could help keep first responders out of harm 's way . "  Clearly , humans will always have a role to play in emergency response for law enforcement , " Kumar said . "  But if there 's an emergency , if there 's a 911 call , the question is , do you want a human dashing off to respond to it right away ? " Kumar also saw an opportunity for quadrotors to be used when law enforcement was close to apprehending a suspect in the Boston bombings . "  After the tragic incident in Boston , you saw that robot actually ripping away the canvas on top of the boat to try to look behind the cover " for the suspect , he said , "  It 's an excruciatingly , painfully slow operation . What we 'd like to do is accomplish these tasks really quickly . " There are plenty of positive uses for quadrotors . But the concept of stealthy , camera-toting robots does cause concern for some people . Kumar often fields questions about misuse of the technology and privacy concerns . "  I think we should engage in a public dialogue about when to use them , what the potential benefits are , and recognize that we can protect ourselves against abuse of these devices -- as opposed to saying ` we do n't want to develop this , ' " he said . For now , most of the research on these robots is still done in the lab . But you could say their potential is sky high .	At Penn lab , researchers have created small aerial robots The quadrotor takes commands but is programmed to decide how to do them A YouTube video of quadrotors playing the James Bond theme reached millions They were used in post-earthquake Japan to investigate damaged buildings
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- A man accused of threatening House Speaker Nancy Pelosi wept Thursday as he talked to his attorney before a federal court hearing . Gregory L. Giusti , 48 , was charged with making obscene , threatening or harassing phone calls . He was not asked to submit a plea and remained in custody pending a further hearing . A Justice Department news release said the maximum penalty for the charge was two years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 250,000 . Giusti was arrested Wednesday in San Francisco , where Pelosi 's home district is located , according to FBI spokesman Joseph Schadler . Pelosi is the top Democrat in the U.S. House and was a leading figure in efforts to win congressional approval of sweeping health care legislation . A statement from Pelosi 's office said the arrest occurred "  after an investigation into threats against " the speaker . It thanked law enforcement officials and said Pelosi would have no further comment at this time . Threats against U.S. senators and representatives increased as Congress completed work last month on the health care bill , which was unanimously opposed by Republicans . In addition , conservative activists around the country protested the bill . Most of the reported threats were against Democrats , though there were some against Republicans . On Tuesday , the Justice Department announced the arrest of a 64-year-old Washington state resident for allegedly issuing death threats against Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington state , who supported the health care bill . A department statement said the suspect , identified as Charles Alan Wilson of Selah , Washington , made the threats in phone messages to Murray 's office between March 22 and April 4 . Wilson allegedly stated that Murray "  had a target on her back " and that he wanted to kill her , according to the statement , which said the threats were in response to congressional passage of the health care bill . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Gregory L. Giusti speaker remains in custody pending a further hearing Guisti , 48 , is accused of making threats against House Speaker Nancy Pelosi FBI says arrest occurred "  after an investigation into threats against " Pelosi A man was arrested Tuesday for alleged threats against Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington
CNN  Four Gulf countries now have opened embassies in Aden , Yemen , where President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi fled after being deposed . The United Arab Emirates and Kuwait opened their embassies Friday , two Foreign Ministry officials who did n't want to be named because they are connected to Hadi told CNN . The move came one day after the Saudis and Qataris shifted their embassy staffs there . Sanaa is Yemen 's capital , but Houthi rebels have controlled the city for months . Hadi escaped a week ago after being under house arrest for a month following his resignation under pressure from the rebels . After fleeing to Aden in the south , he released a statement declaring he is still President of Yemen , and calling all political decision made since September illegal and invalid . One of the Yemeni officials said that Egyptians will open an embassy in Aden in the coming days . The Saudi ambassador to Yemen said Friday : "  The security situation is calm in Aden and it 's very difficult for us to resume our embassy operations in Sanaa . " Political negotiations came to an end on Friday after a majority of the political parties withdrew from the United Nations-led talk with the Houthis . "  Talks must take place where there is no militant threat , " said AbdulAziz Jubari , the secretary-general of the Justice and Building party . Jamal Benomar , the U.N. envoy to Yemen , visited Hadi in Aden on Wednesday and said in a statement that Hadi is still the constitutional president of Yemen . He stressed that Hadi must be part of the solution in Yemen and not be excluded . Benomar said that Hadi refused to currently be involved in the political talks unless they are moved from Sanaa . "  Hadi agrees that the Yemeni crisis must be solved solving through dialogue , " Benomar said . The militants tightened their grip on power over the past month . Hadi resigned while still in Sanaa but rescinded after fleeing the capital . Houthis are Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni Muslim country . They had been at war with the central government for more than a decade , but their entry into Sanaa in September brought things to a head , sparking battles that left than 300 people dead before a ceasefire was agreed to that month . Houthis then pressured Hadi to step down last month after he refused to agree to certain political demands . The Houthis ' takeover of Sanaa stunned governments of Western nations , which pulled out diplomatic staff this month . The United States , along with most European and Gulf countries , suspended operations in their embassies in Yemen amid growing unrest .	Yemeni officials say four nations have moved their operations from Sanaa to Aden President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi fled there after being deposed Political talks hit a snag
CNN  -- A man accused of crimes against humanity who has evaded International Criminal Court warrants for seven years has surrendered to the U.S. Embassy in Kigali , Rwanda , officials said Monday . "  I can confirm that this morning Bosco Ntaganda ... walked into U.S. Embassy Kigali . He specifically asked to be transferred to the ICC in The Hague . We 're currently consulting with a number of governments , including the Rwandan government , in order to facilitate his request , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters . She said she did n't think U.S. authorities had any advance notice that he would surrender . News of Ntaganda turning himself in was also reported in a Twitter post from Rwandan Minister of Foreign Affairs Louise Mushikiwabo . The ICC first issued an arrest warrant for Ntaganda , who at different times has been a Congolese rebel leader and a general in the army of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , in 2006 . That warrant alleged that Ntaganda had forced children to become soldiers in the DRC . A second ICC warrant issued in July 2012 accused Ntaganda of murder , rape , attacks on civilians and slavery . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Bosco Ntaganda turns himself in at the U.S. Embassy in Kigali He asks to be transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague Ntaganda is accused of forcing children to become soldiers among other crimes
Jonathan Pollard , the former U.S. intelligence agent who was convicted of spying for Israel , could be released before the Jewish holiday of Passover as part of efforts to save Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations , an Israeli official involved in the talks told CNN . Suggestions for deals for Pollard 's release have been floated over the years but have not materialized . Passover starts on April 14 . Talk of Pollard 's possible release came as Secretary of State John Kerry traveled to Israel on Monday to try to mediate a dispute between Israel and the Palestinians over the release of Palestinian prisoners . Kerry was in Belgium on Tuesday . He was expected to go back to Israel on Wednesday and to visit Ramallah , West Bank , but a senior State Department official told CNN that trip is no longer happening . Kerry stated Tuesday night that "  no agreement has been reached with respect to any prisoner " -- be it Pollard , whom he was asked about , or anyone else -- though talks involving all parties are ongoing in hopes of reaching a broader agreement . "  At this point in time , no agreement has been reached with respect to any prisoner , not even the ones that at this moment are at issue in terms of the transfer . The Cabinet in Israel has to vote . I 'm not sure exactly when that might take place or not . So there is no agreement at this point in time regarding anyone , or any specific steps , there are a lot of different possibilities in play , " Kerry said . "  It is difficult , it is emotional , it requires huge decisions , some of them with great political difficulty , " he continued . " ... We are continuing , even now ... to find the best way forward . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that President Barack Obama has n't decided whether to release the convicted spy at Israel 's request . "  The Israelis frequently raise this issue , and they have raised this issue in our discussions , " Carney said . "  Beyond that , I 'm not going to get ahead of the work that Secretary Kerry is doing and the conversations that he 's having . " Pollard 's possible release was being discussed as part of a broader agreement that has not been finalized , according to sources familiar with the talks . In exchange for the release , the sources have said that Israel would have to make significant concessions to the Palestinians , which could include a settlement freeze , the release of additional prisoners beyond the current group in dispute and an agreement to continue peace negotiations beyond the end-of-April deadline . Pollard was convicted in 1987 of spying for Israel and is serving a life sentence in the United States . His imprisonment has been a source of tension between the United States and Israel . 27 years later , Pollard case remains a diplomatic thorn Parameters The Israeli official said the parameters of a deal still emerging include negotiations with the Palestinians continuing into 2015 , and an agreement that during that time , Palestinians would refrain from taking their case to international bodies . However , Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian lawmaker who met Monday with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to discuss Kerry 's efforts , said the Palestinian leadership believes the Israelis are making claims of an "  emerging deal " to create an impression that a breakthrough is imminent so that when it falls apart , it can be blamed on the Palestinians . Barghouti doubted the notion that the Palestinians were on the verge of signing a deal and said Abbas is increasingly convinced that Israel is not interested in any process that would lead to Palestinian statehood . According to the Israeli official , though , a fourth Palestinian prisoner release would go ahead and would include Israeli Arabs , the official added . An additional 400 Palestinian prisoners would be released . Israel would determine those to be released , and they would not have blood on their hands , the official added . Regarding settlements , there would not be a total freeze , but "  Israel will act with great restraint , " he said . But in what one nongovernmental organization 's director called "  a blow to the American efforts in trying to achieve an agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians , " Israel pushed forward Tuesday with tenders for new settlement construction in Gilo , in East Jerusalem . "  Israel today re-announced pushed tenders for 708 new settlement units in Gilo that were originally published in November , " said Hagit Ofran , director of Peace Now , an Israeli NGO that monitors Israel 's settlement construction in the West Bank and Jerusalem . The Israeli official said Jerusalem would not be included in the provision calling for no tenders for new housing in the West Bank , although work would proceed on tenders already issued , the official said . The halt on new tenders refers to housing only . Construction of other infrastructure , such as roads and hospitals , he said , would continue . Asked about the talks and a possible release , Asher Mivzari , a spokesman for The Free Jonathan Pollard Committee , said the committee was not "  reacting to the news . " "  Their message all along has been that Jonathan Pollard should have been freed a long time ago and this should be an outcome of justice in the American legal system , " he said . Separately , a spokesman for Cabinet Minister Uri Ariel confirmed he had said he was against the release of "  murderers " in exchange for Pollard . Opinion : Trade a spy , get Middle East peace ? Parole consideration Israel has in the past tried to link Pollard 's release to peace negotiations . Current and former U.S. officials and experts have suggested the United States government might tie his release to a comprehensive peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians . Pollard is up for parole consideration in November 2015 , and the United States is running out of time to use his possible release for leverage with Israel . Carney , the White House spokesman , said on Monday that it is a "  complicated issue " and declined to "  get into details " about the negotiations . "  And with regards to Mr. Pollard , he is a person who was convicted of espionage and is serving his sentence , and I do n't have any update on his situation , " Carney said . But the fact the United States is apparently willing to discuss his release before even a framework agreement has been reached between the parties shows the extraordinary efforts Washington is making to salvage the troubled negotiations . When asked whether Pollard was a topic in Kerry 's talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki stuck to the White House line and said she had no updates on his status . Talks hit a snag The peace negotiations , which began in July , have hit a snag over whether Israel will agree to release more than two dozen prisoners , including 14 Arab Israelis whom Israel considers terrorists . They were scheduled to be freed on March 29 , and now Palestinian negotiators are threatening to end the negotiations over the delay . Israel has already released three groups of prisoners , most of whom have served lengthy prison terms for attacks on Israelis . But this final release is especially contentious because it includes convicted murderers . Netanyahu has said he would seek approval for any further releases with his Cabinet , which has been critical of the previous releases . Israeli Deputy Defense Minister Danny Danon told CNN he will resign if Israel goes ahead with the prisoner release , and other Likud Party members in the Cabinet , along with members of the HaBayit HaYahudi Party , which has 12 members in the Knesset , could join him , creating a political crisis . Netanyahu has also said he would not release any more prisoners if Abbas did not agree to continue negotiations and to stop threatening to seek recognition for Palestinians before international bodies . A new possible stumbling block in the overall talks arose Tuesday , when Abbas signed 15 requests to have his government join international organizations , according to Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti . Asked about this development , Kerry said none of the organizations that Abbas asked to join "  involved the U.N. " Furthermore , he scuttled any thought that this could derail negotiations while insisting that the key players remain engaged . The United States is ready and willing to play a significant role , Kerry said . Still , Kerry stressed that it 's the Israelis and Palestinians who will ultimately decide if a deal gets done . "  In the end , this is up to the parties , " he said . " ... The leaders have to make the decisions . " Opinion : The truth about Pollard	Kerry is no longer traveling to the Mideast on Wednesday , source tells CNN Kerry says there 's "  no agreement " with regards to any prisoner Pollard is a former U.S. intelligence agent convicted of spying for Israel Palestinian lawmaker says no deal imminent , alleges Israeli ruse
Grief and rage erupted on the streets of Turkey 's largest city after a 15-year-old boy struck in the head by a tear gas canister died Tuesday morning in a hospital . Much of the anger was focused on Turkey 's embattled prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan . A crowd chanted "  fascist government , Erdogan killer , " as Berkin Elvan 's coffin was carried through the streets of the working-class Istanbul neighborhood his family calls home . Some bystanders wept in the freezing , pouring rain . President Abdullah Gul spoke with the boy 's father Monday and was saddened by Tuesday 's news , according to the semiofficial Anadolu news agency . "  I extend my condolences to his family . I share their pain , " he said . Elvan was only 14 when he was critically wounded last summer , at the height of a wave of anti-government protests that erupted across Istanbul and other Turkish cities . His parents said he left home on the morning of June 16 , 2013 , to buy a loaf of bread . Less than 15 minutes later , neighbors arrived , telling them their son had been wounded . The boy suffered blunt trauma to the head . According to a report by Human Rights Watch , an eyewitness said the child was hit by a police tear gas canister . For the next nine months , Elvan lay in a hospital bed in a coma . When Elvan 's mother attempted to make a public statement about her son 's ordeal in central Istanbul in July 2013 , CNN journalists witnessed and filmed Turkish riot police hitting demonstrators with pepper spray and beating one man with a club in an apparent effort to break up the demonstration . More recently , riot police used tear gas to disperse demonstrators holding a vigil outside the hospital where Elvan was being treated . Members of the family said the boy wasted away to a weight of 16 kilograms  about 35 pounds  during his nine-month-long coma . "  The government has not accepted any responsibility and they have not brought the police who were responsible for this to justice , " said Ali Kan , one of the men who attended the funeral procession . News of Elvan 's death sparked a fresh round of protests in other parts of Istanbul , as well as in the capital Ankara , where riot police reportedly intervened using tear gas . Istanbul police denied using tear gas to disperse crowds that gathered Tuesday at the hospital where Elvan died , Anadolu reported . See photos from the protests on CNN iReport Political passions are running high in Turkey . In less than three weeks , the country is expected to go to the polls in nationwide elections . Though voters will be electing town and city mayors in a series of municipal elections , the contest is widely seen as a referendum on Turkey 's long-serving prime minister . Erdogan has been on the political defensive since December , when police detained dozens of people close to his government as part of a wide-ranging corruption probe . In subsequent weeks , the prime minister dismissed thousands of police commanders , as well as the prosecutors leading the investigation . He has also mounted a media offensive against his former political ally , the powerful Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen , who lives in self-imposed exile in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania . Erdogan has repeatedly accused Gulen and his supporters of establishing a "  parallel state " within the Turkish police and judiciary aimed at toppling his democratically-elected government . As the corruption probe ground to a halt , anonymous critics began publishing a series of audio recordings online that appear to be wiretaps of Erdogan 's telephone conversations . Erdogan has denounced some of the recordings , calling them "  immorally edited material . " But the prime minister has also confirmed the authenticity of at least one recording , in which he is overheard instructing the executive of a Turkish TV channel to censor the live broadcast of a rival politician 's speech in parliament . On Tuesday night , Elvan 's body lay in a "  cemevi , " the house of worship of the Alevi religious sect to which he belongs . The boy is expected to be buried following a funeral service on Wednesday . In the meantime , activists have called for symbolic funeral protests to be held in other cities across Turkey . More than 100 Turkish riot police walled off the center of Istanbul 's busy Taksim Square on Tuesday evening , in a clear effort to prevent demonstrators from gathering in the heart of the city .	Turkey 's president says he shares the family 's pain , news agency reports Berkin Elvan was hit in the head by a tear gas canister last summer He was in a coma in the hospital for nine months His family wants the government to take responsibility
CNN  -- With the debut of Aaron Sorkin 's new show The Newsroom on HBO this Sunday , I 've been thinking about the best film depictions of journalism in American history . Any ` best-of ' list is inherently subjective , but you definitely do n't need to be a journalist to appreciate the sense of purpose these classic films provide . So without further ado and just for fun on a summer weekend , below are my nominations for the top five journalism films of all time . "  Network " : Paddy Chayefsky 's satire is still razor sharp after almost 40 years , offering a prophetic look at what would happen when news desks started answering to entertainment divisions . The film also managed to anticipate the rise of Reality TV , with one surreal side plot in which a self-styled "  liberation army " gets its own television show and immediately goes from talking about the proletariat to negotiating net versus gross contracts . But in the end it is a morality play , featuring William Holden , Faye Dunaway and Peter Finch as Howard Beale , a network anchor over the edge of a nervous breakdown who shouts the immortal line "  I 'm mad as hell and I 'm not gon na take it anymore ! " During the meteoric rise and fall of Glenn Beck , I was half convinced that he 'd announce he was punking us by trying to make Howard Beale come alive . Entertainment : What Aaron Sorkin learned from CNN for "  Newsroom " "  All the President 's Men " : The genius of this dramatic depiction of Watergate is that the movie keeps you in suspense even when everybody knows how the story is going to end . Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman are a perfect pairing as Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein , with Jason Robards playing Ben Bradlee , all capturing the chase of a great story as it unfolds . The film was made just a few years after Nixon 's resignation , but somehow it does not sacrifice the film 's sense of perspective on a time when journalists uncovered a corrosive conspiracy at the highest level of the government and toppled a president who only 20 months before had won a 49-state landslide . "  Good Night , and Good Luck " : This George Clooney-directed 2005 film is a small masterpiece , filmed in black and white . David Strathairn perfectly captures the integrity of Edward R. Murrow facing down Joe McCarthy at a time when the witch hunt for the Communist enemy within was ending careers and creating an atmosphere of fear . The film is funny and smart , with tight construction and an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr. and a chubbed-up Clooney as Murrow 's producer Fred Friendly . The opening scene speech , taken from Murrow 's own words , should be regular required viewing for anyone in the news industry . Key line : "  To be persuasive we must be believable ; to be believable we must be credible ; to be credible we must be truthful . " "  Broadcast News " : Armed with a perfect cast of Albert Brooks , William Hurt and Holly Hunter , "  Broadcast News " is a brilliant comedy that captures the outsized influence of the anchorman -- played by Jack Nicholson -- back in the days of the Big Three . Adding depth are cutaway scenes depicting the characters as neurotic children . It is ultimately a story about ambition and unrequited love , offering a useful , if not particularly uplifting , meditation on the unsteady boundary between infatuation , love and trust . "  His Girl Friday " : Howard Hawk directed this 1930s slapstick comedy , which is based on the Ben Hecht-penned screenplay for The Front Page . Cary Grant plays editor Walter Burns trying to woo his ex-wife and fellow journalist Hildy Johnson  Rosalind Russell  back to the world of the newsroom , with its roll-top desks , three-martini lunches , rotary phones and manual typewriters clacking away . In a nice bit of symmetry , the film debuted the overlapping dialogue technique that Aaron Sorkin later perfected . Honorable mentions : Falling outside this list include "  The Year of Living Dangrously , " "  Ace in the Hole , " Will Ferrell 's epic , hilarious performance as Ron Burgundy in "  Anchorman , " and the fifth season of "  The Wire . " Buy them , rent them , download them - but most of all , enjoy them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jon Avlon .	John Avlon : "  The Newsroom " debuts this Sunday , a modern depiction of journalism He names 5 good journalism movies that carry a sense of purpose , are entertaining They include "  Network , " "  All the President 's Men , " "  Broadcast News , " he says "  Good Night and Good Luck " a small masterpiece , he says ; "  His Girl Friday " a retro classic
CNN  -- It turns out that Richard Nixon was a hippie . Here 's Tricky Dick 's wisdom on taxation , always worth dusting off this time of year : "  We shall never make taxation popular , but we can make taxation fair . " See -- he 's talking about "  fairness " -- and we all now know that 's code for social justice straight out of Saul Alinsky . And it was especially socialistic for him to invoke the concept back in a time when the top tax rate was 70 % . Meanwhile , back in reality circa 2012 , we are having a typically overheated election-year debate about taxes -- and both teams in Washington have a point . Republicans this side of Ronald Reagan finally found a way to out-promise Democrats . After decades spent griping that the New Deal 's electoral power came from liberal 's limitless ability to promise public goodies , conservatives have realized that they can tap into American 's anti-tax impulse by promising to lower taxes all the time , regardless of whether our nation is at war or running a long-term deficit . Liberals have always had a hard time appreciating that the American Revolution was founded in part on a tax revolt . But historic perspective is the enemy of partisan ideologues , and on the flip-side , conservatives who idealize the past conveniently ignore that tax rates at the heart of the American Century were almost double what they are today . That was an outrage ; by comparison , today 's debates are about rounding errors . Essentially , we are debating whether the top tax rate should go back to where it was during the Bill Clinton presidency -- 39.6 % , up from the Bush tax cut level of 35 % . And this would apply only to households making more than $ 250,000 a year . I happen to think using that threshold is a mistake . A family making 250k with two earners does n't deserve to be lumped in with the super-rich at the top tax rate . At the same time , someone such as Mitt Romney , who makes $ 56,000 a day off passive income from investments , should n't be taxed at just 14 % . Obama has a real weakness in this year 's debate , however . Read through his play-to-the-base budget , and you 'll see the term "  fairness " advanced over and over again . Fairness is a noble goal and contributes to societal stability in the long-run . But the real argument for raising taxes is directly related to balancing budgets and reducing long-term deficits and debt . And that argument is rooted in rhetoric about the "  shared sacrifice " needed to restore national greatness . After all , the world 's largest debtor nation can not remain the world 's sole superpower for long . Obama 's fairness rhetoric bypasses that rational argument in favor of something fluffier -- namely , closing the growing gap between rich and poor via the tax code . This might excite the liberal Democratic base , but it also serves to confirm negative stereotypes about wealth redistribution and the left that alienates independents and swing voters . On balance , I think policy arguments about moving the top rate to people making more than a million dollars a year makes good sense . Republicans will balk out of deference to philosophy and big campaign contributors , but even 52 % of self-identified tea partiers support that benchmark . It is an additional irony that many conservatives are fine with raising taxes on those 47 % of Americans who do n't make enough money to pay federal income taxes , as long as top rates are lowered enough to make the overall shift revenue neutral . This is n't tax policy as much as it has become a shell-game masquerading as ideology . Tax day is unpleasant , and it has become a colossal waste of time and money . The current tax code is roughly 10 times longer than the Bible , and Forbes estimates that 6.1 billion hours are wasted in trying to comply with its byzantine structures . Both Obama and congressional Republicans have campaigned on tax reform and tax simplification in the past . The Bowles-Simpson Plan and the sadly abandoned Obama-Boehner Grand Bargain imagined lowering rates and raising revenue by closing loopholes . The real tragedy is that such an agreement should be within reach -- but the 80 % agreement keeps getting eclipsed by the 20 % disagreement , that signature , stubborn hyperpartisan insistence on all or nothing . So we get nothing . That brings us back to Nixon 's aphorism : "  We shall never make taxation popular but we can make taxation fair . " It 's about the last piece of useful wisdom on the subject that we 've heard out of Washington . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Nixon said taxes never popular but can be fair , when top rate was 70 % He says today tax rates about half that and still potent issue for Dems , GOP seeking advantage He says taxes should reflect shared sacrifice to restore U.S. ; not for wealth redistribution Avlon : Tax code byzantine , reform tries run into partisan brick wall , taxpayers suffer
Boston  CNN  After weeks of dramatic and emotionally wrenching testimony in the Boston Marathon bombing trial , jurors deliberated for more than seven hours Tuesday . But they have n't reached a verdict yet . The jurors sent out two questions , which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court Wednesday morning . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the 21-year-old accused Boston Marathon bomber , faces life in prison or the death penalty . On Monday , the jury saw a video of the moment a bomb exploded and disemboweled an 8-year-old boy and ripped the leg off his sister . The blast killed a 23-year-old graduate student from China . The jurors heard more horror from April 15 , 2013 . At one point , prosecutors played a video that showed the scene after a bomb exploded -- blood and injured victims everywhere and the sounds of a child howling . His mother lost her leg . "  The defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Aloke Chakravarty said . "  The defendant thought that his values were more important than the people around him . He wanted to awake the mujahedeen , the holy warriors , so he chose Patriots ' Day , Marathon Monday , " a time for families to gather and watch the marathon . Tsarnaev 's defense attorney Judy Clarke tried to persuade jurors that her client 's older brother , 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who died in a shootout with police days after the terror attack , was the instigator of the marathon plot . The younger man , Clarke said , was only following his older brother . "  If not for Tamerlan , it would not have happened , " Clarke argued . Bomb survivors and victims ' family members wiped away tears and comforted one another in court . Tsarnaev fidgeted at the defense table as he has done throughout the trial . Bill Richard , father of bomb victim Martin Richard , 8 , craned his neck to watch Tsarnaev as the prosecutor spoke . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "  chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on Boston , " Chakravarty said . "  He chose a day when there would be civilians on the sidewalks , and he targeted those civilians : men , women and children . " The lawyer waited a beat . "  He wanted to terrorize this country . He wanted to punish America for what it was doing to his people . " The prosecutor showed a picture of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , in the marathon crowd . The day of the bombings , Chakravarty said , "  they felt they were soldiers . They were the mujahedeen and they were bringing their battle to Boston . " Tsarnaev is accused of 30 counts , including setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism . Seventeen of those counts carry a sentence of death or life imprisonment . If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one of the 17 capital counts , the trial will proceed to a second phase , the so-called penalty phase . That part of the trial will include evidence of aggravating and mitigating factors , and the jury will be asked to weigh elements that make this crime especially heinous against details from Tsarnaev 's background and mental health history that would weigh in his favor . Since testimony began March 4 , federal prosecutors have called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . It seemed a mismatch from the start . "  He was there , " Clarke conceded as the trial opened , but the defense strategy always had been to focus on persuading the jury to spare Tsarnaev 's life . Jurors were shown a photo of Tsarnaev standing by a tree behind the family of Martin Richard . "  These children were n't innocent to him , " the prosecutor said . "  They were American . He knew what that bag was designed to do . " Chakravarty quoted Martin 's father who earlier testified , "  I guess we were just unlucky that day . " But luck had nothing to do with the Boston bombings , the prosecutor said . "  This was a cold , intentional , terrorist act , " he said . The brothers ' acts that day were intended , he said , "  to make a point . To tell America , ` We wo n't be terrorized by you anymore . We will terrorize you . ' " The defense has maintained that Tsarnaev , who was 19 and flunking out of college at the University of Massachusetts , Dartmouth , fell under the sway of his older , more radicalized brother . "  In the past few weeks , we have come face to face with tragedy , suffering and grief in dimensions none of us could imagine , " Clarke said . "  We 've heard words , we 've heard screams and we 've heard cries . For this suffering and pain , there is no excuse . " She acknowledged her client participated in a "  senseless act . " Tamerlan Tsarnaev , a Golden Gloves boxer , had hoped to wage jihad , and his slacker younger brother was just along for the ride , the defense has maintained . During the 15-minute rebuttal period , prosecutor William Weinreb told jurors not to be distracted by the defense 's "  attempt to point the finger at somebody else . " "  There should be no doubt in your mind that the defendant and his brother are equally guilty , " he said . They were "  partners in crime . " Weinreb pointed out that after the bombing , Tsarnaev went to the grocery store . "  Tamerlan Tsarnaev did n't turn his brother into a murderer . To shred the bodies of women and children with a homemade type of bomb , you have to be different from other people , " the prosecutor said . "  If you are capable of such hate , such callousness that you can murder and maim 20 people and then drive to Whole Foods and buy some milk , can you really blame it on your brother ? " The radicalization of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev From the start , prosecutors presented a compelling case in which the horrors of April 15 to 19 , 2013 , were vividly brought to life once again . They began with the stories of bombing survivors and first responders , who described acts of courage and compassion amid madness and chaos . The final moments of the three Boston Marathon spectators who died were recounted by the people who were by their sides . According to testimony , Tamerlan Tsarnaev set off a bomb made from a 6-quart pressure cooker , explosive powder from fireworks , duct tape , nails and BBs on Boylston Street near the finish line . That bomb , which exploded near Marathon Sports , claimed the life of Krystle Campbell , a 29-year-old restaurant manager . Twelve seconds later , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev allegedly detonated a second , similar bomb outside the Forum restaurant , slightly more than a block away . That blast killed the boy , Martin Richard , and Lingzi Lu , 23 , a graduate student from China . Chakravarty 's voice grew soft Monday as he recalled the victims : Martin 's 69-pound body "  was shattered , broken , eviscerated , burned . There was n't a part of this boy 's body that was n't destroyed . " Lu "  received blast injuries all over her body . Her leg was torn open , and she bled out . " Campbell died in less than a minute from "  massive blast injuries to her lower extremities . Parts of her body were shredded . " Sean Collier , the MIT campus police officer killed three days after the bombings , "  never had a chance . " He was shot between the eyes . "  They assassinated him . " The brothers allegedly killed the 26-year-old officer for his service weapon but could n't pry it loose from a safety holster . Case ends with grisly photos and testimony Dun Meng told the jury about his frightening 90 minutes with two carjackers , one who admitted being involved in the marathon bombing . He identified that person as Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Police fired 210 rounds at the brothers when they tracked a GPS device in Meng 's stolen Mercedes and cornered them in Watertown , Massachusetts . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev struck Tamerlan , who was wounded , when he charged police in the car . Tamerlan died of his injuries . "  Tamerlan wanted suicide by cop , " the prosecutor said Monday . "  He was ready for heaven . But the defendant had other plans . " Dzhokhar ditched the stolen car and sought shelter in a dry-docked boat parked in a trailer in a backyard in Watertown . As he hid , he used a pencil to scrawl what prosecutors called a "  manifesto " in which he said he was jealous of his brother for dying as a martyr and reaching paradise . He also lashed out at the United States for policies he said killed Muslims , writing , "  I ca n't stand to see such evil go unpunished . We Muslims are one body , you hurt one you hurt us all . " Federal prosecutors also presented evidence gleaned from searches of the brothers ' computers , including militant literature written by top al Qaeda leaders . And they traced the purchase of the pressure cookers , ammunition and BBs , which appeared to have been made by Tamerlan . Boston trial : What defense ?	Court has adjourned for the day after more than seven hours of deliberations Jurors sent out two questions that are set to be addressed Wednesday If Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , trial will go to penalty phase
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Increased security was put in place at Dodger Stadium ahead of Thursday 's baseball game between the Dodgers and the St. Louis Cardinals in the wake of a March 31 attack in which a San Francisco Giants fan was seriously injured . Bryan Stow , 42 , was put in a medically induced coma following , which followed a Dodgers-Giants game . About 100 witnesses saw Stow attacked as he left a stadium parking lot . The two suspected assailants fled after the beating in a light-colored , four-door car driven by a woman with a young boy inside , authorities have said . Family members said doctors have lowered Stow 's sedation and are hoping he wakes up soon . "  We have received hundreds of tips , but we are far from a solution , " Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck told reporters Thursday . He appealed to those with information to come forward , saying they can do so anonymously . He showed reporters new composite sketches of the suspects . Officials are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to arrests and convictions . "  I have n't had that ` Aha ! ' moment yet , " said Beck . "  We have n't got where I want to get . " Fans attending Thursday 's game will notice an increased police presence inside and outside the stadium , Beck told reporters . Officers are tasked with ensuring the no-tailgating rule is enforced and no fans are drinking in surrounding areas before entering the stadium , he said . In addition , increased lighting has been added to the parking lots . At the game , "  if you 're unruly , if you 're threatening , if you 're making comments that would lead to violence , you 'll be ejected , " Beck said . "  And if they rise to a criminal level , you 'll be arrested . " In addition , a half-off alcohol promotion at the stadium has been discontinued , and officers will be in the crowd watching for people who appear to be intoxicated , officials said . Other issues being examined include lighting and camera systems , said former Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton , whose risk consulting company Kroll is working with officials . Dodgers owner Frank McCourt said he hopes officials can go even further and bring about changes in fans ' behavior . "  We sincerely hope that the solutions we put in place here at Dodger Stadium will be used at sports and entertainment venues throughout America , " McCourt said . Stow is hospitalized at the Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center . As of Wednesday , "  There have been no more seizures for a couple days , " Stow 's sister Erin wrote on a website launched to provide updates on his condition , www.support4bryanstow.com . Doctors have been lowering his sedation , she wrote . "  Once it 's out of his system , he can be examined and hopefully  praying  he responds to commands . Or better yet , wakes up . " Stow has had no seizures for five days , his cousin , John Stow , told CNN affiliate KRON on Thursday , "  which is tremendous . We 're very thankful . " He said it 's not known when Stow will wake up . "  Head injuries are unique , " he said . "  Every case is different , so we 're just going to be patient ... Bryan 's going to do it when he 's ready . " The family has said they are grateful for the outpouring of support . Since the unprovoked attack , money has poured in from numerous donors and fundraising events to help pay for Stow 's medical costs and support his two young children . At a dual fundraiser Monday at Dodger Stadium and AT&T Park in San Francisco , where the two teams played , more than $ 120,000 was raised , said American Medical Response spokesman Jason Sorrick . In all , more than $ 200,000 has been raised for Stow , who works for AMR . "  We could n't be more proud of Bryan and the way the community has rallied around him , " John Stow said . Another event was to be held in the San Francisco area Thursday . At Dodger Stadium , collection bins will be available for those wishing to donate , officials said Thursday . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	San Francisco Giants fan Bryan Stow was beaten March 31 Doctors put him in a medically induced coma , but have decreased his sedation Increased security is in place at Dodger Stadium for Thursday 's game
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Southern California high school sports team is not scoring any points for its name , the Arabs . In a letter this month , the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee accused Coachella Valley High School of stereotyping and demanded a name change . The group also is seeking a change of the school mascot . The group said it was "  shocked to learn that the Arab " is the official mascot of the high school in Thermal . "  Continued use of the ` Arab ' mascot perpetuates demeaning stereotypes of Arabs and Arab Americans , " it said . "  Coachella Valley High School 's gross stereotyping can not be tolerated . " The school has a mascot that "  depicts a man with a large nose , heavy beard , and wearing " a traditional head covering , the group said . During halftime , "  a female dressed as belly dancer entertains the mascot by dancing for him , " it added . But for the school , the mascot and cheerleaders shouting "  Let 's go , Arabs , let 's go " are nothing new . The mascot dates back to the 1930s . Coachella Valley Unified School District Superintendent Darryl Adams says he is taking the concerns seriously . He believes his school district and the civil rights group can come to a compromise by altering the mascot 's caricature and removing features that insult Arab-Americans . "  It 's not so much the name but the depiction of the mascot , " Adams said . "  I 'm from Memphis , Tennessee , so I understand how people can look at different symbols and caricatures . I look at it as an educational opportunity for our students and staff to discuss it . "  Things evolve over time , and it 's the 21st Century and it 's 2013 , and this group feels we need to look at it and we will , " Adams said . The Arab mascot recognizes the influences of the Middle East in the area 's date farming , said Rich Ramirez , president of the Coachella Valley High School Alumni Association and a 1959 graduate of the high school . In the early 1900s , the U.S. Department of Agriculture acquired date shoots from Iraq and other Middle Eastern countries and used them to establish date orchards in the valley 's desert climate , Ramirez said . Some of the valley 's Arab-Americans -- largely of Lebanese background -- were involved in date farming , but they mostly ran men 's apparel stores and groceries , Ramirez said . By 1921 , the valley held its first date festival in Indio , and people who dressed in Arabian style were admitted free to the festival , he said . The Riverside County Fair and National Date Festival now attracts 300,000 people over 10 days every February , said Ramirez , a former board member of the Coachella Valley History Museum . Dates became a boon to the valley more than 90 miles east of downtown Los Angeles . The Coachella Valley , a popular winter retreat that includes Palm Springs , now produces 95 % of the country 's dates in two dozen varieties , Ramirez said . Middle Eastern influences are also reflected in community names of Mecca , Oasis and Arabia . The city of Coachella has street names of Damascus and Baghdad , and the valley 's largest city , Indio , has a street named Deglet Noor , a date variety , Ramirez said . By 1931 , the high school adopted the mascot name of Arabs , replacing the informal names of "  date pickers " or "  farmers " inspired by the area 's industry . It was a common way of nicknaming communities then , much like the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers , Ramirez said . "  We 're proud of Arab tradition and Arab culture , " Ramirez said . The high school band and drill team dresses in Arab style , and a girl in a genie costume dances during football halftimes , Ramirez said . Ramirez wants the school to keep the Arab mascot , but he 's willing to change the facial features , he said . "  The comment they make is that it has a hook-nose Arab . We have been using the snarling face to instill fear in the opponent . That 's what a mascot does . But we can put a handsome dude in the mascot , " Ramirez said . He noted how the community stood up for Arabs shortly after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  Work with us . Do n't come off like we 're something terrible . We 're not terrible . When 9/11 came , we got terrible , terrible threats to change the name of our mascot . We said no . "  People love the name ; they love the culture ; they love our date festival , " he added . The school district and the national group are meeting to see whether a resolution can be made , the affiliate reported . The issue will also be discussed at a board meeting November 21 . Superintendent Adams will brief the board in closed session on the potential legal implications of the mascot , but he expects there will be many public comments during the open board meeting , he said . It is unclear whether anything will change before the next game Friday night . A slur or term of ` honor ' ? Controversy heightens about Washington Redskins	NEW : Superintendent says mascot 's caricature may be changed as a compromise Mascot reflects Middle East influences on the area 's date orchards , alum says Coachella Valley produces 95 % of U.S. dates , cultivated from Mideast shoots Group says use of Arabs as a mascot is a "  gross stereotyping "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's surprise visit to Afghanistan on Tuesday included an extraordinary admission : "  Our goal is not to build a country in America 's image , or to eradicate every vestige of the Taliban . These objectives would require many more years , many more dollars and many more American lives . " Obama pledged to continue American support for a sovereign , peaceful state in Afghanistan . He also committed to withdraw all American combat soldiers by 2014 and diminish direct American efforts at nation-building . The president declared that the defeat of al Qaeda was "  within reach , " but he did not promise any specific political outcomes in the country where Americans have fought for more than 10 years . The speech and the strategic partnership agreement that the president signed begin the rapid withdrawal of American forces from the region . The White House has given little public attention to Afghanistan in the last two years , and it has continually lowered expectations . A recent upsurge in violence , homicidal acts allegedly by an American soldier and the offensive burning of Qurans in Afghanistan have turned whatever hope some might have had for the future of the region into despondence . The Obama administration has clearly determined that it can not succeed in bringing security and stability to Afghanistan . The United States will leave as quickly as it can , providing vague and limited assurances of support for Hamid Karzai 's government and new national institutions . This is not a victory or a vindication for American efforts . It is not an admission of defeat either . Obama is indeed correct that al Qaeda 's capabilities in Afghanistan are largely diminished , thanks in part to vastly expanded American drone strikes in the last three years . The president is also accurate when he explains that some Afghan institutions , especially the Afghan Security Forces , are more effective than they were before 2009 . Direct American talks with members of the Taliban have shown , according to the president , that some former supporters of that horrible regime now see a future for themselves in the new pro-Western government . These are all conditions that make Afghanistan far less threatening to its neighbors and the United States than it had been a decade earlier . Washington has accomplished that limited goal . Protecting this modest accomplishment while withdrawing American forces will drive policy in the next few months . Obama 's speech signals that he wants to assert that he has done enough and now must focus on other strategic priorities , including the weak U.S. economy . He will continue to try and keep Afghanistan out of the news , and he will quickly seek to reallocate precious financial and military resources from the region to other locations , especially East Asia and the Persian Gulf . The White House is rebalancing away from Central Asia . The promising opportunities for the United States are in the Arab world  now dominated by the Arab Spring  , not Afghanistan . This strategy will work to keep the United States safe from another major terrorist attack planned and executed on Afghan territory . American efforts will not , however , bring peace and stability to the region . Karzai will remain the president of Afghanistan , running a corrupt and incompetent government . Local warlords will continue to dominate politics outside Kabul , siphoning capital from productive uses to their personal enrichment . The Taliban will maintain its low-level insurgency , with support and shelter from Pakistan . In all of these ways , and others , Afghanistan will remain a failed state . Soon it will become a failed and ignored state , as it was in the years before September 11 , 2001 . A failed Afghan state that does not threaten the United States marks neither a victory nor a defeat for the Obama administration . The president correctly avoided the use of either word . As with other issues , Obama has found a pragmatic middle ground that protects core strategic needs , reduces risks and appeals to war-weary voters . He has placed safety for Americans above other worthy goals : democracy , human rights and development . Afghanistan will continue to suffer from violence , disunity , corruption and governmental collapse . These sources of instability will spread to other countries , especially neighboring Pakistan , and they will undermine long-term American interests . For the next year or so , however , the United States can withdraw and solidify some security gains . That is enough for Obama . It might not look like nearly enough a few years on . A strategic retreat in Afghanistan makes sense , but Afghans and Americans will pay a price . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeremi Suri .	Jeremi Suri : Obama 's speech represents start of rapid withdrawal from Afghan war Suri says the strategic retreat makes sense in the short run Suri says it leaves Afghanistan as a state with a corrupt government , Taliban threat In the long term , the risks for the U.S. and Afghanistan could increase , he says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A bomb planted on a bicycle at a political rally in southwestern Pakistan 's volatile Balochistan province killed seven people and wounded 12 on Friday , a senior police official said . The blast occurred as the provincial leader of the Awami National Party , part of Pakistan 's coalition government , took the stage to speak , said Wazir Khan Nasar , a police official in Quetta . The provincial leader , Aurangzaib Kasi , was among the wounded , he said . While there was no immediate claim of responsibility , authorities believe Kasi was targeted because of his party 's platform opposing extremism in Pakistan . The ANP , as the group is known locally , is the largest Pashtun party . Its strongholds are in Balochistan and Sindh provinces .	A bomb blast at a political rally in Pakistan kills seven people , an official says The blast is believed to have targeted a provincial political leader , police say The leader , Aurangzaib Kasi , is among the 12 wounded , the police say The bomb was planted on a bicycle , a senior police official says
CNN  -- Severed telecommunications cables disrupted ticketing and airport check-in systems at Alaska Airlines on Monday , creating long delays and cancellations for thousands of passengers traveling at the end of a busy holiday weekend . The Seattle-based airline said in a statement that it had to manually process passengers at key hubs after its Sprint network , which services ticketing , reservations and check-in , went down at 7:30 a.m. Pacific time . Service came back up around noon . Seventy mainline and regional flights affecting some 6,000 passengers were canceled . Delays , in some cases , reached four hours as the outage impacted operations at Seattle , Portland , Los Angeles and Anchorage . Alaska said it expected a handful of additional cancellations and residual delays as it worked to restore normal operations . The airline apologized to passengers , blaming the problem on a "  network outage . " Sprint spokeswoman Crystal Davis said communication cables were cut nearly simultaneously about 2,000 miles apart , knocking out service to some customers in the Pacific Northwest . The lines were severed near a railroad track between Chicago and Milwaukee and at a location between Tacoma , Washington , and Portland , Oregon . Alaska said it would place delayed passengers on later flights or arrange travel on other carriers . Passengers traveling on Monday and Tuesday were allowed to change their tickets in advance without paying a change fee . However , they were responsible for making up any difference in fares . Low-cost Alaska is the 10th largest U.S. airline , according to Transportation Department data . ` Epidemic level ' of laser attacks directed at planes Spilled soda blamed for loose jet seats How would you save American Airlines ?	Severed telecommunications lines disrupted Internet service in Northwest Service problem brought down ticketing , reservations systems at Alaska Airlines Seventy flights canceled , some 6,000 passengers affected ; More delays likely
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- President Cristina Fernandez on Tuesday defended an increase in export taxes on grains that has riled many farmers , and she called on them to respect the law in protesting her policies . President Cristina Fernandez : Calls on rally Wednesday to support her policies . "  All my life I have soldiered in this party , which always believed in social justice , in the redistribution of income , which caused us to win and lose elections , " she said in a nationally televised address from the presidential palace . "  But we were always respectful of the popular will . " Fernandez , of the center-left Peronist movement , made her plea for comity a day after massive demonstrations in various cities blocked traffic and paralyzed much of the country . In a concession to her critics , Fernandez said the increase in taxes on exports of grains that she instituted in March by decree will be debated by Congress . But there is little likelihood that the Congress will order major changes , since her party controls both houses . But Hilda Duhalde , an opponent of Fernandez , was not persuaded . "  It 's true that they have a majority in both houses , but we have to put white on black and watch out for the small - and medium-sized producers , who are the ones suffering , " she said . Argentina raised export taxes in March by more than 10 percent . Fernandez has said growers have benefited from rising world prices and the profits should be spread to help the poor . Farmers have countered that they need to reinvest the profits and that the higher taxes make it difficult for them to make a living . Fernandez said she was open to dialogue , but a dialogue that does not countenance the blocking of roads or other disruptions to the lives of Argentines . "  Democracy for the people , not the corporations , " she said . She called on Argentines to take to the Plaza de Mayo Wednesday in a show of support for her policies . "  It does n't matter what party , place or sector you 're from , " she said . "  What is important is not where you 're from , but where you are going -- what kind of country do we want ? " To those who do not agree with her policies , she had other advice . "  If they want to change the economic model , what they should do is organize a political party , participate in elections and win them , " she said . CNN 's Carolina Cayazzo contributed to this report .	President Cristina Fernandez appeals for dialogue , respect in national address Fernandez says profits from higher food prices should be spread among poor Farmers say higher taxes make it difficult for them to make a living
New York  CNN  -- Kerry Kennedy , the daughter of the late Robert F. Kennedy and ex-wife of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , said a partial seizure is the cause of a Friday morning car crash . At a press conference on Tuesday , Kennedy also said the seizure might have been from a previous injury she suffered on the right side of her brain . Kennedy , 52 , was found by state police behind the wheel of her damaged Lexus SUV . A New York State Police press release said the SUV collided with a tractor-trailer . Kennedy charged in hit-and-run At a hearing on Tuesday in district court in North Castle , New York , Kennedy pleaded not guilty to charges of driving while impaired . The judge released her under her own recognizance . At the press conference after the hearing , Kennedy said she told the officer who arrived at the scene : "  It is theoretically possible that I might have taken an Ambien rather than a thyroid pill " earlier that morning . Kennedy said she remembers nothing of her alleged erratic driving , from getting on the highway until the officer stopped her at a traffic light . "  A subsequent investigation found Kennedy to be operating the motor vehicle while her ability was impaired by drugs , " police said in announcing the charge against her on Friday . At Tuesday 's press conference , Kennedy said she went to Northern Westchester Hospital , where she was tested for recreational drugs , prescription drugs and alcohol . Kennedy said the results came up negative . Commerce secretary resigns after seizure , two auto accidents She did not say whether her thyroid medication showed up in the test results . Determined to understand her medical condition , Kennedy said she visited Mount Sinai Medical Center , where she underwent "  a full battery of neurological testing . " "  Doctors believe that the crash was caused not by a sleeping aid , but by a complex partial seizure , " Kennedy said . She did not take questions . This is the second time this year that a high-profile person suffered a seizure that resulted in a car accident . In June , U.S. Commerce Secretary John Bryson , who has since resigned , was involved in two car crashes in the Los Angeles area before being found unconscious in his car , police said . Bryson was not charged . Seizures : When ` electrical brainstorm ' hits	Police say Kennedy hit a tractor-trailer on Friday morning She says doctors say she suffered a "  complex partial seizure " Kennedy pleads not guilty to charge of driving while impaired
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Imagine living inside a cramped , rolling and swaying 70 foot yacht for 40 days non-stop . Jerry Kirby  l  and Ken Read  r  speak with CNN from aboard the Puma Racing Volvo Ocean Race boat That 's exactly what 55 sailors across five teams competing in the grueling Volvo Ocean Race have just done . Sailing from Qingdao , China all the way to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , the teams crossed 12,500 nautical miles as they journeyed along the fifth leg of the round-the-world race . During the journey , the skipper of Puma Racing , Ken Read , and the boat 's bowman , Jerry Kirby , spoke with MainSail 's Shirley Robertson via a video link from aboard the boat . Read told CNN MainSail , "  We are about 1,400 miles from our final destination , Rio , and we ca n't wait to get there ... it has been a long time . " Via the video link , the skipper and his team-mates showed Shirley Robertson around the boat -- including the sleeping quarters , the navigation technology , the technical equipment on deck , and the food . Could you cope for 40 days in the challenging conditions of a round-the-world yacht ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box Watch the tour of the Puma Racing boat " The Puma boat and all of the other boats in the race are in constant contact with the Volvo Ocean Race headquarters in the United Kingdom . Chief executive of the Volvo Ocean Race , Knut Frostad , told CNN the technology means the position of the boats is updated every 15 seconds , and it is possible to speak with the sailors instantly . Despite this technology being helpful for safety purposes , he said it is important not too overuse the resource . "  Some of the fascinating stories with this race are from the mystery . In the old days , before the 1990s , no-one knew what had happened before the boats arrived in port . "  I think there 's a great balance we need to take care of there . It 's not always about ` more is better , ' " he said .	Watch as Volvo Ocean Race skipper Ken Read shows CNN around Puma Read shows the boat 's living quarters via video link during the race Puma is currently sitting second in the lengthy round-the-world event
OPRAH.com  -- If there 's anything Oprah Winfrey knows for sure , it 's what the love of a dog can do for your life . "  There is nothing in the world like puppy love , " Oprah says . Inmates at the Fishkill Correctional Facility work with the dogs to prepare them to help wounded troops . Still , dogs are more than just companions . They can be the eyes for those who ca n't see , lead those who ca n't walk and calm people suffering from conditions like post-traumatic stress disorder . Where do these service dogs get their start ? For some , it all begins behind prison walls ... At the Fishkill Correctional Facility in upstate New York , more than 1,600 men convicted of abuse , robbery and murder are serving their time . "  I 've been incarcerated for robbery in the first degree , " an inmate named Michael says . "  I really had no regards for other people . It was always me , me , me , me . " Now , a groundbreaking program called Puppies Behind Bars is transforming these offenders . Inmates are given 8-week-old puppies and taught to train them to become service dogs for the disabled , including wounded soldiers . The puppies and prisoners are together 24 hours a day . The puppies sleep in crates in the inmates ' cells . In return , the puppies give the prisoners something many of them have never experienced before -- unconditional love . "  I 'm going to make my family and those around me proud of me again . Joining this program , it helped me to give myself a sense of pride again . To know that by nurturing and raising these dogs to their fullest potential , that I could give back . " Oprah.com : Amazing animal friendships you have to see Animal lover and five-time Academy Award nominee Glenn Close first learned about Puppies Behind Bars when she volunteered to help inmates at the women 's prison in her town . She was so moved by the impact of the program that she called "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " herself to share this story . "  We know the bond that can be created between humans and animals . And there is common knowledge that it 's a healing quality , " she says . "  The bond that 's created between inmates -- who never knew love , never knew responsibility , have only been told that they 're worthless -- and the bond that they then train their dogs to establish with these wounded returning veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan is changing their lives . " Oprah.com : 10 inspiring pets Roberto is an inmate whose life has been changed by the program . Convicted of second-degree murder , Roberto has been in prison since he was 17 . "  I am now 33 years old . I wish I could turn back the hands of time for the hurt and pain that I 've caused so many people , especially my victim 's family , " he says . Roberto was chosen for Puppies Behind Bars and immediately bonded with his yellow lab , Frankie . "  From the moment I got her , it was amazing , " he says . "  There was some beautiful moments in here that I shared with my puppy . " Eventually , Frankie had to move on -- and Roberto had to say goodbye . "  The first night I was without Frankie , I have to say it was a long night , " he says . "  It was hard for me to realize that the next morning I was going to wake up and not actually feed her that morning . " Since leaving Roberto , Frankie has become a lifeline for Sgt. Allen Hill , who suffers from traumatic brain injury and severe combat-related post-traumatic stress disorder after he was hit by a roadside bomb in Iraq . Frankie helps Sgt. Hill overcome his paralyzing , violent flashbacks by kissing his face . After a few months together , Sgt. Hill and Frankie return to Fishkill to meet Roberto . When Frankie sees Roberto , she takes off running . "  She looks beautiful , " Roberto says . Sgt. Hill thanks Roberto for all that he 's done . "  Frankie has been there for me . She 's been my rock when I 've needed her to help me out with a flashback or a nightmare . I can do things that for a year and a half I could n't do , " Sgt. Hill says . Roberto is moved . "  This is an overwhelming feeling , and to see you is breathtaking , " he says . "  And to see what Frankie had done in your life . " Oprah.com : Animals that are working hard every day Now paroled , Roberto is expected to be released from prison this summer , but what he learned from Puppies Behind Bars will stay with him forever . "  Being able to be involved in the puppy program has taught me to be a responsible person , " he says . "  It has taught me patience . " Sgt. Hill , his wife , Gina , say Frankie has changed their lives . "  The biggest difference that Frankie has made in my life was , one , she allowed me the opportunity to go back to church , " he says . "  And , two , she 's helping me gain my independence back so I 'm not so reliant on Gina and other family members . " Gina says she 's starting to see her husband 's playful , energetic side come through once again . "  We 're starting to see that side of him again that we have n't seen in the year and a half he 's been home from Iraq , " she says . "  Frankie has brought my sons their daddy home . She has lit the light back in him that had been so dark . " Perhaps the greatest legacy of Puppies Behind Bars is the lesson of love each inmate learns . Jesse , another prisoner at the Fishkill Correctional Facility , is currently training Joy , his third dog . "  She brought forth in me the ability to love again . It had been so dormant in me for so long because of the cold place that I 'm in , " he says . "  I did n't know that I could love again , and we all get to see how greatly these dogs affect the lives of the people that they touch . " From The Oprah Winfrey Show 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Inmates at Fishkill Correctional Facility train puppies behind bars The pups will become service dogs for U.S. troops injured in Iraq , Afghanistan Dog Frankie helps Sgt. Allen Hill overcome paralyzing , violent flashbacks Trainer Roberto says Frankie taught him patience , responsibility
CNN  -- When it comes to the richest horse race on the European circuit , the girls are definitely beating the boys . Treve became the third successive filly to win the $ 5.4 million Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in Paris on Sunday , following in the example of Solemia and Danedream , plus Zarkava in 2008 . The French-bred three-year-old romped to the fifth successive race win of her career , beating Japanese favorite Orfevre by five lengths at Longchamp . Jockey Thierry Jarnet made the most of his late call-up as replacement for Frankie Dettori , who broke his ankle on Wednesday , as the 46-year-old captured his third Arc -- and first since 1994 . "  It was a different era when I was riding for Andre Fabre and I 'm just pleased to show I can still be effective , " Jarnet said . "  This is beautiful , more in a way for the filly than for myself , as I have a strong affinity with her . " Trained by Criquette Head-Maarek , who in 1979 became the first woman to prepare an Arc winner , Treve is owned by Qatar 's Sheikh Joaan Bin Hamad Al Thani . "  I want to say thank you to Frankie Dettori as he rode an amazing race on her in the Prix Vermeille . I said to save her for today and he did , " Head-Maarek said of Treve , which also won last month 's Grade One warmup race to be only the sixth horse to complete that double . "  I am sorry he is not here today . The way she won was incredible . She was wide the whole way and was traveling so easily the jockey just said he just let her go . "  I 'm surprised how well she won , as we 've never pushed her . I thought she had six gears , but today she put the seventh one on . " Treve 's connections said her triumph came despite running with "  her nose the the wind . " "  The right horse always manages to get herself out of difficult situations , " Jarnet said . Breeder Alec Head added : "  It is extraordinary ! She had the worst possible race and yet won brilliantly . What a filly ! I have trained good horses , but ones like that ... " It was another disappointment for the thousands of Japanese fans who again flocked to Longchamp , with Orfevre falling short for the second year in a row "  Treve took off at the 350 and we could n't follow her , " said his Belgian jockey Christophe Soumillon . "  I was hoping she would stop , but she did n't . I 'm very sorry for the Japanese fans , owners and trainers who want to win this beautiful race and keep finishing second . " Another Japanese hopeful , Kizuna , was fourth behind Fabre 's German-bred , French-trained Intello .	Treve wins Europe 's biggest racing prize , the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe French filly wins by five lengths from Japanese favorite Orfevre It is the third year in a row that a filly has beaten the colts at l'Arc Orfevre was also runner-up last year , disappointing the visiting Japanese fans
CNN Student News  -- October 21 , 2011 Media Literacy Question of the Day Why do you think that journalists often use multiple sources when reporting on a major news story ? Can you think of scenarios in which a journalist would publish a story based on a single source ? Explain . * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Whose national memorial was dedicated on the National Mall on October 16 ? * * 2 . What nation agreed to exchange 1,027 Palestinian prisoners for one of its captured soldiers ? * * 3 . This week is designated for raising safety awareness among teens engaging in what activity ? * * 4 . In what U.S. city was a Republican presidential debate held on October 18 ? * * 5 . Engineers have discovered that the tower that houses Big Ben is leaning . What kind of object is Big Ben ? * * 6 . Who became the first U.S. Cabinet-level official to visit Libya since the fall of former leader Moammar Gadhafi ? * * 7 . In what country did protesters hold a two-day strike against recent austerity measures ? * * 8 . On Thursday , California held a preparedness drill for what kind of natural disaster ? * * 9 . What U.S. government agency agreed to a deal with most American wireless companies that would warn consumers about some cell phone fees ? * * 10 . On what continent will you find the capital cities of Kampala and Kinshasa ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
Beijing , China  CNN  -- "  Mr. Ambassador , as time goes on we know that the odds of my son and the other relatives on the plane having survived becomes smaller and smaller , " said a grey-haired man named Wen . As he addressed the Malaysian diplomat seated at a table just a few feet away in the packed Beijing hotel conference room , Wen began sobbing uncontrollably into a microphone . It had been more than 45 days since his son disappeared aboard missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 . "  To know that somebody is alive , you need to see them . To know that somebody is dead , you need to see the body . That 's all I ask of you , " Wen concluded , weeping . Members of the audience sobbed quietly in their seats . Visibly uncomfortable , the representative from Malaysia 's embassy in Beijing , could do little more than repeat his government 's talking points . "  There 's a team coming to answer your questions . Let them come . Let them come , " he pleaded . But the words from deputy chief of mission Bala Chandran Tharman only angered the relatives . They erupted into fist-waving chants : "  Live up to commitments ! No more delays ! No more lies ! " Each day seems to bring another disappointment to the hundreds of Chinese relatives waiting for news about missing loved ones . 153 Chinese nationals flew aboard the ill-fated flight . For more than a month , Malaysian Airlines has housed hundreds of their relatives in a number of Beijing hotels . From their improvised headquarters in Beijing 's Lido Hotel , the families have set up committees , published press releases , printed T-shirts and hats with the slogan "  Pray for MH370 , " while also coordinating information with the next of kin of passengers from other countries . This agonizing limbo has been punctuated by highly emotional and contentious daily briefings held with Malaysian officials in a windowless conference room in the Lido Hotel . Last week , relatives stormed out of the hall en masse after technical glitches left a panel of Malaysian technical experts mute on a giant screen . The long-awaited video conference with Kuala Lumpur was a complete failure . "  You 're all bloody liars , and you 're lying to us again now ! " one representative yelled , as relatives marched out of the room . A committee representing passengers ' families in Beijing has continued pressing its case , demanding answers to highly technical questions that were translated and submitted in writing to the Malaysian government . To better understand the final moments before Flight MH370 was believed to have crashed into the Indian Ocean , they wanted the audio recording of the crew 's last radio communications with air traffic controllers , an explanation of how many emergency locator transmitters -LSB- ELT 's -RSB- the plane was carrying and whether or not the ELT 's activated as intended at the moment the aircraft hit the ocean . "  You need to do it yourself , " explained a young Chinese physicist on the families ' technical committee , who had helped draw up the questions . The man asked not to be identified , because he was keeping his father 's disappearance a secret for fear of upsetting his elderly grandmother . For several days after the failed video conference , Malaysian diplomats did not appear at daily briefings . Instead a representative of Malaysian airlines addressed increasingly hostile family members . Last Friday , he pledged that a high-level team of technical experts would come to Beijing the following Monday to brief the family members . But that Monday , Malaysia informed family members there had been a last-minute change of plan . "  The authorities in Malaysia would like to move forward in the endeavor to address the missing flight MH370 , " said Tharman , the Malaysian deputy chief of mission . "  While keeping in mind that the family have many questions regarding technical issues , the authorities over the weekend put the view that these important questions should be taken up a little later at an appropriate time and place . " The message was not well received . For nearly three hours , Chinese relatives took turns yelling , begging and cursing at the Malaysian . "  Are you hiding things from us ? Are there things you are not willing to tell us ? " said Jack Song , a spokesman for the families whose wife was a passenger . In these highly emotional confrontations , it is clear that many of the Chinese next of kin believe their missing loved ones are still alive . "  We have not given up hope . We dare to hope . We dare to believe , " said Mr. Wen during his tearful speech on Monday . However , hope has become a dangerous emotion , according to a psychologist who has helped treat some of the next of kin . "  That 's a dangerous thing when you artificially manifest hope which in the end can not be sustained . You are setting them up for a fall , " said Paul Yin , a counselling psychologist who also treated victims of Asiana Airlines flight 214 , which crashed in California in 2013 killing at least three people . But Yin said Malaysian authorities bore some responsibility for the crisis . "  So many of the moves that they have taken are just so wrong , " Yin said . Malaysian officials sent to brief Chinese families are armed with little to no information on the search for the plane . Meanwhile , in the eyes of many passengers ' relatives , contradictory statements from Kuala Lumpur have shaken the credibility of Malaysian officials charged with leading the investigation . Lack of information has led many to suspect a cover-up , an accusation Malaysian authorities have repeatedly denied . While repeatedly challenging the Malaysian government , the passengers ' families face clear limits that appear to have been set by the Chinese authorities . On Friday , the family committee announced plans to hold a prayer ceremony for missing spouses in a park near the Lido Hotel . Instead , the service was held in the same conference room . Dozens of men and women sat cross-legged on the floor , weeping in front of a banner that said : "  Honey , it 's not home without you . " After the ceremony , the spouses -- many dressed in "  Pray for MH370 " T-shirts and baseball hats , marched out of the hotel to the park . They were closely followed by uniformed and plain-clothed Chinese police . After a short speech in front of the park gates , they drifted back to their hotel . "  It 's just like big cage , " said Steven Wang , when asked about the hotel . The 26 year old has become one of the main international spokespeople for the committee of family members . "  It is full of bad emotion ... we feel sad and angry and exhausted , " Wang added .	CNN 's Ivan Watson : Each day brings another disappointment to relatives waiting for news Malaysian Airlines has housed relatives in a number of Beijing hotels , he writes Watson : A committee representing the families has continued pressing its case Malaysian officials sent to brief Chinese families are armed with little to no information , he says
CNN  -- Squash , the bridesmaid of racquet sports , will hope to finally recognize its Olympic dream after winning a place on the shortlist of candidates to be included at the 2020 Games . While tennis , table tennis and badminton have long been on the Olympic agenda , squash has failed to impress the International Olympic Committee during its previous attempts , with campaigns to be included at London 2012 and Rio de Janeiro 2016 falling on deaf ears . But Wednesday 's announcement by the IOC means it , along with wrestling and the combined baseball/softball bid , will have the chance of securing the one final place in September 's vote . There is the offer of a reprieve for wrestling , which was dropped from the program in February , while baseball and softball were axed after the 2008 Games but have since streamlined their competitions in order to win back favor . Wrestling had long been considered an iconic Olympic sport having been part of the Games since its inception in 1896 and missing out just once -- at Paris in 1900 . Both freestyle and Greco-Roman wrestling had been mainstays of the Olympics , but this year 's shock decision led to the sport 's chief Raphael Martinetti resigning as President of the International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles . Golf and rugby sevens are two new sports to be included at Rio next year and squash is now hoping it will finally make its debut in 2020 . "  This is a great day for squash as it takes us one step closer to realizing our long-held ambition to join the Olympic Games , " Malaysia 's seven-time world champion Nicol David said in a statement following the announcement . "  I said to the  IOC  Executive Board that the one big regret in my career is that I have never had the chance to compete in the Olympic Games , but I would happily trade all my seven world titles for the chance of Olympic gold . "  Hopefully that showed what competing in the Games means to me . It was a true honor to play a part in our presentation and I will do everything I can as we head towards Buenos Aires to help our campaign . " Squash will now hope to succeed where the likes of wushu , wakeboarding , roller sports , karate and sport climbing failed , missing out on contention for consideration . The sport has tried to make itself more attractive to the IOC , using all-glass courts , video review systems and a white ball to help make it more spectator-friendly . "  Squash would grow all over the world with the Olympic Movement , " World Squash Federation President N. Ramachandran said in a statement . "  We are a growing , global sport played in 185 countries by millions across the world . "  We offer the genuine prospect of new nations on the medal podium . We would be easy and low cost to integrate into the Olympic Games with just 64 athletes , two competition courts that can be built in days and we have a great track record of being hosted in iconic locations . "  I think all these elements were important considerations for the IOC Executive Board . It is critical now that we build further momentum and support ahead of the IOC member vote in Buenos Aires on September 8 , and this is what the global squash family is completely focused on . " The IOC uses 39 criteria to decide which sports make it through to the Games , with categories such as popularity , good governance and respect for the Olympic values all taken into consideration . IOC president Jacques Rogge , who is set to step down in September following a 12-year term , told reporters he was impressed with the presentations put before the 14 board members . "  The Executive Board received excellent presentations today from eight International Federations , " he said . "  It was never going to be an easy decision but I feel my colleagues on the board made a good decision in selecting baseball/softball , squash and wrestling to be put forward in Buenos Aires . "  I wish the three shortlisted sports the best of luck in the run-up to the vote in September and would like to thank the other sports for their hard work and dedication . "	Squash , baseball/softball and wrestling shortlisted as potential sports for 2020 Olympics Vote to be held by International Olympic Committee in Argentina in early September Winning candidate will be added to the 25 core sports , plus golf and rugby sevens IOC president Jacques Rogge impressed with presentations for final remaining place
CNN  -- Pastor Brady Boyd calls it the "  highlight of my ministry " -- seeing the parents of the man who shot up his church be embraced by the parents of two teenage sisters who were killed in the attack . A former roommate took this photo of Matthew Murray performing in a 2002 Christmas program . "  The four of them met and hugged and cried , " said Boyd , the senior pastor at New Life Church in Colorado Springs , Colorado . "  It made me evaluate my own life and think , ` Is there anyone I 'm not forgiving ? ' " Boyd was referring to a meeting on January 3 between Ron and Loretta Murray , whose 24-year-old son Matthew carried out the December 9 attack at New Life Church , and David and Marie Works , whose daughters , Stephanie , 18 , and Rachael , 16 , were killed in the rampage . David Works also was wounded in the shootings . Learn more about the victims " The pastor said he invited the Murrays to visit the New Life campus after praying over the holidays . The family immediately accepted his invitation and was given a guided "  step-by-step " tour of where the rampage took place and shown where their son died . "  It was extremely emotional . They wanted to hear the details . I kept telling them I would stop with details , but they wanted to hear them , " he told CNN in a phone interview this week . At one point , the parents also met with security guard Jeanne Assam , who shot their son in the leg before he turned his gun on himself . The parents thanked Assam for her swift action and for helping save more lives , said Casey Nikoloric , a Murray family spokeswoman and long-time friend . "  They told Assam that they were so deeply sorry she had to do what she did , " said Nikoloric . "  There were tears , lots of embraces , prayers . " The visit , she said , was "  very , very , very important " in the healing process for the Murrays as they deal with the loss of their son and the terror he inflicted . Boyd agreed . "  I thought this would be best for the Murrays , " he said , adding that it touched everyone involved . "  I 've never seen repentance and forgiveness as profound as I did that day . " The Murrays toured the church with their other son , Christopher , 20 , a student at Oral Roberts University . The Murrays met the Works in Boyd 's office . He said he also asked the Murrays to share "  some of the good memories " of Matthew as a boy . "  It put it in context : This kid was raised in an upper middle-class home and had every chance to do well , " Boyd said . "  You wonder what went wrong for Matthew . They described Matthew as any parent would describe their son . " The pastor said he did n't tell many people about the meeting before it happened , fearing it "  could have gotten volatile and hostile . " "  It was risky , but I knew enough about the Murrays to know they were mature and good people , " he said . On Sunday , he began his sermon by telling his congregation about what had transpired just a few days earlier . He was met with loud applause . Matthew Murray began his assault that day at the Youth With a Mission center in Arvada , Colorado , killing two people -- Tiffany Johnson , 26 , and Philip Crouse , 24 -- and wounding two others before he went to the New Life Church , about 80 miles away . The Murrays visited the mission center December 12 and met with the families of the slain victims , according to Nikoloric . "  The depth of our sorrow and our grief is greater than we could possibly describe , " the Murrays said in a written statement . "  But with thanks to God , these remarkable families and their pastors and churches , healing and reconciliation have begun . " E-mail to a friend	Parents of church shooter meet with victims ' family They "  met and hugged and cried , " pastor says Matthew Murray , 24 , killed four people in two shootings , before killing himself His parents also thanked guard who shot their son
CNN  -- Stephen McCullough and his partner , Brandon Hembree , lost just about everything in their second-story Joplin apartment , but they 're not dwelling on that -- they 're just glad to be alive . "  I thought we were going to collapse and end up on the first floor , " McCullough said , recounting the few minutes the two of them spent huddled in the corner of their bathroom . "  I still think I 'm a little in shock . I 've had some tearful times . " It 's hard to even fathom how someone could return to work the day after a tornado like this , but particularly for someone with a job like McCullough 's : He works as a crisis counselor , helping people cope with disasters . " -LSB- Sometimes it 's -RSB- a little difficult hearing other stories , " McCullough admitted . "  But it just feels normal to help other people , and it kind of helps me not focus on everything -LSB- at home -RSB- . " "  But you just go through it , try to breathe and focus on what you can do for them , " he said . "  You kind of have to compartmentalize things , you know ? This -LSB- here at home -RSB- is different than what I 'm having to do at work . " McCullough works at Ozark Center , the area 's largest behavioral health care provider , where Debbie Fitzgerald supervises crisis intervention services . She said now that the initial shock is starting to subside , more people are seeking professional help for their mental well-being . "  It 's been the toughest four or five days of my entire career , " Fitzgerald said , adding that this Wednesday , they saw four times the normal customer volume . "  Really , all anyone wants is a happy life , and right now , I do n't think there are very many in Joplin . " "  Most of them are searching for a loved one or have lost everything . " Difficulty sleeping , an inability to focus or concentrate , and a lack of  or increase  in appetite are all signs that it may be time to meet with a counselor . "  The effects emotionally on even the rescue workers and those still searching are just so overwhelming for everyone , even those of us trying to help them cope , " Fitzgerald said . Case in point : McCullough said that even he wanted the tables turned on him and asked colleagues for a debriefing session of his own . "  It 's helpful . It kind of helps me refocus and get back in the game . " Ozark Center 's toll-free hotline is 800-247-0661 . The center prefers that customers call before visiting , but walk-ins are welcome . The building where the counselors typically work was destroyed in the tornado , so Ozark Center is operating its crisis prevention facility in Freeman Hospital 's third-floor patient education room . Counseling services are free .	Stephen McCullough and his partner lost just about everything in their Joplin apartment "  I still think I 'm a little in shock . I 've had some tearful times , " he said But he returned to work the day after the city 's devastating tornado He says it can be tough to listen to others ' troubles , but doing so takes his mind off his own
CNN  -- Hang onto your luggage , Boeing wants to fly you into space -- at least into low-Earth orbit . The aerospace company and a Virginia company have reached a preliminary agreement to sell seats on Boeing commercial crew spacecraft to individuals , companies , nongovernmental organizations , and U.S. federal agencies , Boeing said in a news release . The price of flights has n't been decided but will be announced when full-scale development gets going . Virginia-based Space Adventures Ltd. has already successfully contracted and flown seven people on missions to the International Space Station , Boeing said . "  By combining our talents , we can better offer safe , affordable transportation to commercial spaceflight customers , " said Brewster Shaw , vice president and general manager of Boeing 's Space Exploration division . The partnership still needs NASA and its international partners in the International Space Station to sign on , because that 's where the space tourists would go . Such flights would meet NASA 's intent to promote space commerce in low-Earth orbit , Boeing said . Meanwhile , the aerospace company is pushing ahead on the design for its CST-100 spacecraft , which can carry seven people . The spacecraft can fly on multiple launch vehicles and is expected to be operational by 2015 , Boeing said . "  We are excited about the potential to offer flights on Boeing 's spacecraft , " said Eric Anderson , co-founder and chairman of Space Adventures . "  With our customer experience and Boeing 's heritage in human spaceflight , our goal is not only to benefit the individuals who fly to space , but also to help make the resources of space available to the commercial sector by bringing the value from space back to Earth . " Space Adventures says it offers terrestrial weightless flights to orbital missions and flights to the edge of space and has sent customers on more than 2,000 hours in space , traveling over 35 million miles .	Prices have n't been announced yet Boeing 's partner has already flown seven people to the International Space Station The company expects its CST-100 spacecraft to be operational by 2015
CNN  -- CNN asked two contributors , both steeped in the political arts , to give advice to the candidates for Wednesday night 's debate . Here are their thoughts : Paul Begala 's advice for Mitt Romney : A quarter-century ago , George F. Will wrote that in a meeting with atomic scientists , President Ronald Reagan quoted Jack London : "  I would rather be ashes than dust , I would rather my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze , Than it should be stifled in dry rot . I would rather be a superb meteor , With every atom of me in magnificent glow , Than a sleepy and permanent planet . " The Gipper followed that powerful poetry with some classic Reagan common sense . He said the Oakland Raiders quarterback Ken Stabler was asked what London 's lines meant . Stabler replied : "  Throw deep . " How to watch , Clip and Share the debate That should be Mitt Romney 's strategy in tonight 's debate : Throw deep . Here 's the problem : the one time in his cautious , careful , risk-averse candidacy that Romney gambled , he lost . Putting Paul Ryan on the ticket has been a disaster . Ryan 's budget ideas -- voucherizing Medicare , privatizing Social Security , gutting education and giving tax breaks to the rich -- are toxic . The Romney-Ryan budget plan has cemented Romney 's image as Gordon Gekko on a bad day ; Thurston Howell III on a good one . Opinion : How will debates sway the undecideds ? Romney 's aides are right when they tell the press a debate is a series of moments , and they are wise to try to craft some moments . But they are fools for telling The New York Times : "  Romney 's  strategy includes luring the president into appearing smug or evasive about his responsibility for the economy . " First , let me assure you our president reads The New York Times and has almost certainly deployed his Spock-like mind on avoiding smugness or evasion . Any strategy that relies on your opponent to err is a hope , not a strategy . Instead of hoping for President Obama to be a jerk , Romney should surprise us by being human . He should acknowledge the obvious : that his party made a hash of things the last time they ran the economy : squandering the surplus , generating trillions in debt , deregulating Wall Street , waging war on the national credit card . Opinion : Debate is all about trust for Romney By pushing off the GOP 's errors , Romney would build credibility as a sensible moderate . Then , and only then , he could be believable when he attacks the Obama economic record . Breaking with the failed orthodoxy of his own party 's past was something Ronald Reagan was capable of . But Mitt Romney is no Ronald Reagan . And he 's certainly no Ken Stabler . Romney was not a quarterback , throwing deep . He was , and remains , a cheerleader , furiously praising his team 's efforts . Even when they have demonstrably failed . Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , is senior adviser to Priorities USA Action , the biggest super PAC favoring President Barack Obama 's re-election . Begala was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House . Opinion : Candidates , stop vying to be debate underdog Alex Castellanos ' advice for Barack Obama : Mr. President , my advice for you in your debate tomorrow : Have a cigarette . No , seriously . If I were your advisor , I 'd urge you to remember that you are the president , and we only have one of those . A president 's stature is hard to match . Do n't throw it away by becoming a political attack dog . Yes , you need a good offense or Romney will put you on defense , which you do n't want . Hey , you 've got a lot that needs defending ! But keep your famous cool and make Romney come up to your level . Eatocracy : How the candidates should eat before the debates Remember , a tie goes to the incumbent . Mitt Romney has to make the case for change or Americans will keep what they 've got . The pressure is on him . Keep your chin down . No , literally . You tend to get a bit arrogant sometimes . At times , you 've even bragged about your modesty . Debate night is not the time to repeat your suggestion that you might be one of the four greatest presidents in American history . Opinion : Why debate is crucial for Obama , too Quote Bill Clinton . I know this one sticks in your craw : You do n't believe Clinton is in your same league . Remember , however , that his speech at the Democratic convention was n't just an endorsement , it was a campaign plan . Follow it . Tell America that Clinton was right , things are getting better and your priority for the next 4 years is reducing the deficit . Give voters a signal that you wo n't need the Democratic Party 's left wing after you are re-elected . Let the center know you may have fooled around with crazy spending your first term , but if re-elected , you 'll be faithful , live on the family budget and settle down at home with them . Oh yes , and mean it . Alex Castellanos , a CNN contributor , is a Republican consultant and the co-founder of Purple Strategies . Follow him on Twitter : @alexcast . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	CNN asked two political contributors for advice for the presidential debaters Paul Begala , a Democrat , says Romney should admit flaws in GOP orthodoxy Alex Castellanos , a Republican , says Obama should relax , act presidential He urges Obama to signal to political center that he will focus on cutting spending
CNN  -- Cape Town is being overrun by farms . They 're spilling out of parking lots , overtaking lawns , even growing out of old TV sets . "  You do n't need something fancy to grow in . We have some people grow in toilets and make worm farms in old baths , " says Louise Vaughan , the field area manager at Soil For Life , a non-profit that teaches gardening and nutrition to Capetonians . The city is in the grips of a vegolution , and it 's thanks to the efforts of local food activists , hoping to use these urban farms as a means of battling not just hunger , but poverty as well . Some of Soil For Life 's students say the lessons have changed their lives for ever . "  I used to eat a lot of junk food . Now I 've changed over . This morning , I had an omelet with things from the garden : spinach , Chinese cabbage , even the stinging nettle , " says Abdul , who set up his own garden after completing Soil For Life 's 12-week course . Cavalleria Primary School , set in one of Cape Town 's more disadvantaged neighborhoods , also saw positive changes the lives of their students once they introduced their own food garden . "  Five years ago , our children had lots of white spots on their head . We had medical intervention . It was a sign of malnutrition , " recalls school principal Hurshele Carolissen . "  Since then , children have taken ownership of this garden . General health has improved , their weight has picked up because they are getting good nutrition . The classroom performance has improved , " he says . In the last few years , Cape Town has witnessed the proliferation of hundreds of community gardens and urban farms . Abalimi is one organization that has worked to link the city 's new micro-farmers with the types of middle-earners eager to fill their cupboards with local , organic produce . Rob Small , Abalimi 's co-founder , says that there are hundreds of community farms eager to join their network , though currently about 40 are members . "  There has been huge growth , " admits Small . "  I think people generally are feeling they want to do something , I think all of us are . We realize by buying something ethically , that gives us an enormous power to change the system . "	Urban farms are taking Cape Town , South Africa by storm Some people grow them out of old toilets and TV sets Food activists hope the movement will also generate income
CNN  -- The search for the data and voice recorders from the Air France plane that crashed more than a month ago off Brazil 's coast is entering a new phase , according to France 's accident investigation agency . Searchers have discovered hundreds of pieces of wreckage from Air France Flight 447 . All 228 people aboard the plane were killed in the June 1 crash . The flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder , commonly known as black boxes , stop giving out acoustic broadcasts after 30 days . But investigators decided to continue listening for the "  pings " for 10 days after that . Now , the two U.S. naval vessels and a French Navy submarine will halt their search for the recorders which investigators hope will shed light on exactly how the plane crashed . The second phase of the search will involve France 's oceanographic ship "  Pourquoi Pas ? " which carries specialized exploration and intervention vehicles , according to the French air accident investigation agency known as the BEA . The French vessel will conduct new searches using diving equipment and towed sonar , the BEA said . Finding the recorders is of "  capital importance , " and "  no effort must be spared in achieving this end , " Air France has said . "  We want to stress that for the sake of the families , we hope that the search for the black boxes will be successful , " an Air France representative said . This month , investigators revealed that the plane bellyflopped intact into the Atlantic Ocean . Investigator Alain Bouillard said it was still not clear what caused the crash , the deadliest in Air France 's 75-year history . The mountainous ocean floor in the search area ranges from 3,280 to 15,091 feet , BEA officials have said , making the search for the recorders -- and the rest of the plane 's debris -- difficult . "  It is as if it fell in the Andes , " said Olivier Ferrante , chief of the BEA search mission . Flight 447 went down in stormy weather while flying from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris , France . Brazil called off the search for bodies June 27 , having found 51 of the 228 people who died , according to the military . Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane , along with luggage , Bouillard said .	Plane went down off Brazil on June 1 , killing all 228 aboard Voice , data recorders stop broadcasting after 30 days Investigators planned to keep listening for 10 additional days French oceanographic ship will conduct new searches
CNN  -- A convicted murderer who was pardoned this month in a controversial move by outgoing Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , has been found in Wyoming , Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood announced Monday . Joseph Ozment was served with papers at a hotel in Laramie , Wyoming , where he had been staying under another name , his office said . As he was fleeing in his girlfriend 's car , Ozment bumped an officer and sped from the parking lot . He later returned to the hotel on foot , denying he had been behind the wheel , Hood said . The officer was not seriously hurt . Ozment 's whereabouts had been unknown since he was picked up by his mother on January 8 after his release . "  We said we would find him , and we did , " said Hood . "  Now , we will let the court decide what happens from here . " Ozment is one of four convicted murderers Barbour pardoned this month . He did not appear at a court hearing in a case challenging the pardons . Hood has said officials wanted to serve Ozment with a document telling him to appear in court . If he does not comply , a judge has the authority to hold him in contempt , the attorney general 's office said . A Jackson , Mississippi , judge is expected to hear the case this week . As he closed out his second term as governor , Barbour granted "  full pardons " -- meaning the convict 's record is effectively wiped clean -- to more than 200 people found guilty of a variety of crimes . All four of the convicted murderers he pardoned were serving life sentences and worked as trusties at the governor 's mansion . The move stirred outrage among relatives of the pardoned murderers ' victims . "  It 's just an every minute , constant , in the back of your mind , where is he ? What is he doing ? " said Mary McAbee , sister of Rick Montgomery , a store clerk shot to death by Ozment in 1992 . Ozment pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . "  I 'm fearful . He 's a cold-blooded murderer to do what he 's done , and if he thinks that he may go back to prison , what 's he got to lose ? " she said . Hood has been particularly outspoken , earlier this month calling the pardons "  a slap in the face to everyone in law enforcement and  saying  Gov. Barbour should be ashamed . " The attorney general is questioning the pardons for "  failure to sufficiently meet the publication requirements of the Mississippi Constitution , " his office said . Late Monday , Hood spoke to CNN 's "  AC360 , " slamming the former governor and questioning the motives behind his pardons . "  He ran the office of the governor as if it was Mississippi in the 1950s , " said Hood . He said many of the inmates Barbour pardoned came from influential families or had connections to the Republican party . "  There 's not any logical explanation other than it was just a whim , and by doing it on a whim at the last moment that 's how he violated our Constitution , " Hood said . Barbour has defended his pardons . On Friday , he appeared on CNN 's "  John King USA , " saying Ozment and the others have been rehabilitated . "  He has no obligation to do anything . He 's been pardoned . He 's a free man , " Barbour said . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Mississippi AG Jim Hood slams then-Gov . Haley Barbour Joseph Ozment pleaded guilty to the 1992 murder of Rick Montgomery He was released from prison after a pardon from Barbour Ozment was served with papers at a Laramie , Wyoming , hotel
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Emily formed in the Caribbean Monday , prompting area governments to issue warnings and watches , the National Hurricane Center said . Tropical storm warnings were in effect for Dominica , Puerto Rico , the Dominican Republic and the islands of Guadeloupe , Desirade , Les Saintes and Marie Galante , meaning that tropical storm conditions were expected within 36 hours . Haiti , the U.S. Virgin Islands and St. Kitts , Nevis , Montserrat and Antigua were under a tropical storm watch . Storm conditions were possible in those areas within 48 hours . Tropical Storm Emily was located some 105 miles west of Dominica Monday night , according to the hurricane center . It was heading west at 17 miles per hour , packing winds of about 40 miles per hour , with higher gusts . Tropical storm force winds extended outward up to 70 miles . The center of the storm is expected to move across the northeastern Caribbean Sea Monday night and approach the island of Hispaniola Tuesday night and Wednesday . A long-term forecast from the National Hurricane Center showed the storm could threaten Florida by the weekend . "  This one is pretty vigorous , so we 're watching it , " said Dennis Feltgen , spokesman for the Miami-based center , before the storm formed . Aircraft was sent to the area on Monday and was expected to resume reconnaissance work on Tuesday , he said . "  This is a great reminder that we 're fast approaching the beginning of the peak of the  hurricane  season , " said Feltgen , calling on residents to get prepared now . Also on Monday , the National Hurricane Center said that Eugene became the fifth hurricane of the eastern Pacific season . Located about 435 miles south-southwest of Manzanillo , Mexico , the Category 1 hurricane is not forecast to hit land .	NEW : Tropical storm warnings are in effect for Puerto Rico , the Dominican Republic , elsewhere Haiti is under a tropical storm watch Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 70 miles The National Hurricane Center predicts Emily could threaten Florida by the weekend
CNN  -- Sweden 's Princess Lilian , the Welsh-born model who lived with her lover Prince Bertil for 30 years before they were married , has died at the age of 97 , the Swedish Royal Court said in a statement . "  It is with sorrow that I have learnt that H.R.H.  Her Royal Highness  Princess Lilian is dead , " Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt said in a statement . "  A much loved and appreciated member of the royal family has now passed away , " he added . Born in 1915 in Swansea , Wales , Lilian May Davies was a Vogue model and married to British actor Ivan Craig when she first met Prince Bertil , the current king 's uncle , in 1943 . Then engaged in wartime work making radios for the Royal Navy , she reportedly met Prince Bertil at a cocktail party for her 28th birthday . Reports about their first meeting vary , with some saying they met at a nightclub called Nuthouse while others that they met on the London Underground . The two soon became lovers and she divorced her husband in 1945 . However , due to Sweden 's strict royal succession rules -- which at the time did not permit a contender for the throne to marry a commoner -- King Gustav VI Adolph  the current king 's grandfather  would not give his blessing to the union . Prince Bertil 's two brothers had already renounced their right to the throne by marrying commoners and the only heir , his older brother Crown Prince Gustaf Adolph , died in a plane crash in 1947 . With a strong possibility that Prince Bertil would have to act as Regent to the present King Carl XVI Gustaf , who was less than a year old when his father was killed , the couple did not marry . Instead , they lived together discreetly in a villa in the South of France . By the time King Carl XVI Gustaf took the throne in 1973 , times had changed . He himself was married to a commoner and the couple were finally permitted to marry 33 years after they first met , on December 7 , 1976 at Drottningholm Palace Chapel . Prince Bertil was popular in Sweden where he was dubbed "  Prince Charming " by the media for his long romance with Lilian . He died in 1997 aged 84 with Lilian at his bedside . Princess Lilian remained active in public life until her early 90s , attending the Nobel Prize ceremonies adorned in royal jewels . In 2005 , at the age of 91 , she stopped attending the ceremony , citing her advanced years . In 2010 , she withdrew from public life suffering from Alzheimer 's disease . The couple never had children . She was the oldest member of the Swedish royal family at the time of her death and , despite the problems that led her to wait more than 30 years to get married , was a fully integrated member of the Swedish Royal family . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Princess Lilian dies in Stockholm at the age of 97 Born in Wales , the divorcee married Prince Bertil in 1976 Due to succession problems , the couple waited three decades to get married She was the oldest member of the Swedish Royal family at the time of her death
Washington  CNN  -- Recent announcements of American military deployments in response to belligerent statements by North Korea may have contributed to escalating tensions between the two countries , Pentagon officials told CNN on Thursday in explaining an effort to reduce U.S. rhetoric about the reclusive state . "  We accused the North Koreans of amping things up , now we are worried we did the same thing , " one Defense Department official said . They spoke on the same day a U.S. official first told CNN that communications intercepts indicated North Korea may be planning to launch a mobile ballistic missile in the coming days or weeks . Classified images and communications intercepts show that North Korea has moved up to two mobile missiles , launchers and fuel tanks to its East coast , another American official with knowledge of the matter told CNN . South Korean Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin told a parliamentary committee in Seoul that the activity signaled an imminent test firing or military drill , according to the semi-official South Korean news agency Yonhap . Amid Pyongyang bluster , missile launch feared One U.S. official said it is believed any launch this time would be a test . The activity is consistent with a Musudan missile , the official said . The Musudan is based on a Soviet-era system and has a 2,500-mile  4,000-kilometer  range that can threaten South Korea , Japan and Southeast Asia , but not U.S. forces based on Guam . As a vital ally to South Korea since the Korean war in the 1950s , the United States has pledged military backing to Seoul in the event of an attack by North Korea . In addition , North Korea has been developing nuclear weapons technology , raising concerns of rapid proliferation in the region and even a possible nuclear strike by Pyongyang . The fraught situation on the Korean Peninsula stems from the North 's latest long-range rocket launch in December and underground nuclear test in February . In response , the United States helped bring tougher U.N. sanctions on North Korea and took part in joint military exercises with South Korea , prompting Kim Jong Un 's government to ratchet up its threats in recent weeks . That caused the United States to display its military strength in the annual drills taking place now , flying B-2 stealth bombers capable of carrying conventional or nuclear weapons , as well as Cold War-era B-52s and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters over South Korea . North Korea : Our global fear and fascination On Thursday , a North Korean army official warned that "  the moment of explosion is approaching fast . " "  No one can say a war will break out in Korea or not and whether it will break out today or tomorrow , " said the spokesman for the General Staff of the North 's Korean People 's Army  KPA  . "  The responsibility for this grave situation entirely rests with the U.S. administration and military warmongers keen to encroach upon the DPRK 's sovereignty and bring down its dignified social system with brigandish logic , " the KPA spokesman added in a statement published by the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . A spokeswoman for the White House National Security Council said Thursday that the United States continues to closely monitor the situation . "  Threats and provocative actions will not bring North Korea the security , international respect , and economic development it seeks , " said the NSC spokeswoman , Caitlin Hayden . "  We will continue to urge the North Korean leadership to heed President Obama 's call to choose the path of peace and come into compliance with its international obligations . " Earlier , a Defense Department official told CNN that from a communications point of view , "  we are trying to turn the volume down " on U.S. rhetoric about North Korea . The official , speaking on condition of not being identified , said the change referred to public statements by the Obama administration instead of how U.S. military hardware were being deployed in the region . According to the official , some Pentagon officials were surprised at how U.S. news releases and statements on North Korea were generating world headlines and therefore provoking a Pyongyang response . "  We are absolutely trying to ratchet back the rhetoric , " the official said . "  We become part of the cycle . We allowed that to happen . " Key dates in U.S. military moves near North Korea At the State Department , spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Thursday the United States needed to take the defensive steps it did in view of North Korea 's threats , but she focused on a diplomatic solution available if Pyongyang changed its behavior . "  It was the ratcheting up of tensions on the DPRK side that caused us to need to shore up our own defense posture . We have done that , " Nuland said . "  But we have also been saying all the way through that this does not need to get hotter , that we can change course here if the DPRK will begin to come back into compliance with its international obligations , will begin to cool things down , take a pause . " To Bill Richardson , the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , the administration 's response so far has been "  appropriate -- cool , calm , but at the same time putting our military resources ready in case there 's an emergency . " He told CNN on Thursday that a North Korean military attack on U.S. interests would be "  suicidal , " adding : "  That 's not going to happen . " Diplomacy should be the "  end game " for the administration 's policy regarding North Korea , said Richardson , one of the few U.S. politicians to have visited the country . "  I think the administration 's response does make sense in the sense that you do n't want to continue this huge rhetoric and at the same time provoke some kind of incident , " Richardson said . "  The danger is not a war with the United States or South Korea , I think . The danger is some kind of military altercation in the Yellow Sea , a naval skirmish of some kind . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to travel to South Korea , China and Japan this month to meet with his counterparts there . Previously , the Obama administration established a "  playbook " of pre-scripted actions and responses to the last several weeks of North Korean rhetoric and provocations , an administration official said Thursday . The scripted actions included an increased show of U.S. military force -- such as the flying of B-2 bombers -- during the annual U.S.-South Korea military exercise , the Foal Eagle . "  Eyebrows started to go up when it was clear Foal Eagle was going to be protected from the budget cuts of sequestration , " the official said , referring to the forced federal spending cuts that went into effect in March . The playbook planning began under former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta but was picked up and supported strongly by his successor , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , the official said . Details of the playbook were first reported by the Wall Street Journal . The administration official declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . Opinion : North Korea is far from suicidal Some moves not scripted However , some of the U.S. military 's reactions to Pyongyang 's saber-rattling were not part of the playbook planning . Instead , they arose from concerns about what North Korea has planned as the U.S.-South Korean exercise conclude , the administration official said . For example , the deployment of ballistic missile defenses closer to North Korea and a land-based missile-intercept system to Guam were ordered in recent days when U.S. intelligence began to gather information that North Korea might be planning additional missile launches . A ` complicated , combustible situation ' U.S. officials have publicly stressed that the American military moves were also meant to assure the South Koreans that they have Washington 's full support . "  What I can tell you is that our response and the mix of assets we have applied to our responses is prudent , logical and measured , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said earlier this week . "  We are in the midst right now of -- of very important annual exercises that we regularly conduct with the South Koreans , and these exercises are about alliance assurance . They 're first and foremost about showing the South Koreans and showing our other allies in the region , including the Japanese , that we are ready to defend them in the wake of threats . " When asked by CNN earlier this week about the "  message " the United States was trying to send to North Korea , Little said it was the North Koreans who are being provocative . "  The North Koreans -- even before those exercises started -- had undertaken provocative steps , and they 've conducted underground nuclear tests , they 've conducted missile tests outside their international obligations . So they have a track record now over the past few months of provocative behavior , " he said . "  We are in the business of ensuring our South Korean allies that we will help defend them in the face of threats , " Little said in response . "  So I do n't think it 's a contradiction . I think that North Koreans have engaged in certain actions and have said things that are provocative . We are looking for the temperature to be taken down on the Korean Peninsula . " Hagel hinted at risks in reacting to North Korea , calling the tensions a "  complicated , combustible situation " that could "  explode into a worse situation . " "  It only takes being wrong once . And I do n't want to be the secretary of defense who was wrong once . So we will continue to take these threats seriously . I hope the North will ratchet this very dangerous rhetoric down , " Hagel said Wednesday . "  But they 've got to be a responsible member of the world community . And you do n't achieve that responsibility and peace and prosperity by making nuclear threats and taking very provocative actions . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Chris Lawrence , Jessica Yellin , Lesa Jansen and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	FIRST ON CNN : Communications intercepts suggest possibility of North Korea missile launch North Korea moves up to two missiles to its East coast , U.S. official says State Department focuses on diplomacy in discussing North Korea North Korea issues more threats , but said to lack missile technology to strike U.S. mainland
CNN  -- Lionel Messi 's coronation as the FIFA World Player of the Year has been praised by his fellow-professionals , as the Argentine playmaker was handed his award at a star-studded gala ceremony in Zurich , Switzerland . The Barcelona star won three times as many votes as second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo , the 2008 winner , from the coaches and captains of men 's and women 's national teams -- completing a stunning year for the 22-year-old . "  Messi is an incredible player , " Chelsea and England captain John Terry told CNN . "  He is an absolute nightmare to play against -- so thankfully I do n't have to play against him very often . "  He really has got some amazing ability and there are only a couple of players in the world who can do the things that Messi does . "  Good luck to him on the award , he deserves it . " Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard , who like England compatriot Terry was named in the FIFA World XI for 2009 , also believes Messi was a worthy winner . "  He certainly got my vote . Messi is a genius , a magician on the pitch who can do special things with a football . He deserves the award and I am very pleased for him . "  On current form , over the past 12 months , he is certainly a worthy winner . " Former French international David Ginola , like Messi a player who could do magical things with a football , also believes the Argentine was a worthy winner . Speaking exclusively to CNN , Ginola said : "  Messi has been the top player of 2009 . He really is a player that you want to pay money to go and watch . "  He has so many talents , so many qualities and every time I have seen Barcelona play , he has been a delight to watch . "  When Messi gets the ball you expect him to do something special and he deserves the award as he is always providing something special on the pitch . "  It is a dream to watch a player like him , so thank god in the 21st century we have a player like him who can deliver such quality . "	Fellow-professionals praise Lionel Messi after his FIFA World Player of the Year victory The Barcelona star won three times as many votes as second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo , the 2008 winner England internationals John Terry and Steven Gerrard both believe Messi was a deserving winner
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni declared victory Thursday in an election to lead the ruling Kadima Party , putting her on a path that could make her Israel 's first female prime minister in 34 years . Kadima candidate Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni is the chief Israeli negotiator with the Palestinian Authority . Livni won with 43.1 percent of the vote , claiming a 431-vote margin of victory over Transportation Minister Shaul Mofaz , the Kadima Party said . Mofaz announced Thursday he will take a "  time out " from politics and will resign his seat in the Israeli parliament , the Knesset . But he indicated he does not intend his departure from front-line politics to be permanent . Livni 's election marks a stunning rise for the 50-year-old , who entered the Knesset less than 10 years ago . "  It 's a leap of faith for the people , " analyst Avi Shavit said . "  They decided to trust a candidate they do n't know much about . " She may owe her victory over Mofaz , a former general , to her reputation for clean hands in a party losing its leader to allegations of graft . "  Kadima members are more concerned about the corruption threat inside Israel than the security threat from Hamas and Iran , " Israeli columnist Gil Hoffman said . As new leader of the ruling party , Livni will try to form a coalition government and become prime minister after the departure of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , who has been dogged by allegations of corruption . Olmert plans to inform the Cabinet on Sunday that he will resign , said Mark Regev , his spokesman . He has congratulated Livni and pledged to help make a smooth transition , according to Regev . Livni told reporters Thursday that she intends "  to bring together Kadima factions and to go on this new path together . " Watch Livni at the ballot box " Her slim margin of victory stood in contrast to exit polls that had shown her with a commanding lead over Mofaz and other rivals . Mofaz telephoned Livni to congratulate her on the victory , according to Israel Radio . Livni said she hoped to ensure stability in Israel 's government . "  We need to face complicated threats . We need to face security threats . We need to move forward , and there is economic instability , " she said . Livni has about 42 days to form a coalition government . If she fails , there could be early elections that could see another party leader elected as Olmert 's successor to the prime minister post . There are many possible scenarios that could take place in the following months . Ehud Barak -- leader of the Labor Party , which holds the most parliamentary seats among Kadima 's coalition partners -- could pull out of the coalition . That could force early elections , or force the government to take on new coalition partners who could restrict Livni 's ability to negotiate with the Palestinians . If elections are called , Barak , a former prime minister , could vie for the top spot -- but polls show he may not have enough support . Some observers think that former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , head of the opposition Likud Party , could steal the show in the end . Whoever succeeds Olmert as prime minister will be handed a set of daunting challenges , including determining the fate of Israel 's talks with the Palestinians , its fledgling indirect talks with Syria and its tough talk on Iran 's nuclear aspirations . Livni , who is more widely known outside Israel than her main challenger , is the chief Israeli negotiator with the Palestinian Authority as the two sides work toward a peace deal . She refuses to be tied to the Bush administration 's vision of a peace deal by the end of this year . "  We want to reach an agreement which at the end of the agreement we can find the words ` end of conflict , ' " she said . "  And in doing so , it takes time . " To her supporters , she is squeaky-clean and a welcome change to Olmert , whose resignation comes amid mounting corruption charges . "  She 's very honest , very sincere and I hope she 's going to do whatever she says , " one of her supporters said . "  We have to give her a chance and I 'm willing to do it . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	NEW : Runner-up , Transportation Minister Shaul Mofaz , resigning from Knesset Livni claims victory in vote for leadership of ruling Kadima party Win could make her Israel 's first female prime minister in 34 years Livni beat Mofaz by a narrow margin
CNN  -- A Texas community near Dallas temporarily became a ghost town , after a nearby pipeline fire , which has been burning for nearly two days , caused it to be evacuated . Police required all residents of Milford , which has an estimated population of 700 , to leave , after the underground pipeline exploded early Thursday , sending up orange flames stories high , said spokesman Malcolm Ward . On Saturday , authorities reduced the evacuation zone around the incident site , and said most residents could return home . The Chevron oil company asked that the safety measure be taken , the company said in a statement Friday . A jet black plume of smoke has been billowing up towards the clouds . The statement mentioned not wanting to risk exposing residents to possible effects on air quality in Milford . Workers are trying to stop the fire by emptying the flaming stretch of pipeline 50 miles south of Dallas of the oil left inside . They are setting flares to burn it off . The company has provided hotel accommodations for affected residents , the statement said . The American Red Cross has also set up a shelter nearby , according to the Sheriff 's office . Milford 's residents are expected to return to their homes sometime Saturday , Ward said .	700 residents of Milford , Texas , had to evacuate after an oil pipeline exploded Chevron oil company requested the evacuation as long as the oil is still burning The company is concerned about possible dangers to air quality in Milford Residents are expected to return home on Saturday
CNN  -- Conflicting reports emerged Sunday about whether Adam Gadahn , a U.S.-born spokesman for al Qaeda , has been arrested in Pakistan . A senior Pakistani government official told CNN that Gadahn was arrested Sunday in Karachi , and a second senior Pakistani government official later confirmed the arrest . But a U.S. intelligence official said there appears to be no validity to the reports that Gadahn was in custody , and other U.S. officials also said they have no indication that Gadahn has been captured . Reports of the arrest came hours after Islamist Web sites posted video of Gadahn praising the November massacre at Fort Hood , Texas . On the video , Gadahn said the U.S. Army major charged with gunning down 13 people "  lit a path " for other Muslim service members to follow . Gadahn , also known as Azzam the American , has routinely posted lengthy videos on Islamist online forums . In 2006 , he was indicted on charges of treason and providing material support to terrorists . The U.S. government has offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to his capture . Authorities have targeted several key Islamist figures in Karachi , the populous port city and financial capital of Pakistan . For some time , it has functioned as a hideout for Taliban and al Qaeda sympathizers . One of the figures , top Taliban leader Agha Jan Motasim , was arrested on Friday . Motasim 's capture came on the heels of the arrest of the Taliban 's No. 2 figure and overall military commander , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar . Last month , Taliban and government sources confirmed that Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud had died . A government official told CNN Mehsud died as a result of a January 14 unmanned drone attack in North Waziristan ; other sources said Mehsud died near the city of Multan in central Pakistan while on his way to a treatment center in Karachi . A city of 13 million -- with some estimates of 100,000 new arrivals a month -- Karachi as seen an influx of Pashtuns from the tribal border region with Afghanistan . Many fled there during fighting and offensives in the Northwest Frontier Province and Waziristan , making it a comfortable place for the Taliban to blend in and count on a network of supporters . "  I think its become apparent ... that al Qaeda does n't really have a base of sanctuary inside Afghanistan , at least not one where its leaders feel safe , " CNN 's Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson said . "  They 've taken to hiding inside Pakistan . " Gadahn 's reported presence in Karachi "  is an indication of how easily it is for al Qaeda sympathizers and Taliban sympathizers to hide in that city , " Robertson said . Gadahn , 31 , grew up on a California farm and was home-schooled until 17 . A year later he moved in with his paternal grandparents , who were secular Jews . He converted to Islam at the Islamic Society of Orange County , California , but was banned from the mosque two years later after hitting its chairman , Haitham Bundjaki . In 1997 Gadahn began working for a California charity suspected of having ties to al Qaeda . He moved to Pakistan in 1998 . His family has said they last heard from him in 2002 . In 2004 , the FBI identified him as part of an al Qaeda cell that was planning attacks aimed at disrupting that year 's presidential election in the United States . In October 2004 , he began appearing in disguise in al Qaeda videos . Gadahn dropped the disguise in 2006 . In 2008 , he renounced his U.S. citizenship and destroyed his passport in another al Qaeda video . In his video message posted online Sunday , Gadahn says Muslims should emulate the alleged Fort Hood shooter . "  I believe that defiant Brother Nidal is the ideal role model for every repentant Muslim in the armies of the unbelievers and apostate regimes , " Adam Gadahn says in English in the video . Maj. Nidal Hasan , an Army psychiatrist and a U.S.-born citizen , is charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder in the November 5 killings . Hasan is also facing 32 counts of attempted premeditated murder and is eligible for the death penalty . "  The Mujahid brother Nidal Hasan is a pioneer , a trailblazer and a role model who has opened a door , lit a path and shown the way forward for every Muslim who finds himself among the unbelievers and yearns to discharge his duty to Allah and play a part in the defense of Islam and Muslims , " Gadahn says in the video . Gadahn also cites in Sunday 's video the U.S. and allied buildup in Afghanistan , where the United States is in the process of adding about 30,000 troops . "  It is rapidly becoming clear that this already-hot global battle is about to get even hotter , " he says . "  This is a war which knows no international borders and no single battleground , and that 's why I am calling on every honest and vigilant Muslim in the countries of the Zionist-Crusader alliance in general and America , Britain and Israel in particular to prepare to play his due role in responding to and repelling the aggression of the enemies of Islam . " In December , Gadahn released a video message in English offering condolences to "  unintended Muslim victims " killed in attacks in Afghanistan , Pakistan and elsewhere . It was a rare example of al Qaeda offering condolences to the families of those killed in the group 's own attacks . CNN 's Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	NEW : Two Pakistani officials say Gadahn arrested ; U.S. intelligence official casts doubt Report of arrest comes hour after video of U.S.-born Gadahn surfaces Gadahn praises November massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , in video In 2006 , Gadahn was indicted for treason and providing material support to terrorists
Washington  CNN  -- When Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey and Rep. Carolyn McCarthy of New York unveiled their bill Monday to regulate the online and mail-order sale of ammunition , they did so in a state most friendly to Democrats -- New York . But across the country , voters might not be as receptive . Gun control can be seen as political quicksand for Democratic lawmakers . Lautenberg and McCarthy , whose husband was killed and son was injured in a 1993 mass shooting on the Long Island Rail Road , said their bill will help crack down on people anonymously stockpiling ammunition bought through the Internet . Colorado police said the alleged shooter in Aurora this month purchased thousands of rounds of ammunition online . Still , when it comes to gun policy , many congressional Democrats have "  decided to keep quiet and not go there , " said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . They remember the 1990s , when President Bill Clinton was able to push through Congress an assault weapons ban and a required waiting period before purchasing handguns . But that move led to a fractious debate over gun policy that , following the Columbine shootings in 1999 , ultimately helped sink Vice President Al Gore 's chances of winning the 2000 election , in part because of problems persuading white , rural and blue collar voters to pick him , Lizotte said . "  You can push  gun control  through , then bam , Gore loses , " Lizotte said . "  Politically , I think that was a big mistake for  Clinton  . He got it through , and his constituency was happy with him . But it had consequences ... it kills you down the line . " Chastened congressional Democrats , especially those in competitive districts and their leaders , have since given the issue of gun policy wide berth . Even President Barack Obama steered clear of gun rights in his speech in the aftermath of the 2009 Fort Hood shooting and last year after six people were killed during an assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , in Tucson . Obama mentioned gun safety only in passing after the Tucson shootings to describe the polarizing nature of the issue . Top House and Senate leaders are judiciously sidestepping the issue , even after Obama brought it up during his recent remarks on the movie theater shootings . "  With the schedule we have , we 're not going to get into the debate on gun control , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , told CNN . "  But I 'm very happy , I 'm glad the president made the statement because it 's something that needs to be done . But we 're not going to address gun control . " It would be politically unwise to do so , political experts say , especially during a fierce battle for control of the Senate . With 51 seats , Senate Democrats hold a narrow majority . Senate Republicans have 47 seats and independents -- Bernie Sanders and Joe Lieberman -- tend to vote with Democrats . Party leaders on both sides are watching close Senate races in Virginia and Massachusetts . Democrats are facing tough re-election contests in Missouri and Montana , and there are two open Senate races Nebraska and North Dakota . Three of those states -- Missouri , Montana and North Dakota -- also rank among the highest for the number of background checks for guns , according to a 2010 analysis by the Daily Beast . The report compared 18 months worth of data from the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System and compared that with state 's population data from the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2009 estimates to gain a glimpse at the states that are "  the most armed . " According to the analysis , the 10 states with the highest number of background checks for guns voted for Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain in the 2008 presidential election . The 10 states with the least number of checks voted for Barack Obama . "  You can have a guy who plays well in North Dakota , but if the Republicans paint him as somebody that ... allows liberals on East Coast to take away your gun rights ...  he could run into problems  , " Lizotte said . "  So the leadership has to say ` we 're not playing that kind of game ' . " Talking about gun policy in those states could alienate the types of voters who are motivated to cast ballots based on a single issue . Those who fight hardest for gun ownership tend to be very vocal , single-issue voters , said Jon Vernick , an associate professor and co-director at Johns Hopkins ' Center for Gun Policy and Research , while those who favor stricter control tend to have a range of issues they 're pushing . "  The questions for Democrats is whether support for gun violence prevention would truly harm their support among people who might not have voted for them anyway , " Vernick said . There 's also little political incentive for those in tough congressional races to talk about gun policy since several national polls suggest voters are against stricter gun laws , and there 's actually been a downturn both in the number of people owning guns overall and gun violence , said Kristin A. Goss , an associate professor of public policy and political science at Duke University and author of "  Disarmed : The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America . " For example , a Pew Research Center poll conducted in April , found that 55 % of independent voters feel it is "  more important to protect gun ownership than to control guns , " with 40 % saying controlling gun ownership is more important . The poll also found that 72 % of Republicans feel protecting gun ownership is important , while 27 % of Democrats feel that way . Those who advocate stricter gun control lost the messaging battle long ago , Goss said . "  Historically the pro-control side has struggled to come up with a compelling narrative that will help people come over to the case of stricter gun control laws , " Goss said . "  For a long time , these gun violence rates and massacres spoke for themselves . They relied on that to make the case but were up against a very powerful and very well-disciplined and skillful army that was good at taking those arguments apart . " They are also skilled at how they target their campaign contributions . For example , during the 2010 midterm elections , fiscally moderate Blue Dog Democrats in tough re-election fights represented roughly half of the top 20 recipients of contributions from the National Rifle Association , according to data collected by the campaign-finance website OpenSecrets.org . The candidates -- many of whom hail from rural regions in Southern and Western states where gun ownership is deeply cherished -- each received nearly $ 10,000 from the NRA that year . In 2008 , only one Democrat made the top 20 list , Florida Democrat Tim Mahoney , who netted an NRA endorsement and contested the constitutionality of the District of Columbia 's gun ban in a Supreme Court brief . He received $ 12,400 . This year so far , only three Democrats made the top 20 list and received donations of roughly $ 5,000 . All three either lost primaries or retired , out of the running for the fall election . Still , in New York , Lautenberg and McCarthy know the political reality , but they see their fight as bigger than politics . "  It 's one thing to buy a pair of shoes online , " Lautenberg told reporters Monday . "  But it should take more than a click of the mouse to amass thousands of rounds of ammunition . " CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report	Bill aims to curb online ammo sales , though election losses make Democrats hesitant High stakes races make it unlikely for Democrats to wade into gun policy debate Gun ownership advocates in competitive states are vocal and will vote on a single issue The NRA tends to support Democrats who vocally fight for gun rights
CNN  -- CNN wants to hear from viewers in both English and Russian for its weeklong focus on modern Russia . CNN Moscow Correspondent at Star City , the Russian cosmonaut training facility . Reflecting on Dmitry Medvedev 's first year as president , and looking ahead to President Obama 's first trip to the Kremlin in July , CNN delves beyond politics to profile the many facets of this vast land through an ambitious bi-lingual audience initiative and a wide-ranging week of programming . The audience initiative -- CNN 's first with a Russian-language component -- complements an energetic mix of live reporting and interviews , feature and documentary programming , and cultural despatches running the gamut of sports to space travel , fashion to music , business to farming , as CNN travels the length of the country to bring viewers the Russia of today . CNN wants to hear from both Russian residents and worldwide viewers , in English or in Russian , what they think about Russia 's role in the international community . Send us your comments via Sound Off below . or send your videos and pictures via iReport or to youtube.com/CNN . The best will be posted online to be read and watched by CNN.com Youtube audiences around the world , while English language contributions have the additional opportunity to feature on air in CNN 's programming output . "  Russia is making its voice heard far beyond its borders at a time when the global community has never been more interdependent , " said Mike McCarthy , CNN International 's vice president of coverage and feature programming . "  We want our compelling interviews and reports to stand alongside the very best in audience commentary to provide a really lively insight into what contemporary Russia looks like at a time when its impact is being felt not just in politics but in a diverse array of other fields . We 're also excited to offer an online outlet for the first time for Russian language audience feedback as well . " The week of programming kicks off with a special travelogue documentary Eye on Russia : Moving Forward where CNN 's Moscow-based Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance rides the train from the Arctic north of Murmansk down to the southern climes of Sochi by way of St Petersburg and Moscow , to offer a diverse range of reports . He visits a Russian farm to look at the country 's ambitions to be an agricultural superpower , checks out the Star City astronaut training center , meets with seven-foot boxing world champion-turned-movie star Nikolai Valuev and talks along the way with entrepreneurs and environmentalists working to make the city of Sochi home to green Olympics in 2014 . CNN also catches up with famous faces like NHL hockey star Alexander Ovechkin , Russian Vogue editor in chief Aliona Doletskaya , A list model Natalia Vodianova , acclaimed conductor Valery Gergiev , the "  Russian Madonna " singer Valeriya , and London-based Russian art collector Nonna Materkova to bring together an eclectic mix of Russians who have made it on the world stage . Additionally , there are reports on Russian communities around the world that have sprung up in places as different as Ashdod , Israel and Brighton Beach , New York . CNN is also live every night from a range of iconic Moscow locations as Chance gives his topical insights into a country increasingly at the center of international headlines , to complement a range of interviews with top Russian CEOs and industry leaders airing throughout CNN 's prime time evening programming . From St Basil 's Cathedral , the Kremlin , Christ the Saviour Cathedral and Manej Square , Chance gives us the latest on what makes the Russia of today , from domestic and foreign policy , to business , to culture . The Eye on series has travelled around the world visiting France , Russia , India , South Korea , China , South Africa , Brazil , Beirut and Poland .	CNN launches week-long series of special programming on modern Russia Moscow Correspondent Matthew Chance rides train from Arctic to Black Sea Series also features hockey star Alexander Ovechkin , conductor Valery Gergiev Tell CNN what you think about Russia 's role in the international community
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- Francesco Schettino , the captain of the ill-fated Costa Concordia cruise liner , wants to get back on the ship . His lawyers Monday formally asked a panel of three judges for permission to tour the ship 's bridge and engine room as part of a defense strategy that he says will prove that was not the only person responsible for the disaster . The liner , which crashed on the rocks off Giglio Island in January 2012 , killing 32 people , was rotated back to vertical last Monday . The unprecedented maneuver , called parbuckling , exposed a twisted mass of metal , dotted with mattresses , passenger luggage and deck chairs on the ship 's previously submerged starboard side . Now that the Concordia is upright , there can be further investigation of the captain 's alleged mishandling of the ship . Read more : Concordia righted Defense lawyers for Schettino agreed with lawyers representing more than 200 civil parties against the captain , including Giglio Island and several passenger and environmental advocacy groups , in asking for a new examination of the ship now that it is upright . Such an examination could include divers going deep into the belly of the vessel to examine whether watertight doors sealed properly , and whether automatic generators functioned . He also wants to walk the judges through the command bridge in a re-creation of the night of the crash . Half of the command bridge was submerged for 20 months . The trial began with preliminary hearings last March , but Monday was the first time the court heard any substantial evidence in the case . A panel of maritime experts addressed the role of the Indonesian helmsman Jacob Rusli Bin in the accident . Rusli Bin and four others were convicted in a plea deal in July for their role in the disaster . A Florence court is considering the validity of those plea bargain agreements . Led by Adm. Giuseppe Cavo Dragone , the maritime experts , including professors , ship engineers and ship captains , presented their independent analysis and fielded questions from lawyers on a number of issues , including whether or not Rusli Bin 's misunderstanding of Schettino 's commands played any role in the accident . Interactive : Costa Concordia salvage attempt According to recordings from the ship 's bridge from the vessel 's black box , Schettino had directed Rusli Bin to turn "  hard to starboard " in English , but Rusli Bin can be heard asking "  hard to port ? " He then turned the ship right instead of left just 13 seconds before it hit the rocks . Dragone told the court that those 13 seconds made no difference , since it takes a lot longer than that to change a ship 's course . "  The impact would have been the same , " he said . Schettino , on the other hand , argues that the back half of the ship would not have hit the rocks at all if the helmsman had understood his directions clearly . The Concordia 's bow skimmed safely past the rocks , but the port side of the stern clipped off a 96-ton chunk of an outcropping that was well marked on maritime maps . "  In that moment , I asked the helmsman to turn the ship left , and he made an error and did not , and instead turned hard to the right , " Schettino told the court . "  If he had not made that error , and had not turned the wheel the wrong way , we would have avoided hitting the rocks . " 5 convicted over deadly wreck But Schettino had been the one to order the Concordia to veer more than four miles off course in the first place to do a fly-by salute to a former sea captain who had retired on Giglio . The discussion of the day in court was essentially who made the second mistake . At one point , the trial was suspended while the three judges deliberated whether there were grounds to halt the trial altogether while an appellate court in Florence considers the validity of the plea bargains . The judge ruled that the two cases could go on in tandem without compromising justice . The trial is expected to last through the fall with a string of witnesses , including passengers , crew members and islanders , who say they saw the captain on shore looking for dry socks before all the passengers had been safely evacuated . Schettino is also expected to take the stand in his defense to explain his theory that he is a hero who saved the lives of more than 4,000 people , not a villain whose negligence led to the deaths of 32 . No passengers died on impact . All of the 32 victims died during the evacuation , which makes Schettino 's alleged errors fundamental in proving his guilt or innocence . How cruise ship tragedy transformed an island paradise	At his trial , Francesco Schettino says he 's not the only person responsible for the ship crash He wants divers to see if watertight doors and automatic generators worked properly He also wants judges to see a re-creation of the night of the crash from the command bridge The liner crashed on the rocks off Giglio Island in January 2012 , killing 32 people
CNN  -- She just ca n't seem to stay away . A day after she pleaded no contest to stowing away , Marilyn Jean Hartman was re-arrested at the Los Angeles airport on Thursday . She was seen earlier in the day arriving at Los Angeles International Airport  LAX  , where she spent about an hour "  scouting out multiple passenger terminals before being arrested . "  Airport Police officers did not observe Hartman attempting to purchase an airline ticket and she did not have a ticket or boarding pass in her possession when arrested , " the airport said in a statement . Airport Police Chief Patrick Gannon said in the statement that flyers were distributed with Hartman 's picture on it . "  When we knew she was going to be released from custody , we were prepared , " he said . This week , authorities say Hartman , 62 , made it through a screening checkpoint at Mineta San Jose International Airport without a ticket and boarded a Southwest Airlines flight bound for LAX . She was initially arrested there Monday . She pleaded no contest Wednesday to a misdemeanor count of stowing away , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . She was sentenced to two years probation and three days in jail . She was given credit for time served and released . Outside the courthouse , Hartman refused to detail to reporters how she got through security . "  I do n't think it 's wise to say how I got through . I do n't want to help the enemy , " she said . " ... I want to go with a paid ticket . ... I want to do everything legal , " Hartman said then . "  It was clearly wrong on my part . ... It was stupid and it is something I do n't want to repeat . " Hartman has been described by authorities as a serial stowaway , who has repeatedly tried to board flights to Hawaii at San Francisco International Airport without a ticket . Earlier this year , she was sentenced to probation and ordered to stay away from the San Francisco airport . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Marilyn Jean Hartman , 62 , is accused of "  scouting out multiple passenger terminals " Airport police chief : "  When we knew she was going to be released ... we were prepared " Hartman was arrested Monday after stowing away from San Jose to Los Angeles
CNN  -- Paris St Germain have completed the signing of Barcelona 's Brazilian left-back Maxwell on a three-and-a-half year contract for an undisclosed fee . The 30-year-old finalized his move on Thursday after passing a medical and agreeing personal terms with the big-spending French league leaders . Maxwell , who has never made a full international appearance for his country , joined Barcelona from Inter Milan in July 2009 , and played 57 La Liga matches for the club without scoring a goal . Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? In his two full seasons with the Catalan giants , Maxwell collected a remarkable 10 trophies ; three Spanish Super Cups , two European Super Cups , two League titles , two Club World Cups and one Champions League . However , he struggled to command a regular place in the Barcelona side , with compatriot Adriano and Frenchman Eric Abidal often selected ahead of him . PSG sporting director Leonardo told reporters : "  We 're thrilled , he is a player I have always liked and who plays in the same position that I used to play in -- we have something in common . " Maxwell himself added : "  The main motivation for me to come here was the interest that PSG showed in me . The ambition the club has for the future also persuaded me to join . " Paris St Germain , who appointed Italian Carlo Ancelotti as their new coach late last year and are boosted by funds from their cash-rich Qatari owners , are currently three points clear at the top of the French table .	Brazilian defender Maxwell has completed his transfer to Paris St Germain The 30-year-old left-back joins on a three-and-a-half-year deal from Barcelona Maxwell made 57 league appearances for Barcelona , winning 10 trophies in two years
Some years ago , I appeared on a well-known television talk show opposite four "  angry white men " : four men who believed they had been discriminated against in the workplace by affirmative action programs initiated , they argued , by feminist women . Each man told his story of how he was qualified for a job or qualified for a promotion that he did not get because of this putative reverse discrimination against white men . One ended his remarks with a line that served as the title for this show : "  A black woman stole my job , " he declared . Asked to respond , I had but one question for these guys , a question about the title of the show . Actually , my question was about one word in the title of the show . I wanted to know about the word "  my . " Why did the men think it was their job ? Why was n't the title of the show "  A black woman got a job " or "  A black woman got the job " ? The answer , I argued , was that these men felt entitled to the position , and that any effort to make the workplace more equal was perceived , by those men , as a loss . I thought of those men recently while reading Suzanne Venker 's addled rant against feminist women as the source of the unhappiness that saturates male-female relationships . I thought of how painful it is when you are used to having everything to now have only 80 % . What a loss ! Poor us ! Equality sucks when you 've been on top -- and men have been on top for so long that we think it 's a level playing field . In her screed against women , she argues that women are their own worst enemy , and that the rise of women has caused the "  end of men , " that men are wilting into angry , resentful bachelorhood because women are demanding so much from men . They 're emasculating men , confounding their DNA , which seeks only to provide and protect . Women are n't letting men be men . Women , Venker writes , have been seduced by feminists into pushing men off their pedestal to "  take what they were taught to believe was rightfully theirs . " As a result , Venker continues , women have come to believe the adage "  women good/men bad " -- an equation that has "  destroyed the relationship between the sexes . " Men , she tells us , are "  tired of being told that if women are n't happy , it 's men 's fault . " But she is actually arguing that if men are n't happy , it 's women 's fault -- for seeking the very same exhilarating sense of autonomy and selfhood that men claim as our natural entitled birthright . How dare they ? OK , so what 's wrong with this picture ? This unhinged argument fuses dreadful history with empirically baseless contemporary analysis . The result can not help but be bad politics . This notion of good women/bad men has been the foundation not of feminism but of anti-feminism since the 19th century . Those innocent "  angels in the house " were supposed to soothe the savage beast , as men were prone to bouts of rage , drunkenness and other depravities . If women did n't tame men , the anti-feminists argued , all hell would break loose . Pop psychologists joined the pundits to argue , as does Venker , that if women are unhappy , it 's their own damned fault . How many advice columns about "  the rules , " admonitions about the man shortage or effusive media prostration before three or four upper-class white female Yale grads who "  opted out "  only to rejoin the workforce when their children were 5 years old  must we endure ? Countless . One need n't be original to be wrong . In fact , feminism reversed the equation Venker offers . It encouraged women to be bad girls -- to seek their own pleasures , to go for it , autonomously , to leave unhappy marriages , and to control their own bodies . And it encouraged men to be good -- demanded it , in fact -- insisting that men can and should step up as equal parents , colleagues and coworkers , that we stop the rape and violence that so compromised women 's equality . And the empirical evidence suggests that men are quietly adapting to a very new landscape . Most of the 400 young men  aged 16-26  who I interviewed for my book "  Guyland " assume , without resentment , that their wives will be as fully committed to their careers as they are . Why ? Because they 'll need the income . And they assume , with no resentment , that they will be involved fathers , spending far more time with their families than their parents or grandparents ever did . Why ? Because they actually want to be involved dads . They all have friends of the opposite sex  "  When Harry Met Sally 's " dictum to the contrary  , which bodes well for their ability to be more equal coworkers and colleagues with women they consider their peers . Stop the madness . There 's no war between the sexes . Men and women can , and should , be allies . And they are becoming more equal , and happier , every single day . Men are n't nearly as unhappy or resentful as Venker suggests -- because she only talks to those who feel themselves so entitled that they lament , as did Rush Limbaugh , that the re-election of President Obama was the loss of "  our country . " Truth is , in her efforts to exalt men , she actually insults us . Who says we ca n't be happy with fully equal female colleagues and coworkers ? Who says we ca n't enjoy the joys of shared parenthood ? Who says that we are biologically programmed to be both rapacious testosterone-driven animals and lazy remote-hogging couch potatoes unable to lift a finger in the kitchen ? Venker paints a most unyieldlingly awful portrait of men , one that is happily belied by actual , real , American men . And we wo n't stand for the sort of male-bashing Venker offers . We want it all also -- and the only way we can have it all is to halve it all . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Suzanne Venker 's opinion article on a supposed "  war on men " ruffled feathers this week Sociologist Michael Kimmel counters that efforts at social equality are not a war on men Men are accustomed to social dominance , Kimmel says , but society is evolving for the better A sense of entitlement may lead some men to sulk when women succeed , he says
CNN  A 59-year-old man was arrested early Saturday in connection with the grisly discovery of body parts in a suitcase left on a San Francisco sidewalk . Mark Andrus was booked for murder , San Francisco Police Department spokeswoman Grace Gatpandan said . Police were alerted to his location on Friday night by someone who called a tip line . Gatpandan said the investigation is ongoing and encouraged people to continue to call the tip line . On Friday police released three photos of a man they called a person of interest . The dismembered body was discovered Wednesday when police where called to the South of Market district in San Francisco . Other body parts were found in a trash can less than a block from the main crime scene . Police have not disclosed what body parts were in the suitcase and trash can .	Police said tip led them to 59-year-old man Mark Andrus was booked for suspicion of murder
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Airways and Virgin Atlantic have announced they are reducing their fuel surcharges as the price of oil has plummeted . Passengers on long-haul flights will enjoy the biggest reduction in fares . Both airlines said the cuts , effective Thursday , reflected the lower price of oil , and BA also credited its fuel hedging policy . It means BA passengers will pay # 30-35  $ 46-54  less on flights longer than nine hours , and # 15-20  $ 23-31  less on shorter flights , the airline said . European services will cost # 4-5  $ 6-7  less , BA said . Virgin Atlantic passengers will see similar reductions in the ticket price , the airline said . The fuel surcharge helped airlines pass the high cost of oil on to their passengers . As prices have dropped from a record high in the summer , airlines have been under pressure to cut the fee . This the second fuel surcharge reduction for BA . It first cut the charge in October .	BA , Virgin reduce fuel surcharges by as much as a third on long-haul flights BA : Cut reflects reduction in oil prices and the airline 's fuel hedging policy Flights of more than nine hours will cost # 30-35  $ 46-54  less
California Gov. Jerry Brown has reversed a parole board decision and denied the release of Bruce Davis -- a former associate of Charles Manson and a convicted murderer himself . "  I find the evidence shows that he currently poses an unreasonable danger to society if released from prison , " Brown said in his decision released Friday night . "  Therefore , I reverse the decision to parole Davis . " Davis was sent to state prison for life on April 21 , 1972 , for the first-degree murders of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald "  Shorty " Shea in 1969 . In March , the state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole for the 71-year-old Davis following his 28th parole suitability hearing . Brown had up to 150 days to nullify or modify the decision . In reversing the board , Brown cited the viciousness of the killing . "  The exceptional brutality of these crimes and the terror the Manson Family inflicted on the Los Angeles community 45 years ago still resonate , " he said . It is the third time a California governor has refused to release Davis . In January 2010 and October 2012 , the parole board granted him parole . In the second case , the board explained it made such a recommendation because of Davis ' "  positive adjustment , record of no recent disciplinary problems , and for successfully completing academic and vocational education and self-help programs . " Both times , the sitting governors -- first Arnold Schwarzenegger and later Brown -- reversed that decision . "  When considered as a whole , I find the evidence ... shows why he currently poses a danger to society if released from prison , " Brown wrote in 2013 to explain his reversal . No Manson "  family " member has been freed solely for good behavior . The group 's gruesome killings inspired the best-selling book "  Helter Skelter " and made their undisputed ringleader Manson a cult figure . The 1969 spree ensnared several victims , including 8-months-pregnant actress Sharon Tate . Manson is serving a life sentence for his role in nine murders . He was denied parole for the 12th time in 2012 ; his next such hearing is set for 2027 , at which time he 'd be age 92 . Why people still pay attention to Charles Manson LAPD hopes decades-old tapes hold clues to Manson murder mystery Manson follower accused of trying to smuggle phone to cult leader	Gov. Jerry Brown had up to 150 days to nullify or modify a parole board 's decision The governor has reversed a board 's decision to grant Davis parole before Bruce Davis has been serving a life sentence since 1972 An associate of Charles Manson , Davis was convicted of murder in a pair of killings
CNN  -- A police officer and two civilians subdued an armed man who drove to a California probation office with 11 crude bombs , 70 loaded magazines and more than 4,000 rounds of ammunition , police said . Michael Solano , 54 , went to a California probation office with bombs and other weapons , police said . The man , Michael Solano , 54 , of Sacramento , was out of jail on bail for a July 18 incident in which police said an explosive device was found in his vehicle at the probation office . "  This guy was ready for war , " Yreka Police Chief Brian Bowles said in a written statement . "  We were very lucky this guy was stopped and nobody was killed yesterday . " The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon , when people saw Solano acting suspiciously near the Siskiyou County Probation Department and called police , Bowles said . Solano aimed a gun at an officer , police said . Two civilians then jumped into the fray and , with the officer , subdued Solano and wrestled the gun away , police said . During the scuffle , Solano repeated that he wanted to be killed and reached for the officer 's gun and Taser stun gun , Bowles said . Solano was handcuffed and searched . Police found a pipe bomb in his shoe , Bowles said . A neighborhood near the probation office was evacuated after Solano told police that he had 10 bombs in his car parked nearby , authorities said . The bombs were "  fragmentation grenades , " loaded with nails and BBs , Bowles said . In all , police discovered 70 loaded magazines , more than 4,000 rounds of ammunition , one stolen pistol and two assault weapons . They also found in Solano 's car three other weapons , including one with a silencer , surveillance equipment , a tactical vest and clothing with face masks , Bowles said . Solano was jailed in lieu of $ 2 million bail , police said . He was charged with possession of a destruction device , transportation of a destruction device and resisting police officer by force , attempting to take an officer 's firearm and assault with a firearm on a peace officer . He is facing additional charges , authorities said . Bowles thanked Brett Duncan and and Darrell Bourne of Yreka , who he said helped subdue Solano . "  We are lucky that the quick response from officers and help from the citizens saved us from a very serious incident , " he said .	Police : Man had bombs , loaded magazines and 4,000 rounds of ammunition An officer and two civilians jumped on the man and subdued him Michael Solano , 54 , was out on bail from a July incident involving bombs , police said Solano is now being held in lieu of $ 2 million bail
CNN  -- Major League Baseball has dropped its lawsuit against Anthony Bosch and the company the league claims provided performance-enhancing drugs to a number of players , including Yankees star Alex Rodriguez , a league spokesman said Tuesday . Mike Teevan , an MLB spokesman , said , "  We have dismissed our Biogenesis lawsuit . " That suit was filed in March against the South Florida clinic and several men associated with it -- led by Bosch -- for allegedly flouting the league 's drug prevention program , the pro sports league said . The lawsuit 's dismissal was n't entirely unexpected . ESPN had reported that MLB might drop the suit against Bosch if he cooperated in its investigation . The investigation led to the suspension of 14 players for violating the league 's drug policy . Besides Rodriguez , suspended players included Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun , the 2011 National League MVP . Only one of the players challenged his suspension : Alex Rodriguez . After he called out Commissioner Bud Selig and others in his appeal of a 211-game ban , an arbitrator reduced it to 162 games and the postseason . The Yankees third baseman sued Major League Baseball , Selig and the players ' union to get the ban overturned , claiming the league engaged in vigilante justice during its investigation of Bosch and his Biogenesis anti-aging clinic . But earlier this month , Rodriguez abruptly dropped his suit and accepted his suspension . After a surge in home runs in the late 1980s and 1990s -- highlighted by Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa racing to break Roger Maris ' single-season home run record in 1998 , followed three years later by Barry Bonds breaking the new record -- Major League Baseball was accused of not doing enough to recognize and combat the use of performance enhancing substances . The league , in conjunction with its players ' union , in recent years has beefed up its drug testing programs and penalties . A number of top-level and minor league players have been suspended as a result , including ex-Red Sox standout Manny Ramirez , for 50 games in 2009 . Biogenesis became part of the story publicly in late January 2013 , when the Miami New Times reported that more than a dozen professional baseball players and other athletes had been named in records kept over several years by the clinic . Two months later , MLB filed its lawsuit against the clinic in Florida 's Miami-Dade County . Its 14-page complaint named Biogenesis , its predecessor company and six individuals -- among them program director Bosch , others at the company , someone who worked at a sports agency , a former University of Miami baseball player and a "  self-proclaimed chemist " who supplied substances . According to Major League Baseball , the accused solicited players , supplied them with drugs and offered dosage recommendations to help them avoid testing positive for banned substances under the league 's program . "  The defendants  knowingly and intentionally caused and/or induced ... players to breach their contractual obligations under MLB 's Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program , " the complaint said . CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	Spokesman : Major League Baseball dismisses its lawsuit against the South Florida clinic It sued in March , saying Biogenesis flouted MLB 's anti-doping program MLB 's Biogenesis probe led to suspensions for Alex Rodriguez , Ryan Braun and 12 others
CNN  -- A sex tape allegedly showing former Sen. John Edwards survived a fire that torched a North Carolina courthouse on Thursday . Actually , the tape that was the subject of a February court hearing at the historic Chatham County Courthouse was not at the courthouse during the blaze , city officials said . The tape , said to show Edwards and his former mistress Rielle Hunter , had been moved to another facility , said Debora Henzey , community relations director for Chatham County . Seven fire departments responded to the blaze at the courthouse in downtown Pittsboro about 4:45 p.m. Thursday . It took firefighters hours to quell the blaze , which severely damaged the courthouse . In February , the courthouse was the scene of the legal battle over the sex tape , with Hunter suing for its return . At the hearing , Judge Abraham Penn Jones found former Edwards aide Andrew Young and his wife , Cheri , in civil contempt of court and ordered them to hand over the tape to the court . In court documents , the Youngs had said that the video showed "  Senator Edwards engaged in sexual activities with a woman who , from all indications , is not his wife and who the Youngs believe to be Ms. Hunter , based upon her appearance . " In January , Edwards admitted that he had fathered a child with Hunter , a videographer who worked on his 2008 presidential campaign . Edwards had publicly denied paternity for more than a year . About a week after his admission , he confirmed reports that he had legally separated from his wife , Elizabeth . Those announcements came just before Andrew Young released an embarrassing book about the Edwardses and his campaign . CNN 's Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	Tape was the subject of a February hearing at the Chatham County Courthouse Chatham County Courthouse in North Carolina burned on Thursday The tape , which allegedly shows John Edwards and Rielle Hunter , had been moved
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe swore in his new government Wednesday and confirmed that the new 26-member Cabinet , mainly composed of allies from his previous appointments , will not abandon his controversial policy of seizing the majority stake of foreign-owned firms . The 89-year-old leader told journalists after the Cabinet 's installation that Zimbabwe 's economic recovery will be anchored on mining , manufacturing and agriculture industries . "  We want to see the drive and we want to see indigenization done , " Mugabe said at State House after he had been asked if a change of personnel in the Indigenization Ministry , which oversees the takeover policy , meant a change of stance . Zimbabwe had had no functioning Cabinet since the July 31 elections when Mugabe was re-elected . Between 2009 and this year , Mugabe 's Zanu PF party and former Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's MDC party shared power . The new Cabinet retains the Ministry of Indigenization , the policy of seizing the majority stake of foreign owned firms and giving them to black Zimbabweans . Critics of the policy have said it mainly benefits a few elites . On Wednesday , Mugabe said most African countries like Sudan and Gabon are lagging behind as "  whites " exploit the continent 's resources . "  That is exploitation . That is theft by using crook-ish means to steal the wealth of Africa . Ah . Lets reject that , " said Africa 's oldest leader , who will finish his new term when he is 94 and will be able to stand for another term The Cabinet also includes Jonathan Moyo as media , information and broadcasting services minister . He was the one who drafted tough media laws in 2002 that have resulted in the deportation of foreign journalists and the closing of some media organizations . Mugabe tossed him out of Zanu PF after Moyo stood as an independent in the 2008 elections . Former Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa is now the finance minister , taking over from Tendai Biti , who was from the MDC party under the 2009-2013 coalition government . On Wednesday , the opposition described the Cabinet as "  dead wood . " Mugabe and Zanu PF got more than a two-thirds majority in parliament in the July 31 elections .	Mugabe confirms continuation of seizing the majority stake of foreign-owned firms He says Africa lags behind because "  whites " are exploiting its mineral resources The opposition describes the new cabinet as "  dead wood "
CNN  -- A tea party leader tied to alleged political dirty tricks that rattled Republicans in Mississippi and beyond is dead -- shot once in the head in an apparent suicide , according to police . Police officers in Ridgeland , Mississippi , found Mark Mayfield 's body shortly after 9 a.m. Friday on the floor of a storage room in his garage . "  Because all of the indications , it appears to be suicide , but we still got some things to look into , " Ridgeland police Chief Jimmy Houston told CNN . "  He left a suicide note , and we are verifying its validity . " Authorities have n't disclosed the contents of that note or why Mayfield might have taken his life . Yet the lawyer and Mississippi Tea Party leader has been under fire for the past month , having been charged with three others -- according to The Clarion-Ledger newspaper -- in connection to a blogger accused of taking a picture of Sen. Thad Cochran 's wife in her nursing home bed . This came a week after the blogger , Clayton Kelly , was himself charged . All were apparent allies of conservative state Sen. Chris McDaniel , who was then engaged in an ugly primary battle to see who would be the GOP Senate candidate from Mississippi . The photo of Cochran 's wife -- who suffers from dementia and has lived in a nursing home for 14 years -- surfaced in a political attack ad on YouTube that aimed to smear Cochran , The Clarion-Ledger reported . It 's unclear how the photo was used because the ad was removed within hours of being posted , according to the newspaper . This episode and others further inflamed the rhetoric in the primary fight . Cochran 's spokesman Jordan Russell , for example , said last month that Mayfield and the others ' arrests "  raises even more questions the McDaniel campaign needs to answer . " But on Friday , Cochran -- who narrowly edged McDaniel in Tuesday 's primary -- and his team showed only sympathy upon hearing about Mayfield 's death . "  This is very much a tragic and sad situation , " said Austin Barbour , a senior adviser to Cochran 's campaign . "  Mark was a really good guy . On behalf of Sen. Cochran and all of us for the campaign , our thoughts and prayers go out to his family and his friends . " Report : Mayfield faced conspiracy charges Mark Mayfield leaves behind his wife and two children . He also leaves a legacy in Mississippi in other ways , as a lawyer and a political leader . The Mississippi Tea Party remembered him as one of its founding members "  and one of our biggest cheerleaders . " "  He had a patriot 's soul , and a smile that was as big as day , " the group said on its website . Outside Mississippi , Mayfield became part of a bigger national story one week after authorities arrested political blogger Clayton Kelly for allegedly exploiting a vulnerable adult and illegally and improperly obtaining a photo of her without her consent for his own benefit , according to the Madison , Mississippi , Police Department . Blogger 's arrest shakes up Mississippi GOP primary Mayfield was later arrested along with Richard Sager , an elementary school P.E. teacher and high school coach , according to The Clarion-Ledger newspaper . Police also charged a third individual , John Beachman Mary , but did not take him into custody because of "  extensive medical conditions . " All three face conspiracy charges , the newspaper reported . Mayfield 's death came two days after the runoff to decide his state 's GOP Senate nominee -- an election necessitated since neither Cochran nor McDaniel cracked 50 % in the June 3 primary . Cochran won the latest contest by fewer than 7,000 votes , aided by African-American Democrats who were actively courted during the runoff campaign by pro-Cochran forces . According to Mississippi law , voters are not required to register with a political party , and anyone who does n't vote in a primary election can cast a ballot in either party 's runoff . McDaniel repeated his vow to use every legal maneuver available to fight the runoff results . Lawyer , friend : ` My heart is completely broken ' Still , while that political fight continues , the focus Thursday was on Mayfield and his family . His wife Robin was the only other person at the family 's Ridgeland residence at the time , and also the one who alerted authorities . The 57-year-old Mayfield was found dead of a lone gunshot wound , alongside a large caliber revolver . Mayfield 's attorney , Merrida Coxwell , said in a statement e-mailed to CNN that he was a client "  but more importantly , he was a friend for almost 34 years . "  My heart is completely broken . This is beyond tragic and the people of this community and state have lost a good man and citizen . " In a phone call with CNN , Coxwell added , "  It 's not important to me how it happened . It happened today . Mark 's wife called and texted me that Mark was deceased . " And McDaniel posted a statement on his Facebook page saying that , "  regardless of recent allegations made against his character , Mark Mayfield was a fine Christian man who was always respectful and kind . " "  He was one of the most polite and humble men I 've ever met in politics , " the state senator added . "  He was a loving husband , father , a pillar of his community , and he will be missed . " McDaniel says irregularities found Who is Thad Cochran ? Blogger 's arrest shakes up Mississippi Republican primary CNN 's Carma Hassan and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Police : Mayfield 's wife alerted authorities ; body had a revolver nearby Sen. Cochran adviser : "  This is very much a tragic and sad situation " Mississippi Tea Party laments loss of "  cheerleader " with "  a patriot 's soul " Mayfield was charged in a picture-taking incident involving senator 's wife
CNN  -- Now the 16 finalists have been decided , the build-up to next year 's European Championship finals in Poland and Ukraine has truly begun . Eight cities across the two countries will play host to the championships , kicking off at Warsaw 's National Stadium on June 8 and concluding in the final at Kiev 's Olympic Stadium on July 1 . The 2012 finals will be the 14th since the competition 's debut in 1960 and there have been many highlights since then . Here is CNN 's definitive guide to our top 10 most memorable European Championship moments in chronological order . Do you agree with our list ? Or have we omitted your favorite ? Send in a comment with your favorite moment .	Michel Platini 's nine goals in 1984 is a record for a European Championship finals Marco Van Basten 's volley for the Netherlands in 1988 is one of the greatest goals of all time Denmark and Greece stunned football with victories in 1992 and 2004 respectively
After signaling he was on the verge of delivering a strike against Syria , President Barack Obama made a last-minute decision Friday evening to seek congressional authorization before any military action , senior administration officials told reporters Saturday . The president announced the change in plans to his advisers at approximately 7 p.m. Friday , officials said . Obama had also come to the conclusion the United States should carry out a limited military strike to degrade Syria 's chemical weapons capabilities , they added . After privately wrestling with the decision for the past week , the officials said , Obama took what was described as a 45-minute walk with Chief of Staff Denis McDonough around 6 p.m. Friday and then called his top national security advisers into the Oval Office for a discussion . Senior administration officials say a heated debate broke out over the president 's decision . Those officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity and asked not to be quoted , declined to say which advisers initially disagreed with the call to seek congressional approval . The administration 's national security team , those officials added , is now firmly behind the president . The president later telephoned Vice President Joe Biden , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Secretary of State John Kerry to relay his decision , officials said . Obama convened a "  principals meeting " of his top national security and intelligence officials Saturday morning to finalize his decision . In addition to consulting with his top advisers , Obama also consulted with Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who told the president a delay would not jeopardize a military strike against Syria , officials said . A senior administration official told CNN that Secretary of State Kerry has "  no concerns " about the president 's decision . "  He was in the Senate for 29 years and has made consultation with Congress a huge priority since he became secretary of state . He has been on the front lines of briefing and consulting with Congress on every foreign policy issue from one end or the other for years . " A senior U.S. official indicated Hagel was with the president on the move . "  As a former senator whose views on the limits of war are well known , it 's not hard for Chuck Hagel to agree with the president , " the official told CNN . "  Hagel , a combat veteran with two Purple Hearts , has a pragmatic approach to the use of military force that involves the need to consider American public opinion . At the same time . Hagel believes that the use of force would be completely justified in the face of the reckless slaughter of innocent Syrian civilians , " the official said . But the decision to wait and seek congressional authorization comes with some risk , officials conceded . A vote to approve a military mission in Syria could fail in Congress . There is also the uncertain reaction from Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad . Senior administration officials , who accuse al-Assad of gassing rebel fighters along with innocent civilians , said the Syrian leader should think twice before taking any drastic action . The president , those officials cautioned , would hold al-Assad accountable . Senior administration officials rejected the notion the president 's decision to seek congressional authorization undermines decades of entrenched executive branch powers to take military action . Asking lawmakers for approval , the White House argues , would strengthen the president 's position diplomatically . Officials insisted the legislative branch is also responsible for holding al-Assad accountable for his alleged use of poison gas , noting Congress ratified an international chemical weapons convention in 1997 . To bolster their case to members of Congress , White House officials plan to make available classified materials from the administration 's intelligence report on the August 21 attack around Damascus . National security officials released an unclassified version of that assessment Friday . Congressional leaders , senior administration officials maintained , were supportive of the president 's decision to ask for approval from Capitol Hill . A top legislative aide , who also spoke on the condition of anonymity , questioned the confidence of White House officials in the outcome of any vote . "  It 's going to take a lot of work from  the president  to sell it . It 's all on him , " the aide said .	Kerry has "  no concerns " about the Obama decision Obama finalized his decision at a meeting of top intelligence officials Saturday morning Joint chiefs chairman told Obama waiting for approval would n't jeopardize action Legislative aide questions the White House 's confidence in the outcome of any vote
Throngs of people weighed in on the Chick-fil-A debate at stores across the United States on Wednesday , buying chicken sandwiches to show their support for the restaurant chain and its president 's opposition to same-sex marriage . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee dubbed it "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . " He called for a vocal response to the backlash against the fast food restaurants and their president . Eat Mor Chikin : Chick-fil-A 's stance on same-sex marriage faces test The controversy started after an interview with the fast food restaurant chain 's president and COO , Dan Cathy , appeared in The Baptist Press on July 16 . He weighed in with his views on family . "  We are very much supportive of the family -- the biblical definition of the family unit , " Cathy said . "  We are a family-owned business , a family-led business , and we are married to our first wives . We give God thanks for that . " On a Facebook page Huckabee created announcing the event , more than 620,000 people said they would participate . "  The goal is simple : Let 's affirm a business that operates on Christian principles and whose executives are willing to take a stand for the godly values we espouse by simply showing up and eating at Chick Fil-A on Wednesday , August 1 , " wrote Huckabee , a former pastor . Lines snaked around a Chick-fil-A in Dallas , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . Patrons packed a Chick-fil-A in Smyrna , Georgia . A food court with a Chick-fil-A was flooded in Laurel , Mississippi . On Facebook , fans posted photos of themselves holding bags emblazoned with the restaurant chain 's bright red logo . Edwin Guzman told CNN 's iReport that he waited about 30 minutes for his lunch at a "  crazy packed " Chick-fil-A in Clarksville , Tennessee . "  It 's really hard to find people or leaders that stand for something good and stay firm , " he said of the restaurant chain . In Barboursville , West Virginia , Brett Walker said , "  the scene at Chick-fil-A seemed like a massive silent protest . " Walker told iReport he chose to eat at the restaurant Wednesday "  in support of free speech " and waited 40 minutes to receive his order . Have you seen demonstrations at restaurants in your area ? A police officer directed traffic as cars jammed the area , and employees walked car to car in the drive-thru line to take orders , he said . Roger Cates told iReport he had lunch at Chick-fil-A in Owensboro , Kentucky , and planned to return with his family for dinner . Political leaders who have criticized the chain , like the mayors of Boston and Chicago , are hypocritical , he said . "  I think it is ironic that the so-called forces of tolerance and inclusion are calling for the exclusion of Chick-fil-A from cities simply because of the beliefs of their chairman . ... People that disagree with me have a right to their opinion , and I have a right to mine , " he said . In Oklahoma , Tim Tibbles told iReport that many braved hot weather to show their support for the restaurant . "  It 's 109 degrees here , and people have been standing outside for well over an hour . Nobody is complaining or talking about the controversy . They 're showing quiet support , " he said . Andy Kives drove 45 minutes each way Wednesday morning to get breakfast for his employees . The Blairsville , Georgia , resident told iReport he does n't care about the issue of same-sex marriage but felt compelled to support Chick-fil-A because "  it 's an uber-successful privately held corporation " that "  happened to take a public stand against a topic that the liberal media chooses to champion . " In the Atlanta area , CNN affiliate WSB warned of traffic delays around Chick-fil-As . Wendy Neill of Searcy , Arkansas , told iReport she brought her two daughters , ages 12 and 14 , with her to Chick-fil-A on Wednesday . "  It was good for them to see  that  this is what it means to be an American , and we have free speech , and when we want to make a statement , we can make it , " she said . Support extended beyond the restaurant chain . Some Wendy 's franchises in North and South Carolina weighed in Wednesday morning with signs outside their restaurants saying , "  We Stand With Chick-fil-A . " "  Too often , those on the left make corporate statements to show support for same-sex marriage , abortion , or profanity , but if Christians affirm traditional values , we 're considered homophobic , fundamentalists , hate-mongers , and intolerant , " Huckabee said on the Facebook page , adding that neither the company nor the Cathy family was involved in proposing or promoting the event . A vice president of the company said the day was not created by Chick-fil-A . "  We appreciate all of our customers and are glad to serve them at any time , " Steve Robinson said in a statement . "  Our goal is simple : to provide great food , genuine hospitality and to have a positive influence on all who come into contact with Chick-fil-A . " He declined to comment on sales figures or volume , saying Chick-fil-A is a privately held company . Proponents of same-sex marriage organized a simple counterprotest for Wednesday , asking people to donate the approximate cost of a Chick-fil-A meal , about $ 6.50 , to gay and lesbian rights groups , according to the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , known as GLAAD . The organization is backing a "  National Same-Sex Kiss Day " to be held Friday at Chick-fil-A restaurants nationwide , encouraging participants to post photos to the Internet . Complete coverage : Chick-fil-A debate	Mike Huckabee dubs Wednesday "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day " One supporter tells iReport he participated "  in support of free speech " A CNN affiliate reports traffic jams around restaurants On Facebook , more than 620,000 say they will participate
CNN  About a dozen Native American actors have walked off the set of an Adam Sandler movie comedy , saying the satirical Western 's script is insulting to Native Americans and women , according to a report . The walkout occurred Wednesday on the set of "  The Ridiculous Six " near Las Vegas , New Mexico , according to the Indian Country Today Media Network . The script called for native women 's names such as "  Beaver 's Breath " and "  No Bra " and an actress portraying an Apache woman to squat and urinate while smoking a peace pipe , ICTMN reported . "  When I began doing this film , I had an uneasy feeling inside of me and I felt so conflicted . ... We talked to the producers about our concerns . They just told us , ` If you guys are so sensitive , you should leave , ' " said Allison Young , a Navajo and one of the actors who left the set . "  Nothing has changed , " she told ICTMN . "  We are still just Hollywood Indians . " "  They were being disrespectful , " added David Hill , a Choctaw actor . "  They were bringing up those same old arguments that Dan Snyder uses in defending the  Washington  Redskins . But let me tell you , our dignity is not for sale . " Produced by Sandler 's Happy Madison Productions as part of a four-picture deal with Netflix , "  The Ridiculous Six " also stars Will Forte , Taylor Lautner , Steve Buscemi , John Turturro , Nick Nolte , Luke Wilson and Rob Schneider , among others . The ICTMN describes the movie as a Western spoof on "  The Magnificent Seven , " the 1960 classic about gunfighters who protect a village from a group of bandits . The movie was co-written by Sandler and is being directed by his frequent collaborator Frank Coraci . Actors playing historical figures include David Spade as General Custer , Blake Shelton as Wyatt Earp and Vanilla Ice as Mark Twain , according to the Internet Movie Database . Sandler had not commented publicly on the walkout as of Friday morning , although people were criticizing him in comments posted on his Facebook page . "  Hey Adam , act like an adult for once . Respect others , especially Native Americans , " wrote one commenter . In a statement sent to CNN and other media outlets , Netflix defended the movie as satire : "  The movie has ridiculous in the title for a reason : because it is ridiculous . It is a broad satire of Western movies and the stereotypes they popularized , featuring a diverse cast that is not only part of -- but in on -- the joke . " The Native American actors who spoke to ICTMN were n't laughing , however . One , Loren Anthony , posted a photo to Instagram from the set Monday along with a comment saying , "  Having a good time , great cast , great crew and feeling blessed to be here . " But by Wednesday , the Navajo actor had become disillusioned and joined others in walking out . He told ICTMN he felt insulted because costumes he and others wore to portray Apache Indians were not authentic . "  We were supposed to be Apache , but it was really stereotypical and we did not look Apache at all . We looked more like Comanche , " he said . According to ICTMN , a Native American adviser hired to help ensure the movie 's cultural authenticity also walked off the set in protest . Hill , the Choctaw actor , seemed to hold out hope that differences between the producers and Native American cast members could be resolved "  I hope they will listen to us , " he told ICTMN . "  We understand this is a comedy , we understand this is humor , but we wo n't tolerate disrespect . " In photos : A glimpse of life on the reservation	About a dozen Native American actors walk off set of Adam Sandler comedy , says report Actors say satirical Western 's script is insulting to Native Americans and women
CNN  -- Growing up in New York City , there are a few things I never imagined myself doing , like driving a car , living in a house or attending big high school games like the ones I 'd seen on TV . Yet in the years since leaving the isolated enclave of Manhattan , I 've taken pleasure in expanding my horizon and checking off all-American rites of passage , most recently , the baseball spring training road trip . By now , it 's a familiar tradition : as spring approaches , Major League Baseball teams head for camps in Florida and Arizona to work off the winter flab and get ready for the regular season . It 's become a big tourist draw , with 2012 game attendee numbers in Florida expected to surpass 1.5 million as the spring training season winds down this week . A new era of enhanced training facilities and stadiums have all the 21st-century bells and whistles , but in some respects , spring training is still a throwback to a more casual , pastoral brand of baseball . My initiation was an abbreviated tour , three games in three stadiums , with a beach condo in Indian Shores as home base . I 'm not a huge baseball fan , though I have found that appearing tolerant of sports generally makes you more likeable . But I consider myself a loyal girlfriend to a Braves fan who starts counting down on January 1 to the day pitchers and catchers report , who brought me to a Montgomery Biscuits game early in our relationship . Plus , we would be staying on the beach , so I welcomed the opportunity to familiarize myself with one of the nation 's most cherished pastimes . Friends and colleagues had briefed me on themes to look out for , including the corporatization of spring training , "  snowbirds " and interstate billboards warning against abortion on one side and promoting strip clubs on the other . I encountered nearly all of them , but what made the most profound impression was experiencing baseball stripped of its major corporate trappings : stadiums where puny chain-link fences separate fans from idols and beer is cheaper than in the majors  though it 'll still set you back at least $ 5  ; no Home Depot-sponsored tool races or incessantly loud Jumbotron ads . It 's a magic formula that has drawn fans to Florida for decades , though people only really began coming in droves in the last two decades , said Nick Gandy with Florida Sports , a sports promotion and tourist development organization . The advent of live remote broadcasts , which showed stadiums lined with palm trees and players with rolled-up shirtsleeves , started pulling in visitors from snow-covered states , he said . When players ' salaries began to rise in the 1980s , teams turned to spring training to expand the franchise , i.e. , revenue . A similar pattern emerged in Arizona , home to the 15 teams of the Cactus League , the Western version of Florida 's Grapefruit League . With 2011 game attendance surpassing 1.5 million visitors in 14 Florida stadiums , devotees worry that spring training 's popularity is diluting its homegrown appeal . A hotel room near a stadium for less than $ 100 was hard to come by , and had we waited until game day to buy tickets we would 've been shut out of two of three games . "  That 's the biggest difference right there , " said Gandy . "  Walking up and buying a ticket on game day  used to be  easy -- lucky if you can do that anymore . " The movement of teams from old stadiums into major complexes turned spring training into big business for the teams and the communities that host them , Gandy said , bringing in roughly $ 753 million a year in Florida . "  You have the Atlanta Braves in 1998 going from West Palm Beach to Disney World , of all places , " he said . "  You know if Disney 's getting involved in it there 's some big business there . " Big business indeed . "  It 's so Disney , " one man lamented as we walked out of a Braves game at ESPN 's Wide World of Sports . Champion Stadium , preseason home of the Braves , is located behind Disney World 's arch , and many consider the team 's presence near the Magic Kingdom antithetical to the spirit of spring training . Ticketmaster runs some of the box offices flanking the ESPN Club House , where the selection of Braves gear pales in comparison to the array of apparel festooned with Disney characters . Inside the flawless cream-colored stadium , "  cast members " served food in baskets bearing Mickey ears and the tagline "  where dreams come true . " Donald Duck escorted a local sports anchor onto the field to throw the first pitch . When the game gets boring , you can seek a reprieve in the PlayStation Pavilion , equipped with 17 PS3 consoles , at $ 5 for 30 minutes . Near the field , however , the mood in the air was more akin to a county fair than a professional baseball game . In a section of designated lawn seating , clusters of families and friends stretched out on blankets and children ran amok among stumbling drunks while couples canoodled . Plus , I can vouch for the pulled pork sandwich . It was heartwarming stuff , the "  real America " that I 'd grown up seeing on TV and in movies , a place where baseball is a microcosm of the community , the underdogs win and the guy gets the girl . But , make no mistake , real America requires a car and a license , or a boyfriend with both . And patience , because traffic 's a bitch , especially in places like Clearwater , spring training home of the Philadelphia Phillies and the Clearwater Threshers  that 's a shark !  the rest of the year . Located , ironically enough , on a former Home Depot site on U.S. 19 , the Phillies ' Bright House Stadium represents the partnerships among local government and the franchises that have nurtured spring training . It seems to be a win-win for folks in Clearwater and tourists from up North , where the Gulf Coast is promoted year-round as a vacation destination , and not just for spring training , Gandy said . The day we saw the Braves play the Phillies , I also learned that the beauty of preseason play is that it creates a home away from home for fans from afar . Concession stands offered Philly Cheese Steaks , knishes and P-shaped pretzels . At the bar , strangers swapped profanity-laced travel tips . In "  tiki bar " outfield seating , fans sat on bar stools behind long tables , raising bottles of Coors Light in the direction of players passing by . Others of a more inebriated nature demanded that Antonio Bastardo sign a beer bucket or have his "  ass kicked " and needled sports anchor Gregg Murphy with taunting , prolonged cries of "  MURPH ! " Fans rooted for the home team and made fun of the Braves . In the grassy parking lot , a leathery old man hawked collectors ' cards a few feet from Girl Scouts selling cookies . A man and a child tossed a ball around while we naively sat in our car for an hour waiting to reach the interstate . We did n't have that problem leaving Disney World . Many teams enjoy longstanding relationships with host cities , including the Phillies , who 've trained in Clearwater for more than 60 years , confirming their place within the community . But smaller host cities like Bradenton enjoy a special air of nostalgia , thanks to an old stadium recently renovated to retain a look reminiscent of scenes from "  A League of their Own , " the only baseball movie I ever enjoyed . McKechnie Field , preseason home of the Pittsburgh Pirates for more than 40 years , is in downtown Bradenton in between a smaller baseball diamond , a Domino 's Pizza and the Boys and Girls Club of Manatee , where parking is available for $ 7 . That may seem like a lot , but to my boyfriend , who pays $ 10 to park at the IBEW lot near Turner Field and then walk another 10 minutes , it was money well spent , especially for a short walk . Outside the stadium , fans tailgated on the lawn of the public works building and a Land O ' Lakes truck offered free grilled-cheese sandwiches . Inside the home of the Bradenton Marauders , vendors sold Iron City Beer next to county-fair-style stalls offering kettle corn , funnel cakes and turkey legs . In the stands before the game , sun-scorched retirees vacationing as ushers chastised fans for leaning over the dugout for autographs . But they did n't actually stop them from tossing balls and baseball caps to Tampa Bay 's Sean Rodriguez , who patiently smiled and signed . What our plastic stadium bench seats lacked in shade was made for up in proximity to the Pirates ' warmup area , separated from the fans by a low wall and a chain-link fence . Fans of Tampa Bay filled the stands , their black shirts eclipsing the Pirates ' St. Paddy 's Day green . In front of us , a man complained to his neighbor of the difficulty of getting tickets for the Yankees at Steinbrenner Field in Tampa . "  Those New Yorkers , " he muttered . Meanwhile , his wife gave instructions to their granddaughters via cell phone on where to stand to get Sean Rodriguez 's autograph . I was reminded of something my boyfriend said the day before , as we walked along the beach and listed all the license plates we 'd seen so far : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Georgia , Florida , Ontario , Quebec , New Brunswick  Indian Shores is near Dunedin , home of the Toronto Blue Jays since 1977  : "  I like the idea that all these people are on vacation to see baseball , " he said . Check that off the list !	Florida spring training baseball expected to draw more than 1.5 million people this year Some fans worry plain that spring training has become too corporate and expensive In three games , a visitor finds signs of more casual , pastoral brand of baseball
CNN  -- Politicians make gaffes almost daily . Some they can overcome . Some are fodder for late-night comedians . Some are deadly to their campaigns . Republican congressman Todd Akin 's recent gaffe was so toxic , he may not only have killed his campaign , he may be the political equivalent of a zombie who also infects the Romney/Ryan ticket with his deadly virus . The American public is smarter than most political campaigns give us credit for . We may not be geniuses -- me included -- but we intuitively grasp when a politician has merely slipped up or when he or she has revealed something much more significant . The first type of political gaffes are just that : mistakes . For example , when then-presidential candidate Barack Obama said he had campaigned in "  57 states . " Or when Rep. Michele Bachmann suggested that the American Revolution had started in New Hampshire . These kinds of comments are generally overcome . The only time they 're potentially fatal is if they occur with such frequency that they begin to define the politician . Note to Joe Biden : You are really getting close to achieving that feat . Then there are the gaffes that are not gaffes at all . These reveal the candidate 's views on an issue or a character flaw that we had not previously seen . Rep. Todd Akin 's notorious remark Sunday clearly falls into the second category . Akin assessing candidacy with conservatives in Florida His statement that a woman being raped could magically shut off her reproductive system and avoid becoming pregnant was so outrageous that even Mitt Romney quickly denounced him .  Surprising , because Romney failed to condemn Rush Limbaugh 's despicable comments regarding Sandra Fluke , the law student whom Limbaugh called a "  slut " on his radio show after she appeared before Congress to discuss contraception .  Akin 's statement also brought national attention to his radical position that a woman who becomes pregnant from rape should be required to carry the baby to term . Is this one statement enough to destroy Akin 's Senate campaign ? A quick review of the history of political missteps of this type tells us that Akin is probably "  dead candidate walking . " For example , in 1990 , Texas Republican gubernatorial candidate Clayton Williams was leading his Democratic opponent , Ann Richards , by 11 points with less than three months to go before Election Day . Williams then uttered a campaign-changing wisecrack comparing bad weather and rape : "  If it 's inevitable , just relax and enjoy it . " Thankfully , Williams lost by 2 points . Candidates have even been undone by a single word , as in the case of Mitt Romney 's father , George Romney , who had been seeking the 1968 Republican nomination for president . Romney had supported the Vietnam War but then came out against it when running for president , as it had become unpopular .  This is apparently a Romney family trait . Romney , trying to explain his new anti-war position , commented that in 1965 , he had visited Southeast Asia and met with U.S. generals who "  brainwashed " him into supporting the war . Romney 's candidacy could never overcome this remark . And there was Republican Sen. George Allen 's public use of the racially derogatory term "  macaca " to describe a staff member of his opponent 's campaign who was of Indian heritage . Allen had been leading in the polls at the time but went on to lose that 2006 election . Conservative Christians rally around Akin in face of GOP criticism Some candidates have even been undone by simply showing too much emotion , causing voters to question the candidate 's stability . In 1972 , Sen. Edmund Muskie was a leading candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination . But his candidacy came apart when Muskie reportedly had "  tears streaming down his face " as he emotionally defended attacks on his wife and himself by the publisher of a New Hampshire newspaper . Consequently , many were concerned that Muskie did n't posses the composure needed to serve as president . In the same vein , Howard Dean 's 2004 presidential ambitions were derided when he released a flu-ridden  and blood-curdling  scream during a speech shortly after losing Iowa 's Democratic caucus . But there 's one big difference between Akin 's gaffe and the other politically deadly ones above . Those hurt only the candidates who committed them . Akin 's comments may even hurt the Romney campaign and other Republicans . Indeed , the Republican National Committee chairman , Reince Priebus , instructed Akin to not attend next week 's Republican National Convention . However , the problem for Romney and others in the GOP is that while Akin may not be at the convention , his radical view that abortion should be banned in the U.S. with no exceptions for rape will be . This position is part of the Republican Party 's national platform , adopted a few days ago and supported by Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan . As the postscript for this campaign is written after Election Day , we may find that Akin 's comments mark the first time that a political gaffe not only doomed the candidate who made it , it also dragged down his party 's presidential ticket . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Politicians can overcome some gaffes , but others are deadly , says Dean Obeidallah Some gaffes are just factual errors . Others are much more revealing , he says Todd Akin 's rape comments may spell the end of his senatorial chances , he says Obeidallah : Will Akin 's comments also bring down the Romney/Ryan ticket ?
A former aide to then-presidential candidate John Edwards testified Tuesday he helped cover up Edwards ' affair with a campaign videographer . The scheme , according to Andrew Young , included him claiming he was the father of Rielle Hunter 's child to protect Edwards . Young is the star government witness against Edwards , who is accused of using hundreds of thousands of dollars from 101-year-old heiress Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon and another donor to conceal his affair with Hunter . The candidate asked him to allow Hunter to move in with his family in North Carolina after newspapers began looking into a possible affair in the campaign , Young testified . The woman lived with the family three months and expected others to dote on her , Young said . "  She could go shopping at Neiman Marcus , but she could n't go to grocery store , " said Young . More serious was Young 's description of how money was allegedly funneled beginning in late 2007 . Young , the first witness in the trial , said Mellon was an enthusiastic supporter who apologized for not being able to give the campaign more than $ 1 million . Mellon made personal checks out to her interior decorator , who would write checks that would end up in the account of Young and his wife , the witness told jurors . Hunter eventually moved to a gated community and the money was used to pay $ 2,700 monthly rent and purchases of furniture , television and a BMW , Young said . Hunter also was given a credit card bearing a different name . Prosecutors say Edwards broke federal law by accepting about $ 725,000 from Mellon and more than $ 200,000 from Fred Baron , a now-deceased Texas lawyer who was his finance chairman . The money was used to pay for Hunter 's living and medical expenses , travel and accommodations to keep her out of sight while he made his second White House run in 2008 , prosecutors say . Edwards is accused of concealing the money from the public and the Federal Election Commission , which polices political contributions , by filing false and misleading campaign disclosure reports . Young is testifying for the prosecution under a cooperation agreement with the hope that he wo n't be prosecuted . Young , who has not undergone cross-examination , also testified that Edwards made a disparaging comment about his mistress after she called to say she was pregnant . "  She was crying , she was distraught , and she needed to speak with Mr. Edwards immediately , " Andrew Young told jurors about his conversation in 2007 with Hunter . "  I said , ` Somebody better be pregnant or dying . She said , ` nobody 's dying , ' " Young recounted . He said he told Edwards about Hunter 's pregnancy . Young quoted Edwards as replying that , " ` She 's a crazy slut ' and there 's a 1-in-3 chance it was his child . " Reporters located a pregnant Hunter at a Cary , North Carolina , grocery story in December 2007 and two men came to his house , Young said . "  They knew about affair between Ms. Hunter and Mr. Edwards and they wanted to ask me about it , " said Young . The cover-up , according to Young , began the next day when he got a call from Edwards . Edwards proposed that the campaign 's account of an affair would be between two staffers -- Hunter and Young , the latter testified . Eventually , all parties agreed to the plan , with Edwards thanking his aide . "  We had been lying a great deal , but also what he was saying rang true , we believed in the causes , " Young said . "  I wanted my friend to be president . Being friends with the most powerful person on Earth , there 's benefits for you , your family . " Edwards admitted his affair with Hunter in 2008 , after his presidential ambitions foundered . In 2010 , he admitted that he was the father of Hunter 's daughter . "  This affair was a gamble with exceedingly high stakes , " prosecutor David Harbach told jurors during Monday 's opening statements . "  If the affair went public , it would have destroyed any chance to become president , and he knew it . Two of his most enthusiastic supporters happened to be wealthy , and he knew that , too . He made a choice to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars . He made a choice to break the law . " Young also testified Tuesday that Hunter was upset because Edwards would n't return her calls . "  If I do n't talk to him immediately , this is over . I 'm tired of living a lie . I 'm going to go public , " Hunter said , according to Young . Edwards indicated that Hunter needed to be kept on an allowance , said Young . "  $ 5,000 a month was the typical amount , but there were a couple of times where we gave $ 12,000 a month , " said Young . According to Young , Edwards tried to distance himself from the Mellon money of which he was aware while he was interested in becoming U.S. attorney general in a new Democratic administration . "  He said he could n't know about any of this in case he had to be sworn in for attorney general , " Young said . Young is the author of "  The Politician : An Insider 's Account of John Edwards 's Pursuit of the Presidency and the Scandal That Brought Him Down , " in which he accuses Edwards of using money from his benefactors to maintain his relationship with Hunter . The defense argues that the money Edwards received from Mellon and Baron was for personal reasons : to protect Edwards ' wife , Elizabeth , who was dying of cancer , and his family from public humiliation . Edwards has said his actions were wrong but insisted that they were not illegal . "  This was a fall from grace , " defense attorney Allison Van Laningham told jurors . "  It was that humiliation he was trying to avoid all along . " Edwards could face up to 30 years in prison if convicted of all six felony and misdemeanor counts against him . Seven of the 16 jurors , four of whom are alternates , are women . Edwards ' lawyers wasted no time attacking Young 's credibility , starting with their opening statements Monday . Van Laningham alleged that Young consulted with three other witnesses about testimony after the witness list was released three weeks ago and portrayed him as a greedy staffer who has said Edwards is his ticket to the top . Van Laningham also pointed out that Young had his own affair , a one-night stand with a campaign employee . Experts say the government faces an uphill battle to convict Edwards in a legal field riddled with loopholes . The former senator refused a plea bargain to misdemeanor charges that would have given him a few months in prison but would have allowed him to keep his law license . His wife , Elizabeth , died of cancer in December 2010 . The pair had separated after Edwards acknowledged the paternity of Hunter 's child , but Edwards was at her bedside when she died . Jurors also heard voice mails of calls between Edwards and Young . In one excerpt , the candidate tells Young he should tell his wife about the situation . And a January 2008 call by Edwards made a reference to Hunter , according to Young : "  Just wanted for all of you , including her , to know that I 'm thinking about you . "	Ex-aide Andrew Young testifies he helped cover up John Edwards ' affair Young tells about Edwards ' response to the new his mistress was pregnant Edwards is accused of using campaign contributions to hide his mistress A donor said she thought Edwards would be "  savior of America , " Young testifies
