A Los Angeles jury decided Wednesday that AEG Live hired Dr. Conrad Murray , but also concluded that the concert promoter was not liable for Michael Jackson 's drug overdose death . The jury decided that Murray was competent , so even though AEG Live hired him , it was not liable for Jackson 's death and did n't owe the Jackson family millions of dollars in compensation . "  I counted Michael Jackson a creative partner and a friend , " the company 's CEO Randy Phillips said . "  We lost one of the world 's greatest musical geniuses , but I am relieved and deeply grateful that the jury recognized that neither I , nor anyone else at AEG Live , played any part in Michael 's tragic death . " The verdict brings the five-month-long trial to a close . "  We have said from the beginning that this case was a search for the truth . We found the truth . AEG hired Dr. Conrad Murray , the man who is in jail for killing Michael Jackson , " according to a statement from family matriarch Katherine Jackson and her lawyers . "  All options regarding the balance of the jury verdict are being considered . " The jury accepted AEG Live lawyers ' arguments that the company was not negligent because its executives had no way of knowing that Murray -- licensed to practice in four states and never sued for malpractice -- was a risk to Jackson . The singer was a secretive drug addict who kept even his closest relatives in the dark about his use of propofol to sleep , they contended . Jackson 's mother and the singer 's three children sued AEG Live in 2010 , arguing that the company 's negligence in hiring , retaining or supervising Murray was a factor in the singer 's June 25 , 2009 , death . Jackson died of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , which Murray told investigators he was using to treat the singer 's insomnia so he could rest for rehearsals . Murray is set to be released from jail later this month after serving two years for involuntary manslaughter . Jackson died just days before his comeback tour -- promoted and produced by AEG Live -- was set to debut in London in the summer of 2009 . "  We felt  Murray  was competent " to be Jackson 's general practitioner , said juror Greg Barden . "  That does n't mean we felt he was ethical . " Barden said jurors thought the second question -- which said , "  Was Dr. Conrad Murray unfit or incompetent to perform the work for which he was hired ? " -- was confusing and took some time , and several votes , to work out . In the end , they voted 10-2 to answer "  No . " He said one of the key pieces of evidence was the contract between Murray and AEG . "  The jury 's decision completely vindicates AEG Live , confirming what we have known from the start -- that although Michael Jackson 's death was a terrible tragedy , it was not a tragedy of AEG Live 's making , " attorney Marvin Putnam said in a written statement . Murray 's lawyer , Valerie Wass , let out a gasp when she heard the decision and was visibly shaken . Because jurors concluded that AEG Live was not liable , they did not consider other questions on the verdict form that would have determined how much in damages the promoter would have paid Katherine , Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson . Jackson lead lawyer Brian Panish suggested a range between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion to replace the earnings lost by Jackson 's death at age 50 and the non-economic -- or personal -- damages from the loss of a father and son . The damage award , however , would have been reduced by the percentage of blame jurors decided Michael Jackson shared in his death . The Jacksons lawyer suggested in closing arguments that they assign 20 % of the liability to Jackson . AEG 's lawyers had contended Jackson chose Murray , who had treated him for three years as a family physician , but Jackson lawyers had argued the promoters chose to negotiate their own contract with the doctor so they could control him . The case is unlikely to end with the jury 's verdict because Jackson lawyers have said they have grounds for an appeal , which could take years to decide . Jurors appeared engaged and entertained during the 21-week trial that included dramatic testimony by Jackson 's mother , son and former wife .	Jackson family says the truth was found , it is considering legal options The jury said AEG had hired Dr. Conrad Murray but was not liable for Jackson 's death Juror says they believed Murray was capable , but not ethical AEG CEO says Jackson was friend , but his company was n't part of ` tragic death '
CNN  -- The death toll from a string of hurricanes and tropical storms in Haiti has risen to nearly 800 people , an official with the Haitian Red Cross says . A man carries drinking water through the flooded streets of Gonaives , Haiti , last month . Jean Pierre Guiteau , the group 's executive officer , said they suspected the numbers may climb further because many people were still missing . Heavy rainfall from four major storms in August and September created fatal flooding and mudslides in Haiti . Tropical Storm Fay caused flooding and significant damage when it hit the impoverished island nation . Heavy rains from Hurricane Gustav , considered a major hurricane , caused destructive mudslides after it made landfall in Haiti on August 26 , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said . Tropical Storm Hanna passed over northern Haiti in early September , bringing heavy rain and flooding . Ike , another major hurricane , caused flooding and mudslides . The United States has provided more than $ 30 million in humanitarian assistance to Haiti in the wake of the storms , the U.S. Agency for International Development said . The United Nations ' Central Emergency Response Fund has allocated more than $ 4 million for post-hurricane humanitarian aid , the agency said . The U.S. Navy sent the USS Kearsarge to Haiti last month to deliver more than 1,400 metric tons of relief supplies , in support of USAID and the World Food Program . It delivered heavy lift helicopters to carry rice , water , plywood and other supplies to Haitians , and also carried medical and engineering teams to remote parts of the country . Even before the tropical weather struck Haiti , an estimated 2.3 million Haitians had fallen into food insecurity , with dramatic increases in prices for staple foods , USAID has said .	Death toll from string of hurricanes and tropical storms in Haiti rises to nearly 800 Heavy rainfall from four major storms in August and September created fatal flooding United States has provided more than $ 30 million in humanitarian aid
CNN  -- Singer and actress Eartha Kitt has died , her publicist , Patty Freedman , told CNN on Thursday . Actress Eartha Kitt , shown at a benefit for the Actors Fund in 2003 , performed almost until the end of her life . Kitt , 81 , died in New York , where she was being treated for colon cancer , Freedman said . Her daughter , Kitt Shapiro , was by her side . She was performing almost until the end , taping a PBS special six weeks ago in Chicago , Illinois . The show is set to air in February . The ringtone version of her recording of the saucy Christmas song "  Santa Baby " was certified gold earlier this month . Kitt was well known for her distinctive voice and made a name for herself in her portrayal of Catwoman in the television series "  Batman . " That role produced Kitt 's recognizable sultry cat growl . She worked in film , theater , cabaret , music and on television during her lengthy career . According to Kitt 's official Web site , she was nominated for a Tony three times , a Grammy and Emmy twice . According to the biography on that site , Kitt lived in Connecticut near her daughter and four grandchildren . Kitt was ostracized at an early age because of her mixed-race heritage , the biography says . At age 8 , she was sent from the cotton fields of South Carolina by her mother to live with her aunt in New York City 's Harlem neighborhood , the site said . As a teen , she auditioned for the famed Katherine Dunham Dance Troupe , was hired as a featured dancer and vocalist , and toured worldwide with the company . This launched Kitt into a life of roles in the entertainment field . According to the book "  Contemporary Black Biography , " she was adored in Europe in the 1950s as a cabaret singer . In the United States , her dance career led to a critically acclaimed stint on Broadway , including the play "  New Faces of 1952 , " which was later made into a movie . Broadway stardom landed Kitt a recording deal that led to a string of best-selling records , including "  Love for Sale , " "  I Want to Be Evil , " "  Santa Baby " and "  Folk Tales of the Tribes of Africa . " She recorded more than 20 albums , worked in hundreds of television and movie roles , and was invited as a guest to the White House several times . CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Kitt died in New York , where she was being treated for colon cancer Her daughter , Kitt Shapiro , was by her side Her recording of saucy Christmas song "  Santa Baby " was certified gold last week Kitt made a name for herself in as Catwoman in "  Batman " TV series
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran said Saturday that Morocco 's decision to cut diplomatic ties between the two countries harms Muslim unity , state media reported . Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki says soldiarity in Islamic world needed to support Palestinians . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran believes that at the present juncture when the unity and solidarity of Islamic countries is necessary for supporting the Palestinian people , this act of Morocco harms unity of the Muslim world , " Iran 's Foreign Ministry said in a written statement , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported . Morocco decided to cut diplomatic ties with Iran Friday , blaming Tehran 's "  inadmissible attitude " against the African country as a reason for the decision for the move , Moroccan Press Agency said . The move ratchets up a feud between Sunni Morocco and Shiite Iran . On February 25 , Morocco recalled its interim charge d'affaires from Tehran for a week of consultations , the statement said . Morocco has demanded that Iran explain "  unacceptable " language in a statement it issued after Morocco expressed its solidarity with Bahrain , the statement said . Bahrain , a tiny Persian Gulf archipelago , embodies the Sunni-Shiite divide . With a majority Shiite population and a Sunni ruler , Bahrain has become a point of contention between Morocco and Iran , said Sandra Mackey , a Middle East analyst and author of "  The Iranians . " Mackey said Bahrain 's government has not allowed its Shiite majority into the political and economic power structure , "  so Iran has an interest in egging on this Shia foment in Bahrain -- in order to raise Iran 's stature in the Persian Gulf . " Morocco has ambitions to raise its stature among Arab states , and "  it would make some sense that they would jump on this , " she said . "  They 're far enough away where it 's not going to impact on them directly , " Mackey added . Mackey said other emirates would likely be more cautious about confronting Iran , she said , "  but the Moroccans can do it without posing any serious threat on their doorstep . " There is potential for conflict within Bahrain , she said . "  The Shia are really pushing against this Sunni government and the Sunni government , I think , is in a fairly significant amount of trouble , " she said . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Morocco cut diplomatic ties with Iran on Friday because of "  inadmissible attitude " The move ratchets up feud between Sunni Morocco and Shiite Iran Rift related to Iran 's reaction to Morocco 's statement of solidarity with Bahrain Sunni-ruled Bahrain has become point of contention between Morocco and Iran
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 200 people have died of meningitis in the past week alone in Niger and Nigeria , according to the World Health Organization . A health care worker vaccinates a child during an earlier outbreak of meningitis in Niger . The disease is an epidemic in 76 areas of the two countries , the health agency reported Wednesday . A spokesman for W.H.O. in Nigeria , Dr. Olaokun Soyinka , said Saturday that the outbreak is bigger than usual and stretches across the African meningitis belt from east - to west-sub-Saharan Africa . The outbreak began around the start of the year , Soyinka told CNN . It usually peaks in the dry season because of dust , winds and cold nights , before dipping around May when the rains come , he said . A shortage of vaccines means officials are relying on "  effective prevention , " in which they watch for outbreaks and then vaccinate people in the epicenter and surrounding areas , Soyinka told CNN . There have been nearly 25,000 suspected cases and more than 1,500 deaths in the meningitis belt in the first 11 weeks of the year , W.H.O. reported . More than 85 percent of those cases happened in northern Nigeria and Niger . Nigeria 's Ministry of Health has reported 17,462 suspected cases of meningococcal disease , including 960 deaths , the world health agency said . In the past week , it reported 4,164 suspected cases with 171 deaths . Sixty-six local government areas in Nigeria have crossed the epidemic threshold . Epidemic thresholds are a way the W.H.O. confirms the emergence of an epidemic so it can step up vaccinations and other management measures . Niger 's Ministry of Health has reported 4,513 suspected cases of meningococcal disease , including 169 deaths , since the start of the year . In the past week , 1,071 suspected cases and 30 deaths have been reported , the W.H.O. said . Ten of Niger 's 42 districts have crossed the epidemic threshold . By comparison , other countries are reporting fewer than 50 cases a week . Meningitis is an infection of the meninges , the thin lining that surrounds the brain and the spinal cord . Several different bacteria can cause meningitis but Neisseria meningitidis -- which is to blame for this outbreak -- is one of the most significant because of its potential to cause epidemics . Health authorities have released 2.3 million doses of vaccine to Nigeria and 1.9 million doses to Niger , the W.H.O. said . CNN 's Christian Purefoy in Lagos , Nigeria , contributed to this report .	W.H.O. : Meningitis killed more than 200 people in the past week in Niger and Nigeria Outbreak stretches across African "  meningitis belt , " at epidemic levels in 76 areas Vaccine shortage forces an "  effective prevention " approach 25,000 suspected cases , 1,500 deaths in the belt in the first 11 weeks of 2009
CNN  -- Italy is famed for fashion , food and , of course , history . In fact , Italy has the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites of any country in the world . As other social needs have taken priority in economically turbulent times , however , the country 's budget for maintaining and restoring some of its greatest tourist attractions has been drastically reduced . While the Italian State Tourist Board said it could n't supply statistics , as much as a third of culture budgets  $ 1.42 billion / $ 1.83 billion  have been cut over the past three years , according to a September 2012 report in The Daily Beast . Restoration of historic monuments has instead been left largely to the generosity of private donors . Step forward Italian fashion industry . Over the past two years , several Italian fashion brands have pledged substantial amounts of money for the restoration of well known heritage sites . In 2011 , luxury leather goods company Tod 's pledged $ 25 million  $ 32 million  toward the restoration of the Colosseum . In May 2013 , Diesel agreed to restore the Rialto Bridge in Venice to the tune of $ 5 million  $ 6.4 million  . In Solomeo , Umbria , cashmere brand Brunello Cucinelli is helping to restore the town that it 's based in , one building at a time . The Prada Foundation , the brand 's charitable art branch , has helped restore the Venetian palazzo Ca ' Corner Della Regina for use as an exhibition space . The latest to pledge funds is Fendi . The maker of high-end leather handbags has pledged $ 2.5 million  $ 3.2 million  for the restoration of Trevi Fountain , as well as Le Quattro Fontane , both in Rome . Fendi to finance Trevi Fountain makeover What brands get back In addition to the PR value of maintaining a heritage site , some brands also gain substantial marketing advantages . During the restoration of Trevi fountain , Fendi will be allowed to display its logo at the site . A plaque dedicated to the brand will be displayed at the site for four years after completion of the restoration . Diesel is reportedly allowed to place advertising billboards over a part of the Rialto Bridge during that restoration . Advertisements on some of their most cherished monuments do n't seem to bother locals . "  If someone or a company is spending money to renovate a public building , which will be covered in scaffolding , green netting or white sheeting anyway , why should n't they be allowed to brand their contribution ? " says Primo Franco of Nino Franco Winery , speaking about the Rialto Bridge renovations . "  It is a temporary situation and renovation and restoration requires a huge amount of financing and should n't this investment be recognized ? Funding large scale projects via the private sector is a way to protect the future of the cultural monuments in Italy . " "  We were delighted to learn of Diesel 's generosity in contributing to the restoration of the Rialto Bridge , " said Jane da Mosto , environmental scientist , activist and co-founder of weareherevenice , an organization that seeks to preserve Venice 's unique heritage . "  Each time I walk over it , I notice another facet of the incredible construction and it is an eternal reminder of the ingeniousness of Venetian architects and craftsmanship . It is also appropriate that the shop benefiting from a strategic position at the foot of the bridge is contributing to safeguarding the heritage of the city that brings it so many customers . " 12 alternative Italian destinations Private donation scandals The marriage of corporate donors and restoration projects is n't always so warm . In 2011 , the UK-based Art Newspaper reported that the Church of Santa Maria di Portosalvo in Naples signed a contract in 2009 with restoration firm Grandi Progetti that allowed the firm to sell advertising space on its scaffolding in exchange for free restoration work . While Grandi Progetti profited with $ 3 million  $ 3.8 million  in advertising revenue , none of the contracted restoration work was done . The article cited similar cases in at least 22 other Italian cities . There are , of course , alternative sources of funding . According to the Italian State Tourism Board , some restoration projects are funded by the Italian National Lottery . Private charitable trusts such as Venice in Peril have raised funds in partnership with restaurant chain Pizza Express to support restoration projects . For now , however , cash infusions from big brands , with commercial images strongly tied to their Italian roots , seem to be just the prescription for the problems ailing various monuments . Especially with traditional entities of public maintenance lacking the necessary resources . "  The city administration is being remarkably inefficient in managing Venice and should not be allowed to become too reliant on the private sector to mop up the mess of its own messy housekeeping , " says activist da Mosto . For now , though , most locals seem happy that at least someone is around to clean up the mess , even if it means identifying history with commercial promotion .	Tod 's , Fendi and Diesel all pledge big bucks to restore Italy 's top tourist spots Restoration is marketing strategy for luxury brands Locals welcome fashion brands ' input
CNN  -- Can a handful of ancient copper coins from a once-opulent but now abandoned corner of East Africa change what we know about Australian history ? A team of researchers is on a mission to find out . With its glittering wealth , busy harbor and coral stone buildings , the island of Kilwa rose to become the premier commercial post of coastal East Africa around the 1300s , controlling much of the Indian Ocean trade with the continent 's hinterland . Situated in present-day southern Tanzania , during its heyday Kilwa hosted traders from as far away as China , who would exchange gold , ivory and iron from southern Africa 's interior for Arabian pottery and Indian textiles as well as perfumes , porcelains and spices from the Far East . But the Kilwa sultanate 's heyday came to a crashing end in the early 1500s with the arrival of the Portuguese who sacked the city in their bid to dominate the trade routes between eastern Africa and India . From then on , Kilwa never managed to recover its greatness . With its trading network gradually eclipsing , the once flourishing city started to decline in importance . It was eventually deserted in the 19th century , its crumbling , UNESCO-protected ruins offering today a glimpse of its glorious past . But interest in this nearly forgotten East African city has resurfaced lately thanks to the mystery surrounding a remarkable discovery thousands of miles away , in a long-abandoned , remote chain of small islands near Australia 's Northern Territory . Astonishing discovery Back in 1944 , an Australian soldier named Maurie Isenberg was assigned to one of the uninhabited but strategically positioned Wessel Islands to man a radar station . One day , whilst fishing on the beach during his spare time , he discovered nine coins buried in the sand . Isenberg stored them in a tin until 1979 , when he wondered if they might be worth something and sent them to be identified . Four of the coins were found to belong to the Dutch East India Company , with one of them being from the late 17th century . But the rest of them were identified as originating from Kilwa , believed to date back to the 1100s . The sultanate started minting its own currency in the 11th century . Read this : The dark history of Bunce Island "  It 's a very fascinating discovery , " says Ian McIntosh , an Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis anthropologist . "  Kilwa coins have only ever been found outside of the Kilwa region on two occasions , " he explains . "  A single coin was found in the ruins of great Zimbabwe and one coin was found in the Arabian Peninsula , in what is now Oman , but nowhere else . And yet , here is this handful of them in northern Australia , this is the astonishing thing . " Re-write history ? According to history textbooks , Aboriginal explorers arrived in Australia from Asia at least 60,000 years ago . The first European widely known to have set foot on the continent was Dutch navigator Willem Janszoon in 1606 , more than 160 years before captain James Cook arrived at Australia 's south-eastern coast to claim the territory for the British empire . So how did the five coins from distant Kilwa wind up in the isolated Wessel Islands ? Was a shipwreck involved ? Could it be that the Portuguese , who had looted Kilwa in 1505 , reached the Australian shores with coins from East Africa in their possession ? Or was it that Kilwan sailors , renowned as expert navigators all across the sea route between China and Africa , were hired by traders from the Far East to navigate their dhows ? These are the kind of questions that McIntosh now hopes to answer as he bids to unravel the mystery of how the coins , which are currently stored in Sydney 's Powerhouse Museum , were found in this part of the world . "  We have five separate hypotheses we 're looking to test about how these coins got there , each one quite different from the other , " says McIntosh . On July 15 , he will lead an eight-member team of archaeologists , historians and scientists to the area where Isenberg discovered the coins . Read this : African roots of the human family tree "  This is an initial survey ; if we find something then we 'll prepare for a more detailed and focused exploration in specific areas , " says the Australian professor . "  We are interested in a more accurate portrayal of Australian history that is currently allowed in textbooks . " The team will embark on its quest for answers equipped with a nearly 70-year-old map on which Isenberg had marked with an X the spot where he found the coins . McIntosh , who was sent the map before Isenberg 's death in 1991 , says he first tried to mount an expedition to the Wessel Islands in the early 1990s but at the time he 'd failed to gather funding . "  In 1992 there was a very limited interest for such a venture , " he says . "  But we maintained an interest in the Kilwa connection because it was such a famous place in its day -- from the 1100s to the 1300s it was the most prominent port in the entire east African coast , bigger than Mombasa , Zanzibar and Mogadishu . " "  If you bought these coins in a shop in Kilwa , you could probably get them for a few dollars , " says McIntosh . "  But in northern Australia , these are priceless in terms of their historical value . "	African coins dating back to 1100s found in remote part of Australia Coins were minted in powerful African city state of Kilwa , in modern-day Tanzania Australian professor leading an expedition to discover how they got there
CNN  -- In the next week North Korea will launch a satellite to coincide with the 100th birthday of Kim Il Sung , the late "  Great Leader , " and the man perhaps most responsible for the reclusive state 's status as the world 's most irresponsible country . But Kim 's "  birthday present " also means North Korea 's people will have to forgo 240,000 metric tons of food aid from the United States , as well as the prospect of further negotiations aimed at bringing their country in from the cold . There are no good options for how we should respond . There never are with the North Koreans . But working closely with our partners is a good place to start . We must ensure the launch strengthens our partnerships rather than weakens them . It is difficult at this point to assess what happened to make the North Koreans essentially renege on the deal . Many analysts have made the case that this is typical North Korean behavior . That is true , but with an important caveat : The North Koreans usual way of doing things is first to pull out of a negotiation over some issue that would not be an issue among normal countries , but becomes a deal breaker for this "  exceptional nation . " North Korea parades launch pad for world media After a period of time , the North Koreans tend to follow up their effective walkout with a provocative act such as a missile test . In the case of the February 29 agreement , however , the negotiations had hardly broken down . By all accounts the atmosphere was good . The process was very much on track , and -- dare one use a word that should not be used in the context of North Korean negotiations -- there was optimism . Optimism that finally the momentum was being cranked up . Another far more spurious explanation has been to blame the victim , in this case , the United States . The idea is that the U.S. negotiators , having conducted months of painstaking preliminary work including with the Chinese and the South Koreans , somehow failed to nail down a clear pledge from the North Koreans , to the effect that a so-called space launch would be on the proscribed list . Obama warns against provocation This farcical argument , prevalent among those who have convinced themselves that they would have been more competent than the U.S. negotiators , has been "  confirmed " by the North Koreans themselves -- surprise , surprise -- who deny the launch was even mentioned in negotiations . Besides , the North Koreans view their space program as a kind of NASA of their own , and how could anyone think the launch was anything but their own contribution to the peaceful exploration of space ? A far more likely explanation is that -- surprise , surprise -- North Korea did not have its act together . The people negotiating the food aid were not the same as those launching the missile . Presumably , the rift was civil-military , with the former more interested in feeding its people than the latter . One can imagine as well various conspiracy theories to explain the situation . After all , even dictatorships experience political struggles . With a free-for-all political scene , pitting the boy-dictator-wannabe , buttressed by his ambitious aunt and often antagonistic uncle , against a grouchy and arrogant military establishment , it could well be that the agreement was scuttled as part of an ongoing battle to settle personal rivalries . The standard of living in North Korea 's upper aristocratic nomenclature may not be much better than that of a Seoul taxi driver , but it 's state power that counts , not just the supposed access to luxury goods . Some will say we have little choice but to wait and watch , and perhaps harvest the intelligence trove that may , so to speak , fall our way . Military solutions are least desirable , but so would be the prospect of a North Korean rocket falling on the soil of an ally , unopposed by an anti-missile system . We must protect our allies from a missile threat . Looking beyond the immediate crisis , we need a strategy that addresses any concerns that America 's allies may have that our nuclear umbrella is not enough . We must continue to work closely with South Korea politically and diplomatically . We failed to do that in the early 2000s , with one consequence being that many South Koreans began regarding the North Koreans as our victims rather than one of the world 's miscreants . We have worked closely with China , but perhaps it is time for that ambitious nation , so preoccupied by its internal affairs of late , to step it up and start attaching some sense of urgency to addressing the problems caused by its support for a country that would not last a week without it . Above all , we need to remain patient and calm with the resolve to understand that we can not walk away from the problem . We need to work with others and strengthen the regional partnerships we have -- and will need -- if the North Korean problem is ever to be solved . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher R. Hill .	North Korea says it plans to launch a rocket carrying a satellite this month Other countries say the move is a cover for a ballistic missile test Hill : U.S. must work closely with its regional partner to resolve the crisis The collapse of an earlier deal hints at internal struggles in N. Korea , Hill says
CNN  -- They are the "  big four " of men 's tennis : Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray . Between them they have won every grand slam title since the start of 2010 , and 30 of the last 31 dating back to 2005 . However , there is a groundswell of opinion that four will become two in 2013 , as No. 1 Djokovic and third-ranked Murray continue their ascendance while their older rivals fall away . "  With Nadal being seriously injured and Federer not getting any younger , I see the top two players being Djokovic and Murray , they have time on their side , " six-time grand slam champion Becker told CNN ahead of the Australian Open . Nadal has not played competitively since last year 's Wimbledon in July , struck down by recurring knee problems . A stomach virus then prevented the Spaniard 's comeback in 2013 's opening grand slam in Melbourne , which starts on Monday . It is the second extended injury layoff of the 26-year-old 's remarkable career . After similar problems in 2009 he returned with a vengeance , claiming five more grand slams for 11 in total , including the French Open title last year for a record seventh time Federer is still going strong in his 32nd year , and during 2012 regained his No. 1 spot in the rankings after winning his record 17th grand slam by claiming the Wimbledon title . Djokovic beat the Swiss maestro in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals in London in November as he went back to the top of the global tree , also beating Murray in their round robin group match . Federer then upset home favorite Murray in the semifinals , and former world No. 4 Greg Rusedski told CNN that his performances during last season had "  defied logic " after appearing to be on the decline in 2011 . Murray , buoyed by his gold medal victory over Federer in the Olympic final and his later U.S. Open success , was expected to beat him again at the O2 Arena , but instead was swept aside in their last four clash . The Scot had been set to again battle with his longtime friend Djokovic , with whom he had a series of classic matches in 2012 . The first came in the semifinals of the Australian Open , beaten in five sets by the Serbian , who then overcame Nadal in another marathon six-hour encounter -- the longest grand slam final in history . It was similar fare at Flushing Meadows in September , where Murray turned the tables for his first triumph in the tennis majors , but having to go the full distance after Djokovic battled back from two sets down in the longest final in the tournament 's history . And there was yet more to come at the Shanghai Masters , where the pair contested another final where the standard of tennis was of the very highest order . Djokovic survived five match points to conjure up another remarkable win , but for Becker it was the signal of a possible changing of the guard . "  It was an absolute classic , " the German legend said . "  It used to be Federer versus Nadal , now it 's Murray versus Djokovic and they are both only 25 years of age . " Murray told CNN that the reason for such close matches is their familiarity with each other 's game . "  We can anticipate what each other is going to do , " he said at the Mubadala World Tennis Championship in Abu Dhabi in late December . The pair have been friends and arch-rivals since entering the junior circuits of the world at 11 years of age and Murray has seen his rival develop to become the best in the world . "  He has very few weaknesses , great ground strokes , serves well , his returns perhaps the best in the world , moves so well and he now has a lot of belief in himself , " Murray said . Even though it was at his expense , Djokovic was pleased for Murray when he finally snapped his grand slam duck at the U.S. Open because "  many people had questioned his qualities . " "  It was great to see that and hopefully our rivalry can develop over the next year , " two-time Mubadala champion Djokovic said of Murray , who shares the same birth month -- May . But others believe it would be dangerous to write off Federer and Nadal just yet . Neil Harman , the tennis correspondent of The Times of London , said he was looking forward to normal service being resumed in 2013 . "  It should never be underestimated what Federer has done for the game , and he shows no sign of going away , " Harman told CNN . "  And I 'm looking forward to Nadal returning at his best . " The rivalry of the big four and their near total dominance of the slams has helped fuel the incredible global interest in tennis despite the economic downturn , with increased prize money , commercial revenues and crowds . Despite Nadal 's absence , record attendances are predicted at the Melbourne Tennis Center over the next fortnight as Djokovic and Murray bid to live up to Becker 's prediction and Federer does his level best to prove him wrong .	Novak Djokovic looking to defend his Australian Open title later this month Andy Murray beat No. 1 Djokovic in the final of the U.S. Open last September Former No. 1 Rafael Nadal will miss opening grand slam through injury Roger Federer goes into his 32nd year as World No. 2 behind Djokovic
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Marine allegedly stabbed another Marine to death after a bar fight early Saturday morning across the street from the Marine Barracks in the nation 's capital , police said . The accused attacker has been arrested . "  Information uncovered during the course of the preliminary investigation indicates that there was a verbal exchange , and during the exchange a homophobic slur was heard from the suspect prior to the stabbing , " Washington 's Metropolitan Police Department said in a statement . The fight began in a bar and spilled into the street , according to Capt. Jack Morton , a spokesman for the Marine Barracks . Two Marine guards on duty outside the Marine Barracks saw the fight and moved in to break it up . They subdued the alleged attacker and helped police take him into custody , Morton said . D.C. police identified the stabbing victim as 23-year-old Philip Bushong . He was transported to a local hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Michael Joseph Poth , 23 , was named as the suspect . Police did not release other details . A Marine official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the victim was based at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina , and that the alleged attacker is stationed at the Marine Barracks . The Marine Barracks , located in southeast Washington D.C. , is the residence of Marines stationed there who serve as guards at the White House and other locations . The commandant of the Marine Corps also lives on its grounds . CNN 's Greg Seaby , Greg Clary and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	The alleged attacker is in custody "  A homophobic slur was heard from the suspect prior to the stabbing , " police say The victim is identified as 23-year-old Philip Bushong
CNN  -- DNA test results reveal that a Michigan man is not a Long Island , New York , boy who went missing 54 years ago , according to the FBI . John Robert Barnes claims a DNA test shows he 's Steven Damman , who vanished in 1955 . John Robert Barnes , of Kalkaska , Michigan , approached police in New York twice in March claiming to be Steven Damman , a toddler who vanished while on a shopping trip with his mother in 1955 . Barnes tracked down Pamela Damman Horne , Steven 's sister , and the two had private tests performed that showed a "  probability " they were siblings , according to Nassau County , New York , detective Lt. Kevin Smith . But samples from Barnes and Horne analyzed by the FBI Laboratory in Quantico , Virginia , determined that they do not share the same mother , the FBI in Detroit said Thursday . Sandra Berchtold , spokeswoman for the FBI Detroit bureau , said the FBI follows strict testing protocols and used mitochondrial DNA to determine Barnes and Horne were not linked to the same mother . Marilyn Damman took her toddler , Steven , and his baby sister , Pamela , to a food market in East Meadow , Long Island , in 1955 . The mother went inside to do some quick shopping , leaving her 2-year-old son and baby girl in the stroller outside . But Damman told authorities that when she returned , her children were gone . A short time later , blocks away , the baby girl was found unharmed and the stroller was intact , but Steven was missing , Smith said . CNN 's Stacey Newman contributed to this report .	John Barnes claimed he was Steven Damman , who went missing 54 years ago FBI tests show Barnes and Steven 's sister , Pamela , have different mothers Steven went missing in East Meadow , Long Island , in 1955
CNN  -- Want to buy that bottle of Johnnie Walker Explorers Club at an airport duty-free shop abroad before your return to the United States ? Maybe you 've never splurged , since you do n't want to place it into your checked baggage , as required for your connecting flight home . Now there 's a way . The Transportation Safety Administration 's 3-1-1 rule has been relaxed just a little bit starting Friday , for people coming to the United States from abroad . Travelers who buy alcohol or other liquids at those duty-free airport shops abroad can bring them into the United States on an international flight and carry them onto a connecting flight . This slight relaxing of the TSA 's 3-1-1 rule affects only some people returning home to the United States from other countries . Before January 31 , a traveler who purchased wine at the Paris airport duty-free shop before flying to New York and on to Omaha , Nebraska , faced a dilemma . Once he cleared U.S. Customs in New York , the TSA required him to pack any liquids into his checked luggage before clearing TSA security to fly to Nebraska . Now , the TSA will permit international travelers to carry liquids in excess of 100 mL in their carry-on baggage , "  provided they were purchased in duty-free shops and placed in secure , tamper-evident bags  STEBs  , " according to the TSA website . The liquids must be screened and cleared by TSA checkpoint security officers , utilizing the same bottled liquid scanner technology that is used to screen medically necessary liquids in quantities greater than 3.4 ounces , according to a TSA official . Just do n't drink your duty-free booze on that flight to celebrate . That 's still not allowed . The safest bet is still to check your liquids . That 's because the agency still reserves the right to not clear your favorite drink or lotion . Liquids in metallic , opaque or ceramic bottles or other containers that can not be scanned properly will not be allowed in carry-on luggage .	The TSA has eased up on the 3-1-1 rule , just a little The change affects only liquids purchased at duty-free airport shops abroad Travelers transferring to a domestic flight can carry on their liquids
CNN  -- Sprinter Shawn Crawford might have been coming to the latter part of his athletics career , but his failure to inform doping regulators as to his "  whereabouts " has landed the Olympic gold medalist with a two-year ban . The American , who sprinted to 200 meter gold at the Athens 2004 Games , has been sanctioned after failing to provide the United States Anti-Doping Agency  USADA  with a location for drug testing three times during the past 18 months . The "  whereabouts " rule requires athletes in advance to tell regulators where they are for one hour every day and make themselves available at that time for a drug 's test . The ban means results recorded or prize money won by Crawford on or after November 17 , 2012 have been scratched . CNN contacted Crawford 's representative to ask if he will appeal the ban , but the agent was not immediately available for comment . "  Shawn Crawford of Culver City , Calif. , an athlete in the sport of track & field , has received a two-year suspension for committing an anti-doping rule violation in which he failed to file his whereabouts information , " read a USADA statement . "  Crawford failed to comply with the whereabouts requirements and , as a result , accrued three whereabouts failures within an 18-month period . "  A whereabouts failure for National Testing Pool athletes includes failure to provide required quarterly whereabouts filings and/or failure to be available for testing due to inaccurate or incomplete information provided by the athlete . "  USADA is responsible for the testing and results management process for athletes in the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Movement , and is equally dedicated to preserving the integrity of sport through research initiatives and educational programs . " As well as gold in Athens , which was clinched with a time of 19.79 seconds , Crawford won a silver medal as part of the U.S. 4 x 100 meter relay team . He was awarded the silver medal in the 200m final at the Beijing Games of 2008 after Churandy Martina was punished for outside of his lane . According to the Associated Press , Crawford later gave his medal to Martina .	U.S. sprinter Shawn Crawford given a two-year ban by U.S. Anti-Doping Agency Crawford punished for failing to give his location for three drugs tests in last 18 months Crawford won 200 meter gold at the 2004 Olympic Games It is unclear whether Crawford will appeal the sanction
CNN  -- Four people , including two children , were killed after a reservoir broke and flooded three villages in western Hungary with toxic red mud , officials said Tuesday . The government has declared a state of emergency in three counties , the State Secretariat of Governmental Communications said . The National Catastrophe Protection Directorate  OKF  said the two children who died were 1 and 3 years old . A 35-year-old man was killed in his car , and a woman was killed in her home , the government said . Rescue workers are looking for seven people who are missing . They have treated at least 116 casualties , including eight people who were seriously injured . Most have been airlifted by helicopter to hospitals in the capital , Budapest . The reservoir burst in the town of Kolontar on Monday afternoon , the government said Tuesday . At least a million cubic meters of red mud have spilled so far , the government said , affecting the villages of Kolontar , Devecser and Somlovasarhely . The toxic sludge -- a waste product from aluminum production -- could potentially endanger two major rivers , the Danube and the Raba , the government said . It has already reached the river Marcal . The Environment and Water Management Center has experts working on preventing the sludge from affecting the Danube and Raba , it said .	NEW : The sludge could potentially reach the Danube river , the government said Red mud is a waste product of aluminum production The reservoir broke Monday , flooding three villages Among the dead are two children
CNN  -- Veronica Noone had been a little overweight since her teens , and , like many people , had spent the better part of her life trying different diets , whatever was popular at the time . Having a child changed that , she says . After she had her baby , she decided to lose the post-baby weight and the extra pounds she 'd been carrying years before that . Dropping about 70 pounds in seven months , Noone 's maintained a healthy weight for almost four years now . Name : Veronica Noone , 33 , an online interactive designer at University of Maryland-Baltimore County who lives in Perry Hall , Maryland . Background : She was a very normal child but her weight struggles began after puberty . She was probably 10 to 20 pounds over the weight she thinks fits well on her 5-foot-9 frame . It struck her hard because in her group of friends , she was one of the chubby ones . She started to yo-yo diet to try to fit in . After college she gained more weight , topping 200 pounds . She became what she calls a "  serial dieter . " When she and her husband decided they wanted to have a child , it was a decision that changed her outlook on life and her self image . How much she lost : On June 30 , 2005 , she weighed 206.8 pounds . She reached her goal weight of 149 on January 19 , 2006 . She eventually got to 135 pounds , but finds 145 to be a more comfortable weight . How she lost it : After her son was born in 2005 , Noone started to eat in a different way . "  I found that when my focus changed from trying to get thin to trying to be healthy and a good example -LSB- for my son -RSB- , all of a sudden the weight started coming off , " she says . Her preoccupation with her body image disappeared and she became more concerned with what were the best food choices she could make for her son . But just as important , she came to another realization . "  I did n't have to be perfect , " she says about her plan to lose weight . Before , she would hammer herself if she broke with the diet and had a doughnut or something else that made her feel like she had failed . "  Every choice I make is an on-plan choice . If I choose to eat a doughnut , that 's fine . I 'm going to eat that doughnut . It does n't mean I 'm off my diet . I 'll account for that in a later meal . Or I 'll have a lighter dinner . " How she 's keeping it off : She 's maintained her weight for about four years . She credits her Twitter account , where she enters what she eats like it 's a food journal . "  It makes me stay conscious of what I am eating , " she says . She did keep up with her Weight Watchers points for two years , but felt a little restricted by tracking them . She always cooks dinner for her family and the leftovers become lunch for the next day . She also says she likes to bring snacks to work like soup , yogurt , apples and pudding cups . iReport : Share your weight loss success story Advice to others : If you just had a baby , do n't put any pressure on yourself to lose the weight , Noone says . Instead , make a decision to eat healthier the moment you get home from the hospital . The goal should be to be conscious of what you eat and to not take the easy way out because you are frazzled or short on time . "  A lot of women do n't think about themselves at that time ; it 's all about the new baby and it needs to be , " she says . "  But if Mom 's not feeling good and taking care of herself , then the child is not going to be happy either . " Noone believes the outside motivation of having a child made it easier for her to lose weight because she was also being healthful for her son . She also incorporated her son into her activities . One of the fun things she liked to do was to dance around the house with her child , getting down to everything from kid 's music to rock 'n' roll to alternative music to hip-hop . "  The little guy , " as she calls him , is going through a Linkin Park phase , she says . She also blogs on a Web site called greenlitebites.com where she shares recipes she and "  the little guy " like to create .	Veronica Noone is an iReporter and weight loss success story She has lost about 70 pounds and kept most of it off for four years She says her newborn son inspired her to make healthy eating choices This strategy , instead of a strict diet , caused the weight loss , she says
CNN  -- "  Let Allah sort it out . " That is Sarah Palin 's succinct argument against U.S. intervention into Syria . And I have to be honest : I 'm impressed with Palin on this one . Not with her horribly callous recommendation , made via Facebook late last week , but because she appears to speak some Arabic . I 'm not saying Palin is fluent in the language , but she did use the Arabic word "  Allah . " She could 've simply used the word "  God " instead of Allah since it has the identical meaning .  Christian Arabs use the word Allah when speaking of God in Arabic . I think deep down she wanted to show off her language skills . Could Palin know even more Arabic ? She did go on to say that both sides fighting in Syria are , "  shouting ` Allah Akbar ' at each other . " She could 've easily translated "  Allah Akbar " into English , noting that the combatants were screaming , "  God is great . " Or as Sen. John McCain remarked Tuesday on Fox News , "  Allah Akbar " is no different than an American Christian saying , "  Thank God . " Opinion : GOP should n't bail out Obama 's floundering foreign policy But Palin went with the Arabic . Why ? Because I think deep down she loves the language . And I bet Palin knows even more Arabic words such as humus , falafel and possibly babaganoush . So , let 's get back to her statement , "  Let Allah sort them out . " Now , there is a possibility that Palin believes that Muslims worship a different God than Christians and Jews . If she does , is she 's actually saying that we should sit back and revel in watching Muslims slaughter each other ? Could that be her barbaric message ? Possibly . But my cynical side tells me that Palin was just trying to use inflammatory language to get attention .  I know what you 're saying : "  No , our Sarah Palin would never do that . " But let 's not forget what Palin said about President Barack Obama 's comments on Libya : "  Obama 's shuck and jive shtick with these Benghazi lies must end . " Palin was roundly criticized for using "  shuck and jive , " which is a term dating back to 1870s and was originally a "  Southern ` Negro ' expression for clowning , lying , pretense . " Palin denied she was being racially insensitive in using that phrase . Was it just an inadvertent slip or a ploy to draw media coverage ? So what 's the genesis of Palin 's statement , "  Let Allah sort it out " ? The big debate : Should U.S. strike Syria ? Well , it appears to be based on the infamous phrase : "  Kill them all , let God sort them out . " This term reportedly comes from the time of the Crusades . You know , those "  holy wars " waged by Christians that Sarah might refer to in her Arabic as a "  jihad . " However , this expression was not coined in a battle between Muslims and Christians . Rather , legend has it that it was uttered by a Catholic monk in the 13th century as Crusaders were about to lay siege to the French city of Beziers , a town filled with Cathars , who were considered heretics to the Catholic Church . When the monk in charge of the assault , Arnaud Amalric , was asked by the military commander how to distinguish between heretics and Christians , the monk responded : "  Kill them all , God will know his own . " Consequently , 20,000 people were slaughtered , including women and children . It 's unclear if Palin comprehends the origins of the phrase she used , but what 's abundantly clear is that she believes that the U.S. should do nothing while people are being slaughtered in Syria . I 'm not sure to what God she prays , but I can assure her that the God of Christians , Jews and Muslims demands more than silence in the face of mass killings -- some 100,000 people , including scores of women and children . Many of us would prefer a political solution that ends this conflict . Opinion : Do n't use Syria to pump up Pentagon spending Former President Jimmy Carter has called for a peace summit to try and end the bloodshed while we await a vote by Congress ' on military action in Syria . Regardless of how we end the violence , silence is not a morally acceptable option . In the future , if Sarah Palin is going to show off her Arabic vocabulary , it 's my hope that she does n't use it to encourage the world to turn a blind eye as innocent people are butchered . Instead , she might use an Arabic word such as "  salaam , " which means "  peace , " and encourages people to support a policy that brings an end to the fighting . After all , peace means the same thing in every language . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Sarah Palin wrote "  Let Allah sort it out , " referring to possible U.S. action He asks who knew she spoke Arabic ? But does she know where that phrase comes from ? He says Catholic monk said it before 13th-century siege that killed 20,000 Obeidallah : She seems to believe slaughter of innocent Syrians should be met with silence
CNN  -- Tragically , another celebrity has died after years of struggling with addiction , personal demons and multiple stints at rehab . Country singer Mindy McCready 's death is in the headlines , but similar tragedies happen every day and you never hear about them . Take the case of Wyatt D. , who went to rehab at least 12 times for treatment of heroin addiction and whose family notified me last summer of his death from drug-related causes . Caroline R. went to rehab five times before medical complications related to severe alcoholism took her life . And Marnie M. died from a cocaine overdose after attending more than one famous rehab where she never received any professional psychological counseling for her troubled past . These are n't their real names , but sadly , they were real people . All these people desperately wanted to overcome their drug and alcohol problems and , like McCready , they sought help . They attended some of the most recognized facilities in the country , only to be offered the same type of treatment over and over and to have it suggested that something was wrong with them when treatment failed . Just this week , Drew Pinsky , who treated McCready on the third season of his show "  Celebrity Rehab , " said in reaction to her death , "  Unfortunately , it seems that Mindy did not sustain her treatment . " TV show hosts offered the typical platitudes : "  Stay in treatment ; treatment is effective ; please get help . " I 'll speculate that something else might have been going on with McCready , as it was for many of the more than 100 people I interviewed who had recently experienced the American addiction treatment system . I visited 15 addiction treatment programs across the country -- from celebrity rehabs to high-end 12-step facilities to outpatient programs that treat indigent people . The stories I heard illustrate what some studies show to be shortcomings of our drug and alcohol treatment system -- that the approaches tend to be one-size-fits-all , even at expensive residential rehabs -- and that patients often receive very little individual counseling . Instead , they participate in some form of group activity for around eight hours a day , not including meals , even though there is no evidence that group treatment is best for addiction recovery . Some outpatient programs provide no one-on-one counseling at all . Many said they were n't comfortable sharing problems with peers and could n't get sober until they found one-on-one treatment . Although about seven out of 10 alcoholics who are encouraged to go to Alcoholics Anonymous during treatment drop out in less than a year , the 12 steps of AA are included in some form in the great majority of addiction programs . Research shows there are other ways to recover and many clients said AA did n't work for them . Still , they were n't told about other options , such as Women for Sobriety or SMART Recovery . Rose T. thought her relapse after her first treatment might have been prevented had she been told about Women for Sobriety . She found the organization on her own and said , "  To sit in a room with others like me makes me feel less alone . " At AA , if addicts relapse , they 're often told they must start over , losing their sober time , which can be a setup for a drug or alcohol binge rather than a fresh start . Many programs are not using approaches that scientific studies find to be effective . For instance , only about two out of 10 programs use one of the FDA-approved medications for treating drinking problems , such as Naltrexone or Antabuse . And some prominent programs that treat opioid addictions , heroin or prescription painkillers such as OxyContin , refuse to send patients home with the very medications that can help keep them sober or "  clean . " Research shows these medications , such as Suboxone and methadone , are the most effective approach for opioid addiction , and that they both lower the death rate and the relapse rate . I have talked with people who had struggled for years and finally found an end to their drug obsession when they received such long-term treatment . A recent report in the journal Substance Use and Misuse that analyzed Dr. Drew 's "  Celebrity Rehab " found that "  although many patients had histories of opioid use , there were no positive messages " about Suboxone or methadone -- in fact , the medications were portrayed as unacceptable treatment options . The authors believe that this further stigmatized methadone and Suboxone use and that many opportunities to provide science-based information were missed . For people to get well , treatment for psychological problems or "  demons " must be integrated into care for addictions , and by qualified professionals . Unfortunately , the standards for gaining the credentials to be addiction counselors , who provide most of the care at treatment programs , are woefully inadequate . According to a 2012 report by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia , 14 states do n't require licensing or certification of all counselors , only six states require a bachelor 's degree and just one requires a master 's degree to gain credentials . We 'll never know if another episode or type of treatment would have saved Mindy McCready , but we do know that , for a significant number of Americans , business-as-usual addiction treatment is n't working . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne Fletcher .	Anne Fletcher : Tragedies similar to Mindy McCready 's addiction and death happen often Fletcher went to 15 rehab programs and found one-size-fits-all addiction treatment She found lack of one-on-one counseling and no integrated mental health treatments Standards for certification of addiction counselors woefully inadequate
CNN  -- Remember earlier this year when Wikipedia went black in protest of anti-piracy legislation moving through the U.S. Congress ? Yeah , well , that may be nothing compared to this . A group called the Internet Defense League , borrowing a page from Batman , is trying to create a "  bat signal " for mobilizing open-Internet activists against similar legislation . The group 's tagline : "  Make sure the Internet never loses . Ever . " Technically , it 's more of a "  cat signal , " since the group 's website , which launched a couple weeks ago , features a picture of a cat 's face being broadcast into the sky . "  It 's a cat signal because we see the cat as the symbol of the Internet , " said Tiffiniy Cheng , co-director of the nonprofit Fight for the Future , which helped organize recent piracy legislation protests and is behind the new site . "  There 's this academic theory ... that talks about if you ban the ability of people to share cat photos , they 'll start protesting en masse . " She added : "  The idea is we 're building the infrastructure to put up this cat signal or this bat signal all over the Internet at a moment 's notice , with the click of a button . " The Internet went haywire in January when Congress was considering two pieces of legislation -- nicknamed SOPA and PIPA -- that aimed to help the government crack down on the online distribution of pirated content . The English-language version of Wikipedia shut down for 24 hours in protest of the proposed legislation , which died after the digitally based protests . Time Warner , the parent company of CNN , supported the legislation , along with several movie and music industry groups . The Internet Defense League says it is targeting two upcoming pieces of legislation , ACTA and CISPA , which take different approaches to regulating pirated content . The group also will seek promises from U.S. presidential candidates on the subject of Internet openness and legislation , according to Cheng . "  For the past 10 years at least , tech policy has not been based on what 's good for the public interest , " she said . The group says it has the support of some big names on the Web , including WordPress , craigslist founder Craig Newmark , Reddit , the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Cheezburger Network , which owns several humor blogs . Cheng declined to comment on whether larger commercial websites like Google and Facebook would consider supporting the effort . Pundits have wondered whether this is the dawn of a new era for Internet activism , especially from tech and Web companies that , in the past , have been less political . "  This is the first real test of the political strength of the Web , and regardless of how things go , they are no longer a pushover , " Tim Wu , from Columbia Law School , told the New York Times during the Web protests in January . "  The Web taking a stand against one of the most powerful lobbyers and seeming to get somewhere is definitely a first . " The Internet Defense League aims to expand on that energy , alerting supporters to new threats to "  Internet freedom " when they arise . A co-founder of the group , Reddit 's Alexis Ohanian , explained the idea to Forbes this way : "  You can only cry ` Oh my gosh , they 're going to shut down the Internet ' so often . We 've scared  Congress  from doing anything as egregious as SOPA and PIPA again . But the new challenge is this endless series of smaller bills that try to unravel Internet rights . " On its site , the group pitches its battle against anti-Internet legislation as a sort of duel between all-knowing geeks and uneducated or "  confused " public officials : "  Internet freedom and individual power are changing the course of history . But entrenched institutions and monopolies want this to stop . Elected leaders often do n't understand the Internet , so they 're easily confused or corrupted . " It adds : "  With the combined reach of our websites and social networks , we can be massively more effective than any one organization . " The Internet Defense League site lets people donate money to the cause and , perhaps more powerfully , rally people for or against certain pieces of legislation . When there 's an Internet "  emergency , " the group says it will send out snippets of code that will help websites participate in the protests . Cheng said participating companies or bloggers can choose to have messages displayed on their sites automatically or to field the messages on a case-by-case basis . By creating the code for Web developers to use , Cheng said it become much faster to mobilize people online . That 's what made the anti-SOPA Web blackouts so effective , she said . "  The tool was easy to use . It was a low bar to being used , " she said . "  That was a turning point because the form of protest was very stark and clear and was an example of what Internet censorship could look like . "  And these tools allowed us to reach millions of people very quickly . "	Internet Defense League aims to mobilize Web activists The group says it is a "  bat signal " for the Internet Web companies helped defeat anti-piracy legislation earlier this year A group called Fight for the Future is behind the campaign
CNN  A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "  by any means necessary , " federal prosecutors said Monday . The group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested Sunday . "  What 's remarkable about this case was that nothing stopped these defendants from plotting their goal , " said U.S. Attorney Andrew M. Luger of the District of Minnesota . "  They were not confused young men . They were not easily influenced . These are focused men who are intent on joining a terrorist organization by any means possible . " Recruiting for the ISIS terrorist network is a particular problem in Minnesota 's community of Somali immigrants . "  People often ask who is doing the recruiting and when will we catch the person responsible , " Luger said . "  But it is not that simple . In today 's case , the answer is that this group of friends is recruiting each other . They 're engaged in what we describe as peer-to-peer recruiting . " Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman , 19 ; Adnan Farah , 19 ; Hanad Mustafe Musse , 19 ; and Guled Ali Omar , 20 , were arrested in Minneapolis . Abdirahman Yasin Daud , 21 , and Mohamed Abdihamid Farah , 21 , were arrested in San Diego after driving there in hopes of crossing into Mexico , Luger said . They plotted for 10 months , Luger said . "  Even when their co-conspirators were caught and charged , they continued to seek new and creative ways to leave Minnesota to fight for a terror group . " Another friend , who was part of the group , changed his mind and became a cooperating witness for the FBI , even tape recording some meetings , Luger said . The FBI investigation has previously netted Abdullahi Yusuf , who has pleaded guilty to conspiring to provide material support to ISIS , and Hamza Ahmed , who has been indicted on charges of conspiring and attempting to provide material support to ISIS and is now pending trial , according to the criminal complaint . The complaint describes a man , identified only as "  Nur , " who has spent time in Syria and allegedly helped the six accused men . Four of the men who were arrested appeared in federal court on Monday but did not enter a plea . The judge ordered they all be held without bail , and a detention hearing was scheduled for Wednesday . CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Six young Minnesotans conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "  by any means necessary , " prosecutors say The men , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested Sunday They plotted for 10 months , the U.S. attorney for the District of Minnesota says
Police killed a suspected militant leader in a shootout in Russia 's restive republic of Dagestan , state media said Tuesday , amid increasing security concerns ahead of the Winter Olympics in Sochi . It 's also emerged that Russian authorities are hunting two more ` black widow ' suspects -- a notorious type of terrorist that 's emerged in Russia 's clashes with Chechen separatists . The latest incidents have fueled debate over security at Sochi , despite assurances from Russian President Vladimir Putin that Russia will do its utmost to keep the Games secure . There have been years of unrest linked to an Islamist insurgency in Dagestan and the North Caucasus region , and Islamist militants have vowed to strike at the Games . Russian terrorism officials named the suspected militant killed Tuesday in Dagestan as Eldar Magato , state news agency RIA Novosti reported . Earlier , the news agency said Russian special forces were engaged in two operations in Dagestan , which lies about a 12-hour drive from Sochi on the other side of the Caucasus Mountains . Security forces killed three more suspected militants in Dagestan on Monday , it reported . ` Black widows ' Meanwhile , a flier handed out by security forces to hotels in Rostov-on-Don , southeast Russia , names three women it says could carry out a suicide attack planned by militant groups between January 21 and 24 , during the Olympic Torch Relay . One of the three , Zaira Nizamudinovna Alieva , was killed in a gun battle over the weekend in Dagestan in which seven militants reportedly died . She had been trained to be a suicide bomber , RIA Novosti cited terrorism officials as saying . The other two are named as Djannet Kurbanismailovna Tcakhaeva and Oksana Albertovna Aslanova . The pictures on the flier show two of the three women in Islamic headgear . But its text warns that the women may not be dressed that way . "  Suspected terrorists may use regularly clothing without any Islamic elements , e.g. no long dresses , no hijab , which makes it easier to blend into a crowd , and makes it easier to get access to large gatherings without being noticed , " it says . Sochi suspect Police have also handed out fliers at Sochi area hotels warning of a woman they believe could be a terrorist and who now may be in the Black Sea resort town . One flier seen by CNN asks workers to be on the lookout for Ruzanna "  Salima " Ibragimova , described as the widow of a member of a militant group from the Caucasus region . The woman , according to the flier , may be involved in organizing "  a terrorist act within the 2014 Olympic region . " CNN obtained a copy of the flier , which is dated January 15 , from security staff at a hotel in Sochi . The flier says authorities have received information about Ibragimova 's possible arrival in the region last week . Photos of Ibragimova have flooded television and social media reports from Sochi , and some describe her as a "  black widow . " Many of them are widows of insurgents killed by government forces , and they 've been blamed for high-profile suicide bombings . Security experts stressed Monday that Ibragimova was probably one of many suspects that authorities are trying to find . "  I guarantee , they 're talking about this one black widow , " former CIA officer Mike Baker said , "  but there are others that they 're also worried about . " In a video that surfaced Sunday , two young men believed to have been suicide bombers in last month 's back-to-back bombings in the Russian city of Volgograd made an ominous promise . "  We 've prepared a present for you and all tourists who 'll come over , " the video says . "  If you will hold the Olympics , you 'll get a present from us for the Muslim blood that 's been spilled . " The U.S. military has contingency plans in place for an evacuation of U.S. citizens in case of a major incident in Sochi .	Militant leader killed in police shootout in Dagestan , state media reports A flier gives details of two more "  black widow " suspects sought by authorities A third woman on the flier was killed in a weekend gun battle in Dagestan Islamist militants have threatened to strike at the Olympic Games next month in Sochi
SACRAMENTO , California  CNN  -- For more than two years , undercover cops on the Sacramento Police Department 's vice squad have been working one of the most draining beats : trying to crack down on online child prostitution . Sacramento police have nabbed nearly 70 underage girls for child prostitution since 2005 . Police have nabbed nearly 70 girls under the age of 18 since 2005 . Most of the girls were released to foster or group homes . Those are just the official figures ; investigators think there are many more child prostitutes out there . It is no easy task . "  We 're asking these girls to do a big thing ... which is to stop what they 're doing , " said Sgt. Pam Seyffert of the Sacramento Police Department . "  Stop what 's working for them . Surviving is basically what they 're doing . " Sacramento police are working with the FBI as part of a nationwide campaign to combat underage prostitution called Innocence Lost . The goal of the program , which is now in almost 30 U.S. cities , is to decriminalize the girls and concentrate on catching the pimps who control them . "  It really makes me angry , " Seyffert said . "  I think everybody on the team has different reactions to it , but I just flat out get really angry that some guy thinks he can take this girl and basically deprive her of her freedom . " It is not uncommon for the officers on the unit to put in 30-hour shifts . Oftentimes , their work is heart-wrenching . Watch how investigators work to catch pimps " Child prostitution is even tougher on the parents of these girls . Roslyn and Sergio 's daughter had been missing for more than two weeks . They waited for hours at police headquarters in hopes that their daughter would be found . Vice squad officers found her in a downtown apartment with Bruce William Carter , a 21-year-old man who police said had posed on the Internet holding fistfuls of cash . He pleaded not guilty to charges of statutory rape and was held in lieu of $ 35,000 bail . The couple 's daughter , who had just turned 17 , was detained but not arrested . "  It hurt , " said Roslyn , who appeared weary and a bit shell-shocked . "  Because you do n't want to see your children involved in things like this . You do n't realize how dangerous the Internet is . Now , we got to keep her away from the Internet . " Police say most of the ads appear on Craigslist , the popular and free Internet classifieds site , under a category named "  Erotic Services . " Even though Craigslist has posted a bold disclaimer warning against human trafficking and the exploitation of children , law enforcement officials said it does n't seem to deter girls from posting the ads or men who are searching for sex . But why would a girl sell her body online ? To help answer that question , Sacramento police made arrangements for CNN to interview a 14-year-old girl who said she 'd started selling herself as a prostitute at the age of 11 . "  I wanted to feel loved . ... I wanted to feel important , " said the teen , who did not want to be identified . She said she used Craigslist because it was free and she could post dozens of ads a day . Even though she understood the seriousness of what she was doing , she said she did n't care . "  You could put stuff in your ad like ` wet and wild , ' ` fun and sassy , ' things like that to catch their attention , to make them want you , " she said . Craigslist executives said they abhor the fact that their site is being used for child prostitution but believe that the problem could be harder to track if they removed the category . "  It would be a bigger problem if we removed that category and had those ads spread throughout the site , " said Jim Buckmaster , chief executive officer of Craigslist . Both legal experts and police say Craigslist bears no legal responsibility . Undercover officers said the fact that the listings can be traced helps them pinpoint the girls and sometimes leads them to pimps . For her part , Roslyn has a strong message for the man arrested in connection with her daughter 's detention . "  I want him to stay away from my daughter , " she said . "  I 'm going to put a restraining order on him . Every time he goes near my daughter , I 'm going to call the police and have him put in jail . " Even though they have more work than they can handle , vice officers hold out hope that they can save more girls from a life of prostitution .	Underage girls are selling sex in free Internet classifieds , police say Sacramento police have nabbed nearly 70 underage girls since 2005 "  I wanted to feel loved ... important , " says girl who began posting ads at age 11 Craigslist posts disclaimers warning against child exploitation , human trafficking
CNN  -- "  The moment I got into the modeling industry , I knew I had to be an entrepreneur , " says former supermodel Iman . One of the most recognized models of the 1970s and '80s , Iman has used her entrepreneurial skills to great effect in the fashion industry , with her own cosmetics business and in her charitable fund-raising work . Married to rock star David Bowie and now residing in New York , Iman was born in Somalia in 1955 . Her father was an ambassador , but her comfortable upbringing was disrupted in 1969 with the assassination of Somalia 's president , forcing her and her family to flee to Kenya . "  We left Somalia with nothing but the clothes on our back . Not even photographs , nothing . So it 's a total loss of everything and a total loss of your own self , your own country , your own place in terms of your people . If you 're lucky you 're in a country that will give you a second chance , " she told CNN . She was lucky and her adopted home of Kenya provided her with a scholarship at Nairobi University , and it was also in the Kenyan capital that she was discovered as a model . Stopped on a Nairobi street by fashion photographer Peter Beard , she was soon signed by a top model agency and moved to New York in 1975 . With her exotic looks she caused a stir in the fashion world , helped in part by a fanciful story about her background spread by Beard . "  They wanted to believe because it 's kind of like ` My Fair Lady ' . Everything about that article was fabricated ... I was discovered herding goats and discovered in the jungle ; I 've never seen the jungle in my life . I was a city girl , " she said . Iman admits she was complicit in the fabrication , suggesting an early realization that the fashion industry was built around control and manipulation . "  I had to be very clever about not over exposing myself , not under exposing myself . I had to make sure that I knew my worth that I would not settle if they gave me less . I knew how to walk away . It 's very key . " After facing numerous challenges being a black model , she launched Iman Cosmetics in 1994 , designed for models no matter the color of their skin . A hugely successful catwalk career as a model ended in 1989 , but she faced up to the transitory nature of her career and gained a greater sense of self long before that when she was injured in a car accident in 1983 . "  Where everything was about what you do and about how you look , it changed to more security about me . It was not about ` how will I look ten years from now ? ' It all became about what kind of person would I be ten years from now . "  Because of it I became very comfortable in my own skin . In a weird way I did n't think about outward looks anymore , " she said .	Former supermodel Iman now has own multi-million dollar cosmetics business Discovered by photographer Peter Beard in Kenya ; married to David Bowie Organizes fund-raising events for charities including , Keep A Child Alive "  Iman : The moment I got into the modeling industry , I knew I had to be an entrepreneur "
Australia has long prided itself on its commitment to fairness . It is a signatory to a range of international conventions intended to protect the vulnerable and has in the past provided sanctuary for those seeking refuge , most notably in the wake of the Vietnam War . In recent years , however , successive Australian governments have adopted increasingly punitive measures to deter asylum seekers from coming to Australia by boat . This is despite Australia hosting relatively low numbers of refugees . Now the Australian government has adopted a military response to the arrival of boats : its Operation Sovereign Borders is led by a three-star general and implemented by Australian Navy and Customs personnel . Boats attempting to bring asylum seekers to Australian territory are intercepted and either towed or escorted back to Indonesian waters . If an intercepted boat is unseaworthy , Australia may transfer asylum seekers to lifeboats , with limited provisions , and release them close to Indonesian waters . They then have no choice but to return to Indonesia . In implementing this extraordinary policy , Australia has entered Indonesian waters on a number of occasions , sparking protest from Indonesia over incursions into its sovereign territory . Perhaps the most disturbing aspect of Australia 's policy is its failure to identify and protect refugees among the asylum seekers it intercepts at sea , despite its obligation under the Refugee Convention to protect refugees from being returned to persecution . As Indonesia is not a party to the Refugee Convention , Australia has no assurance that refugees returned to Indonesia will not be deported to their home countries where they face harm . Offshore processing A further troubling aspect of the policy is the refusal to process the claims of those arriving by boat in Australia . Asylum seekers are transferred to the Pacific island nations of Nauru and PNG 's Manus Island for detention and processing within 48 hours of arriving in Australian territory . The detention centers on Nauru and Manus Island are grossly overcrowded , lack adequate health services , are prone to outbreaks of disease and have inadequate water and sanitation . Asylum seekers have engaged in self-harm and attempted suicide . The centers have been criticized by Amnesty International and the UNHCR for not meeting required protection standards . In fact , the Australian Minister for Immigration and Border Control has conceded that Australia is unable to guarantee the safety of every asylum seeker in the PNG detention facility . The stark reality is that a young Iranian asylum seeker , Reza Berati , was murdered on Manus Island in February 2014 . Asylum seekers have reported living in constant fear in detention and staying awake in shifts to watch over each other ; and many asylum seekers have suffered serious injuries there . The situation in the Nauru detention center is equally grave . Asylum seekers burnt down a significant portion of the detention facility in July 2013 , there have been allegations of sexual assault and the UNHCR has highlighted the gross inadequacies of the detention centre , particularly for children . Who 's responsible ? Disingenuously , Australia has attempted to argue that it only plays a support role in the facilities and has no responsibility for asylum seekers in these detention centers because Nauru and PNG are sovereign nations . However , Australia has clear power and effective control in the facilities . It is responsible for selecting and transferring asylum seekers to the centers and for their day-to-day operation . Australia is also solely responsible for the high financial costs of running these detention centers . It pays for the operation and service provision at the centers , pays a visa fee in Nauru for every asylum seeker detained or resettled there and is paying the legal costs PNG is incurring to fight the Constitutional challenge to the Manus Island detention center . Australia 's clear power and effective control in the centers means that it has certain responsibilities under international law to the detained asylum seekers . By failing to determine the suitability of detention for each individual detainee and exposing asylum seekers to unacceptable conditions , Australia is arbitrarily detaining asylum seekers and subjecting them to "  cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment and punishment , " according to Amnesty International . Such treatment violates its obligations under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights . Further , the current indefinite detention of children in Nauru places Australia in violation of its obligations under the Convention on the Rights of the Child and Operation Sovereign Borders targets asylum seekers who come to Australia by boat , in violation of Australia 's obligation under the Refugee Convention to refrain from punishing refugees for their mode of arrival in a country . Resettlement plans Australia has vowed not to resettle any of the refugees it sends to Nauru and PNG . Nauru has agreed to issue five-year visas to refugees processed in Nauru and PNG has also indicated a willingness to resettle refugees processed in that country . In addition , Australia has reached in-principle agreement with Cambodia to resettle some of the refugees processed in Nauru . Relying on impoverished nations , which may not be in a position to protect the rights or safety of refugees , is deeply concerning . The Australian government 's unwillingness to resettle refugees in Australia is another reminder of the deliberate harshness of its asylum policies . These extreme measures are intended to make asylum in Australia an unattractive option for the vulnerable people who may wish to seek protection . They repudiate the country 's reputation for fairness and commitment to human rights .	Australia has adopted increasingly punitive measures to deter asylum seekers Azadeh Dastyari says the measures "  repudiate the country 's reputation for fairness " Last year government introduced offshore processing , opened new detention centers Amnesty has called the treatment of asylum seekers "  cruel , inhuman and degrading "
CNN  -- The Florida A&M University marching band will remain on suspension through the 2012-2013 academic year while the school works to set new rules following the fatal hazing of a band member , university President James Ammons said in a conference call Monday with trustees . "  I was heavily influenced by the need to be respectful to Robert Champion 's family as well as the other victims , " Ammons said . "  A young man lost his life , and others suffered serious injuries . " Authorities say Champion , 26 , was badly beaten during a hazing incident on a band bus after a football game in Orlando last November . He died within an hour of the attack . Other hazing incidents that resulted in injuries to band members also have been reported . Ammons said the band must be restructured , and the "  limited time frame " between now and autumn is not enough time to accomplish that . While the band will not perform until 2013 at the earliest , school officials will present their plan for reinstating the band at the June meeting of trustees , he said . Champion 's father , Robert Champion Sr. , said , "  Any step forward to end hazing will help . " Trustees who spoke on the conference call supported Ammons ' decision . "  We need to ensure that excellence and respect is achieved not through brutality , but through honorable academic , talent-based achievement and leadership , " trustee Belinda Reed Shannon said . Trustee Kelvin Lawson called the announcement "  absolutely the right decision at the right time . " The decision to continue the band 's indefinite suspension comes the week after director Julian White , who had been with the prestigious band for 40 years , stepped down under pressure . He was placed on paid administrative leave shortly after the hazing death of Champion , a FAMU Marching 100 drum major . As recently as last week , White , 71 , had asked for full reinstatement as director . His attorney , Chuck Hobbs , said last week that White had tried to root out hazing for the past 22 years . White 's resignation last week came days after Ammons told the trustees in a letter that about 100 band members were not enrolled at the school during the fall , CNN affiliate WCTV reported . Of the ineligible band members , 51 of them and one cheerleader made the fateful trip to Orlando . All received a daily allowance for expenses . "  We are looking into per diems claimed by individuals as part of the band trips , " Gretl Plessinger of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement told WCTV . The ritual that led to Champion 's death , called "  Crossing Bus C , " is an initiation process in which pledges attempt to move down the center aisle of a bus while senior members assault them , according to some university band members . An autopsy found "  extensive contusions of  Champion 's  chest , arms , shoulder and back , " and "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat . " Thirteen people have been charged in connection with Champion 's death . Eleven are facing felony hazing charges , and two others are charged with misdemeanor hazing . On Monday , one of the students charged in Champion 's death has agreed to accept a plea deal in connection with the hazing of another student , according to his lawyer . Student Aaron Golson will enter a plea Thursday on a misdemeanor battery charge in the hazing of student Bria Hunter , Golson 's atorney , Craig J. Brown said . The charges are separate from the felony hazing accusations Golson faces in Champion 's death , Brown said . His client will fight those charges , he said . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement also is investigating "  financial irregularities " involving the band . Champion 's death prompted the university board of trustees to approve an anti-hazing plan that includes an independent panel of experts to investigate . The death brought renewed public scrutiny to hazing , which some students have contended has gone on for years despite what the Tallahassee university said were efforts to stop it . The band has been under suspension following the incident and the resulting investigations . Champion 's mother , Pam , has called for it to be disbanded . "  They need to clean out the filth to move forward . How can they allow the band out there ? " she said last week . "  They have n't done anything to safeguard students -- certainly not my son . My son was murdered . " In the letter last week to trustees , Ammons said he wanted to hear the opinions of student leaders , alumni , boosters and other groups about what they thought needed to happen before the marching band could be reinstated . "  A common theme among all of the groups is that a new set of guidelines should be in place before reinstating the band , " Ammons said . Before the announcement of the decision , University System Chancellor Frank Brogan had argued against reinstatement , saying too many questions remain . "  Reinstating the band prior to these issues being resolved would sidestep efforts under way , which could impact the band 's long-term survival , " Brogan said in his response to Ammons ' letter . "  Reconciling these and other issues under investigation will ensure that the institution 's operational priorities and controls are in place . " The school is working on a plan to provide entertainment during home football games , as well as at two "  classics " events at which the Marching 100 has been a fixture , Ammons said . Despite its name , the band has about 420 members , according to the school . It was not immediately clear what impact the decision would have on band members attending the school on a band scholarship . Ammons noted that band scholarships require students to perform publicly in addition to classwork , and all bands featuring Marching 100 members have been suspended . But he said other bands and ensembles that do not have marching band members on their rosters will be allowed to continue to perform . Throughout the school 's history , the Marching 100 , which incorporates dance moves into traditional marching formations , has been a source of pride for the school . It has played in inaugural parades for Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and in several Super Bowls . In 1985 , the band won The Louis Sudler Intercollegiate Marching Band Trophy , awarded annually by the John Philip Sousa Foundation to "  collegiate marching bands of particular excellence . " The band 's website bills the Marching 100 as "  The Most Imitated Marching Band in America . "	NEW : Band member to accept plea deal in another hazing case , lawyer says The suspension will remain in effect for the 2012-2013 academic year FAMU drum major Robert Champion died after a November hazing incident Thirteen people have been charged in his death
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration will scrap the controversial missile defense shield program in Eastern Europe , a senior administration official confirmed to CNN Thursday . The U.S. has been testing the ability of ground-based interceptor missiles to hit long-range ballistic missiles . The comment followed similar statements from officials in Poland and the Czech Republic -- where key elements of the system were to be located -- but was the first confirmation from an American official . Vice President Joe Biden earlier refused to confirm to CNN that the George W. Bush-era plan was being shelved . But he did explain the logic of doing so , saying Iran -- a key concern for the United States -- was not a threat . "  I think we are fully capable and secure dealing with any present or future potential Iranian threat , " he told CNN 's Chris Lawrence in Baghdad , where he is on a brief trip . "  The whole purpose of this exercise we are undertaking is to diminish the prospect of the Iranians destabilizing that region in the world . I am less concerned -- much less concerned -- about the Iranian potential . They have no potential at this moment , they have no capacity to launch a missile at the United States of America , " he said . Biden said he is "  deeply " involved in the review of the missile defense program . See how the system would work " | See a map of the proposed sites " The Bush administration had cited the perceived nuclear threat from Iran as one of the key reasons it wanted to install the missile shield in eastern Europe . The U.S. reversal is likely to please Russia , which had fiercely opposed the plans . Is the U.S. right to scrap plans for a missile defense shield in Europe ? Sound Off below A U.S. delegation held high-level meetings Thursday in both Poland and the Czech Republic to discuss the missile defense system . While the outcome of the meetings was n't clear , officials in both countries confirmed the system would be scrapped . Czech Prime minister Jan Fischer said in a statement that U.S. President Barack Obama told him in a Wednesday phone call that the United States was shelving its plans . Fischer did not say what reason Obama gave him for reconsidering . A spokeswoman at the Polish Ministry of Defense also said the program had been suspended . "  This is catastrophic for Poland , " said the spokeswoman , who declined to be named in line with ministry policy . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Gen. James E. Cartwright , who is vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , are scheduled to hold a news conference Thursday morning . The Defense Department has not announced what will be discussed , but Cartwright is the point man for the missile defense shield program . Poland and the Czech Republic had based much of their future security policy on getting the missile defenses from the United States . The countries share deep concerns of a future military threat from the east -- namely , Russia -- and may now look for other defense assurances from their NATO allies . "  At the NATO summit in April , we adopted a resolution focusing on building a defense system against real , existing threats , i.e. short-range and medium-range missiles , " Fischer said . "  We expect that the United States will continue cooperating with the Czech Republic on concluding the relevant agreements on our mutual  research and development  and military collaboration , including the financing of specific projects . " By contrast , Russia may view the move as a diplomatic victory after complaining about the program consistently for years . There was no comment Thursday morning from Russian officials . But the issue has been a sore point in relations between Washington and Moscow , with Russia believing the shield would ultimately erode its own strategic nuclear deterrent . With the program scrapped , it opens the way for Russia to join with the United States in taking a harder line on Iran , CNN Correspondent Matthew Chance reported from Moscow . The United States proposed the plans under then-President George W. Bush , but since taking over this year , the Obama administration has been reviewing whether to move ahead with them . The missile shield issue came up in July during a meeting between Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow . Obama maintained that Russia had nothing to fear from such a system , which would be designed to intercept a solitary missile from Iran or North Korea , as opposed to "  a mighty Russian arsenal . " CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux in Washington and Per Nyberg in London , England , contributed to this report .	Senior U.S. administration official confirms U.S. has scrapped missile plan Key elements were to have been located in Poland , Czech Republic Decision likely to appease Russia which had fiercely opposed the plans Plan proposed by Bush adminstration , has been under review by Obama
Washington  CNN  -- It should come to no surprise that Jim Messina , one of the masterminds behind President Obama 's successful presidential campaigns , is ready for Hillary Clinton in 2016 , but he also has a few Republicans he hopes will throw their hats in the ring . In an interview with Ozy 's CEO Carlos Watson , Messina jokes that he 's "  really rooting hard " for Tea Party favorite Sarah Palin , before pledging his support behind Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz . The full interview will publish on Ozy.com on Wednesday . As the co-chairman of Priorities USA Action , a super PAC already anticipating Hillary Clinton 's run , Messina said a Clinton and Cruz race would be a "  wonderful gift " for him . Get ready : 2016 starts now When asked about Rand Paul 's chances of securing the Republican nomination , Messina thought it was a far cry from reality . "  I think if you look at his statements and you look at his record he would be the most right wing candidate that any major party has nominated ... He is that far off the spectrum , " he said . "  I think his chances of winning swing votes in battleground states are my chances of being the starting quarterback of the Denver Broncos . " GOP 2016 hopefuls weigh in on midterm results Messina thinks the Republican tide that overtook the Senate last week is n't a paved path for them to get to the White House in two years . Obama 's former chief of staff thinks the party will destroy its own chances of winning in 2016 . "  They are having a fight for the soul of their party , which I think is going to be devastating to them , " he said . "  If you look at the battleground states , more states are coming on the map for us . States that were n't competitive like Virginia , like North Carolina , Arizona 's going to come in ' 16 . I think -LSB- Clinton 's -RSB- a good candidate in some of these places and can make Georgia competitive . " 2014 : Did Hillary Clinton get her grove back despite Democrats ' loss Georgia has stayed a deep red state for decades , but Messina thinks Clinton has a chance if she manages to get white women , Latinos , and African Americans to the polls . More spending in the state can also play a decisive role . "  Barack Obama did n't spend a single dollar in Georgia either time and got 45 and 46 percent . And if you just look at the demographics -- I 'm a math geek , right , I love data -- and data says that Georgia is going to make the same move that North Carolina made . "	Jim Messina said Republicans do n't appear to have a clear front-runner like Democrats Messina joked that Ted Cruz running would be a "  gift " to Clinton 's campaign He does not think GOP will do well as early as the primaries and blames intra-party fighting The full interview with Ozy.com will publish Wednesday
CNN  -- Actor Anthony Mackie was arrested early Saturday for drunken driving in New York City , police said . The arrest happened at 1:22 a.m. in Harlem , Detective Brian Sessa told CNN . Mackie 's camp did not immediately return a call later that day seeking comment . The celebrated actor in theater and television has starred in numerous films such as "  The Hurt Locker , " which won the best picture Academy Award in 2010 .	Actor Anthony Mackie is arrested in New York City , police say Mackie was in the award-winning "  The Hurt Locker "
Billboard  Fresh off his scorching performance at Coachella Saturday night  and days before his next one on the festival 's second weekend  , rocker Jack White announced he 'll take a hiatus from touring . White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "  Lazeretto " with a brief , first-ever acoustic tour that will hit "  the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play , " according to White 's website . Rounding out the acoustic quartet on tour will be Fats Kaplin , Lillie Mae Rische and Dominic Davis . The shows will be unannounced until day-of-show , with tickets priced at $ 3 and limited to one ticket per person , to be purchased only at the venue on a first-come , first-served basis . Billboard : Jack White on Not Being a ` Sound-Bite Artist , ' Living in the Wrong Era and Why Vinyl Records Are ` Hypnotic ' The purposely vague announcement surely has fans  and journalists  scouring the Internet for White 's touring history . Unclear is whether White includes his work with The White Stripes , The Raconteurs and Dead Weather in his touring history , or just his solo road work . Presumably , he 's including all of his touring , with all bands , as Billboard could find only 29 states in which he has performed as Jack White . Tour dates with White Stripes add another 12 states . That leaves nine states for which we could not find a show for White : Hawaii  where a show is scheduled for tomorrow , April 15  , Arkansas , Idaho , Utah , Wyoming , Vermont , Iowa , and North and South Dakota . Billboard : Jack White Plays The Hits , Declares ` Music Is Sacred ' at Coachella Through the process of elimination  surely he has played Boise , Little Rock , and Salt Lake ?  , our guess as to which five "  states " White will play on the brief acoustic run : South and North Dakota , Wyoming , Vermont and ... Puerto Rico ? If that 's the case , this tour is in for some long jumps , with Puerto Rico to Vermont being a potential beast .  Though shipping acoustic instruments and ribbon mics will be a lot less taxing than a full electrified stage setup .  2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	Jack White taking a hiatus from touring after brief acoustic jaunt He 'll play five states he has yet to get to , charge just $ 3 Places and times of shows are currently a mystery
A jury in Georgia convicted a former peanut company owner Friday of conspiracy , fraud and other federal charges in a groundbreaking case stemming from a deadly salmonella outbreak almost six years ago . The guilty verdict marks the first federal felony conviction for a company executive in a food safety case . Prosecutor Michael Moore said he hopes the trial will send a strong message to the food industry that its officials are now on notice that they 'll be held accountable for foodborne illnesses . The jury 's verdict came after a seven-week trial for Stewart Parnell and his brother and food broker , Michael Parnell , both charged with 76 federal counts linked to intentionally shipping out salmonella-laced peanut products . Michael Parnell was also found guilty on multiple counts . A third defendant , former plant quality control manager Mary Wilkerson , was convicted on one count of obstruction of justice . The Parnell brothers , Moore said , "  could easily spend the rest of their lives in prison . " Both men were taken into custody pending sentencing . Bond was set at $ 150,000 for Stewart Parnell and $ 100,000 for his brother , Moore said . A sentencing date has not been set . Stewart Parnell 's lawyer , Thomas Bondurant , said he will appeal the verdict . "  We think it was the wrong decision and we will continue to fight on behalf of Stewart Parnell , " he said . Jeff Almer , whose mother , Shirley Almer , died after she ate peanut butter that came from Parnell 's processing plant , Peanut Corp. of America , said he felt relief as the clerk began to read the verdict . He had prepared to hear the worst -- that the Parnells would be acquitted . Instead , he heard the word "  guilty " over and over again . "  It was validation , " said Almer , who traveled from Minnesota to Georgia for the trial . "  It was emotional . " After about the 14th "  guilty , " the words began to fade and Almer thought of his mother , who died four days before Christmas in 2008 . "  I do n't think these people are devils , " he said , "  but they let greed take over their morals . " Food safety lawyers also applauded the jury 's decision . "  If anybody deserved it , he did , " Minnesota-based trial lawyer Fred Pritzker said of Stewart Parnell . "  I am not at all surprised he was found guilty given the evidence against him , " said Pritzker , who represented some of the victims of the outbreak . Federal prosecutors presented more than 1,000 documents and called 45 witnesses to the stand to make their case that Parnell , his brother and Wilkerson cut corners on safety in order to make a bigger profit for Peanut Corp. . They were accused of covering up lab results that tested positive for salmonella in their peanut products . The prosecution 's blistering opening statement contained three now-infamous words Stewart Parnell penned in a March 2007 email to a plant manager about tainted products : "  Just ship it . " Defense statements and witnesses , which took all of 104 minutes , portrayed Parnell as a small business owner who was scapegoated by the government . At one point , the jury was shown a photograph of peanut butter made at Peanut Corp. sitting on Parnell 's dining table at home . Defense attorneys said Parnell would not have had the peanut butter in his own home had he known it to be compromised . The trial opened August 1 in Albany , Georgia , less than an hour 's drive from the Peanut Corp. plant in the small town of Blakely , raided and shuttered in 2009 by federal food inspectors . The 2008-2009 salmonella outbreak killed nine people , sickened at least 714 others nationwide and resulted in a huge food recall that cast a pall over one of America 's favorite foods : peanut butter . Food safety advocates said the trial was groundbreaking because it 's so rare corporate executives are held accountable in court for bacteria in food . Never before had a jury heard a criminal case in which a corporate chief faced federal felony charges for knowingly shipping out food containing salmonella . Pritzker praised public health officials whose sleuth work eventually traced the outbreak 's origins back to the Peanut Corp. plant in Blakely . "  I do n't view  Parnell 's  conduct as any different than poisoning people or drunk driving , " Pritzker said . "  My strong suspicion is that this happens much more often than is known . " However , Parnell and his co-defendants were not on trial for poisoning people or causing any deaths stemming from the outbreak , and prosecutors did not mention the deaths to the jury . Bill Marler , a Seattle food safety lawyer who also represented several victims of the outbreak , said the government would have had the added burden of proving the deaths were linked to Parnell had they mentioned them . Those facts were not necessary , Marler said , to prove the charges at hand . Marler said he hopes Friday 's verdict will send a message to corporations that they can not get away with this kind of behavior . The prosecution was unprecedented , Marler said , because the Department of Justice charged the Parnell brothers with felonies . Prior cases involved misdemeanors . "  Prosecutors took a risk and fortunately , the jury believed them , " Marler said . "  The jury saw this for what it was . The emails and documents told a story of a company that was more interested in shipping out products than products that were safe . " Salmonella is America 's most common cause of foodborne illness and sickens up to 1.4 million people every year . Former employees of Peanut Corp. described filthy conditions at the Georgia plant . Federal inspectors found roaches , rats , mold , dirt , accumulated grease and bird droppings during their raid . They also found a leaky roof . Salmonella is often associated with meat , poultry , eggs and raw milk -- products from animals that are carriers of the bacteria . It also thrives in the intestines of birds and can be found in fruits and vegetables and in ingredients made from them . The presence of water in what is supposed to be a dry processing facility for peanuts is like adding gasoline to fire for salmonella , food safety experts say . Health officials discovered similar poor conditions at Peanut Corp. 's other processing plant in Plainview , Texas . The company filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy shortly after it was shut down . Two former plant managers worked out deals with the government in exchange for their testimonies against Parnell . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter .	The government accused Stewart Parnell of knowingly marketing tainted food He and his brother were found guilty Friday on federal conspiracy charges A deadly salmonella outbreak was traced to peanut butter made by Parnell 's company Parnell 's indictment became a landmark case in food safety in America
CNN  -- One of Africa 's most successful footballers , Nwankwo Kanu , has had a glittering career on the pitch . The 6 ft 5 in Nigerian footballer has used his sizable stature in the game to help many others . Winning a gold medal with Nigeria in the 1996 Olympic Games he has also won the European Cup with Ajax ; the English Premier League Title and FA Cup with Arsenal in 2002 , and in 2008 scored the winning goal for Portsmouth in the FA Cup Final . But off the pitch , Kanu has worked just as hard to improve the lives of others . He set up the Kanu Heart Foundation in 2000 that raises money to help children with hearth defects . It 's an issue that Kanu is particularly connected to . In 1995 , when he was already a double-European Cup finalist , Kanu was told by a doctor for Inter Milan , the club he had just signed for , that he a faulty value in his heart . He was told he could never play football again . However he spent 14 months rehabilitating and then moved to Arsenal in England and arguably had the most successful years of his career . Now nearing the end of his career , Kanu has set up another foundation . Founded in 2008 , The Kanu Football Foundation aims to help advise young African footballer who can face all sorts of pressures when trying to become a professional football and avoid being exploited .	Nigerian footballer is European Cup and English Premier League winner Age 19 , told he could never play football again after hole was found in his heart A UNICEF ambassador has also set up two charitable foundations
CNN  -- We 're reviewing two $ 99 turn-by-turn navigation applications for the iPhone , TomTom and Navigon . Yes , that 's right , a $ 99 application for your phone to take the place of a stand-alone device that does n't cost much more than that . First off , if you plan to use your iPhone as a turn-by-turn navigator , you 'll need some sort of mount that keeps it in constant view of the sky  and to keep you from wrecking your car while trying to look at the screen  . As I was driving around downtown Atlanta , Georgia , both applications spent a good amount of time telling me they could n't get a good GPS lock , even after I dug out a window mount from my box of bits and pieces . Both of these applications have most of the features you would expect ; basically , put in a destination , and they tell you how to get there . Both can save favorites ; both even have a walking mode  though I have n't played with this enough to recommend it  . Both take up a ton of space , and both currently cost $ 99  though the Navigon had an early buy-in price of $ 69  . Navigon also has the TomTom beat on features : An early update added text-to-speech , which means Navigon 's app says the street you should turn on and not just "  turn left . " Navigon also just released a $ 24.99  intro priced at $ 19.99  upgrade option that will give you live traffic information . I 've asked TomTom about possible updates , and they say they 're considering what features to add . My early call for the best interface goes to the Navigon app . And this held up the more I used both of them . I find it much more intuitive ; things are where I expect them to be . When I want to change something on the TomTom , I often find myself repeatedly clicking through the categories , trying to find a particular setting . The Navigon 's interface is better for me . An example of the interface conundrum : When I got the software , I hit the "  home " icon to tell it to direct me to my house . Of course , I had n't set that address up yet . The TomTom told me I had to add it from the "  manage favorites " menu ; the Navigon app asked me if I 'd like to add it and let me do it right there . Bottom line Overall , my preference for the Navigon app holds true . I like the look and feel of the maps better , how it switches to night view automatically and its on-screen and voice alerts . The TomTom , by comparison , seems very low-end -- the maps are n't as nice -- and without text-to-speech , the voice prompts fall short . I like to know what street I 'm looking for without looking at the screen . The big feather  at an additional $ 120  in TomTom 's hat is its car kit . Essentially a dock designed for your car , the device adds power , a bigger speaker and a better GPS chip . The bigger chip should help the application be more accurate with your location and provide quicker prompts when you need to turn . But at that point , you 'll have spent more than $ 200 on a navigator that uses your iPhone as its brain . I just got my hands on TomTom 's dock , and although it 's nice and should improve the GPS performance , I 'm not sure it 's worth an extra $ 120 . So , down to brass tacks : Is it worth it to pay $ 99 for a smart phone navigation application when you could buy a stand-alone model  likely with a better GPS chip  for the same or not much more ? Personally , I like having it all on my phone , one unit that does everything  and I probably wo n't forget it in the car to be stolen  . Other people will probably rather have the stand-alone . And of course , there 's a big caveat : Google . The technology powerhouse has a turn-by-turn application in beta for its Android 2 operating system . It 's free for phones that run Android 2.0 , and word is that they 're in talks with Apple to get it on the iPhone  word that brought a big hit to the stock of both GPS giants , Garmin and TomTom  . Who knows what 's in the future for these apps ? But I 'll bet they 'll come up with something to remain at least somewhat viable .	TomTom , Navigon iPhone apps use GPS to give detailed street directions Navigon app  $ 99  is intuitive : Things are where reviewer expects them to be TomTom car kit adds power , a bigger speaker and a better GPS chip Google has beta turn-by-turn app for its Android 2 operating system
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Four men were convicted in Germany on Thursday in connection with a foiled terrorist plot against Western targets , court officials said . The men had begun mixing a huge amount of explosive material that could have resulted in a strong blast , bigger than attacks in 2005 on London 's public transport network and the 2004 Madrid railway bombings , authorities said . Three of the men -- two Germans and a Turk -- were arrested in September 2007 . The other was arrested later . The Germans -- Fritz Gelowicz and Daniel Schneider -- were sentenced to 12 years in prison . Turkish citizen Adem Yilmaz received 11 years . Attila Selek , a German citizen of Turkish descent , received five years . Gelowicz , Schneider and Yilmaz were convicted of , among other things , being members of a terrorist organization , court officials said . The men had joined the Islamic Jihad Union in 2006 . Selek received a shorter sentence because he was convicted only of supporting the organization . Three of the men had trained at camps in northern Pakistan with the group that had ties to al Qaeda , German authorities said . The group said it wanted to target the Ramstein Air Base and other U.S. and Uzbek military and diplomatic installations in Germany , German authorities said . The group also wanted to force Germany to stop using an air base in Uzbekistan as a stopover point for moving equipment and personnel in and out of northern Afghanistan . -- CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Authorities say planned blast would have eclipsed London and Madrid bombings Three men convicted of being members of terrorist organization Three had trained in Pakistan camps with group linked to al Qaeda , authorities say
Serbia 's economy might be in the doldrums , but one company is tasting sweet success as the country readies itself for entry into the European Union . Serbia , which begins EU membership negotiations next year , is struggling with sluggish growth , high inflation , unemployment at 25 % , and excessive public debt . Despite the country 's problems , Bambi -- the country 's biggest confectionery maker -- is investing in its operations and looking to new export opportunities . Read more : Germany 's modest Mutti Merkel is no Iron Lady Thatcher "  We are not sleeping , we are not waiting until these things -LSB- entering the EU -RSB- come about , " its COO , Daniel Boehi told CNN . "  Bambi is a good role model in that sense . " The company 's factory in Pozarevac is already state-of-the-art . The fast-paced operation is open 24 hours hours a day , and run with three shifts of workers . New technology has been brought in to keep the company in line with EU regulations , including a machine which automatically weighs every product to ensure it maintains its advertised net weight . Read more : After Fukushima : Could Germany 's nuclear gamble backfire ? "  We have food experts , technologists and lawyers who tell us what to do , " Boehi told CNN . "  Our portfolio , our production lines , our quality standards ... -LSB- they -RSB- are not much different to what Nestle or any global player would be doing . " Read more : Rule one for television field producers : Expect the unexpected The factory visited by CNN churns out 40 tonnes of Bambi 's best-selling biscuit , the Plazma , each day . The company is investing $ 13 million in more production lines next year . Boehi told CNN he expected joining the EU would increase demand for products and open new markets . "  New opportunities might open up , mostly with surrounding markets like Romania , Bulgaria , Greece and Croatia , " he said . Read more : Building learning blocks at LEGO school Boehi added : "  We do n't see actually countries like Germany , Switzerland -LSB- and -RSB- the UK as a real opportunity for us ... these markets are saturated . " While Serbia aspires to EU membership , such a move will also provide challenges . Watch more : Can Italy improve competitiveness Serbia 's minimum wage , at $ 1.36 an hour , is one of the lowest in Europe , and comes in below China , Malaysia and the Philippines . The country is also struggling with its rising unemployment levels . Entry into the EU has raised fears the country 's educated youth will flee to better economies within Europe . "  Wage costs will go up , this is clear , but the way we will deal with that is not laying off people . It is by simply organizing ourselves in a better way , " Boehi told CNN . "  We are paying more than others and the competition will slowly , slowly need to ... adjust to that and come up to the same level . So , it will go up but that is part of life . "	Serbia is struggling with sluggish growth , high inflation , unemployment at 25 % Serbia 's minimum wage , at $ 1.36 an hour , is one of the lowest in Europe , and comes in below China Entry into the EU has raised fears the country 's educated youth will flee
Editor 's note : Zeyno Baran , a native of Turkey , is senior fellow for the Center for Islam , Democracy and the Future of the Muslim World at the Hudson Institute , a Washington-based think tank that says it is dedicated to "  global security , prosperity and freedom . " From January 2003 until 2006 , Baran directed the International Security and Energy Programs at The Nixon Center . Zeyno Baran says the United States can learn much from Turkey 's expertise on Afghanistan and Pakistan . CNN  -- Turks greeted President Obama with huge excitement Monday . This was the first time a U.S. president visited Turkey at the start of his term , sending a clear signal that this administration recognizes the importance of Turkey and wants to engage with it from the start . His address in the Turkish parliament was one of the greatest speeches made by an American leader in such a setting : He not only showed his deep understanding of Turkey 's many complex issues and identities , but also handled tough issues with great skill . He framed his talk just right by underlining Turkey 's European identity as a secular democracy . That said , it is important to remember how good U.S.-Turkey relations were at the start of the Bush administration . President George W. Bush also considered Turkey an extremely valuable partner , but then came the Iraq war . The United States genuinely believed Turkey would be one of the most important allies going forward . Despite official channels and experts making clear the difficulties in allowing U.S. military to cross into Iraq via its lands , the administration chose to listen to those who sang music to its ears . As a result , they based a whole military strategy on the Turkish parliament voting yes and were shocked when they received a no . Bilateral relations then entered a downward spiral . With Obama 's election , there is renewed excitement in Turkey . Like most of the people of Turkey , he opposed the Iraq war and considered Afghanistan the "  good war . " Going forward , as President Obama underscored in his speech , Turkey can play an important role in Afghanistan as a reliable NATO ally . The question is : How can Turkey best help ? Turkey is one of the few -- possibly the only -- NATO member that has deep religious , cultural and historic knowledge of both Afghanistan and Pakistan . In fact , the Turkish government has brought together the presidents of Afghanistan and Pakistan much before the United States began approaching them together . Reading the tea leaves , one may conclude that the Obama administration wants to cooperate with Turkey in engaging with the Taliban in Pakistan and Afghanistan . This would be the wrong kind of cooperation . Although Turkey has channels to the Taliban and has means to facilitate the talks , there can not be a morally acceptable deal reached with the Taliban , whose ultimate goal is to curb all individual freedoms and universal human rights , especially when it comes to women . No matter what the reasonable sounding arguments may be in favor of this strategy , pulling Turkey into any kind of engagement with the Taliban -- either as part of NATO or bilaterally -- would have much worse long-term consequences . Instead , the Obama administration needs to think of "  victory " not only in the short term and from a purely anti-terrorism perspective , but also in consideration of the people who have lived and will continue to live in those lands . In other words , providing true safety , security , justice and development for Afghanistan and Pakistan -- not the kind of society the Taliban has been providing . Indeed , it is in providing the basic securities that Turkey can be a great partner . Turkey not only can and will continue to help provide safety and physical security , but also could further assist with the reconstruction projects , such as building hospitals , schools , sanitation facilities and investment projects that would have direct impact on the socioeconomic development of the Afghan and Pakistani societies . There are many Turkish companies that have undertaken successful construction projects in these fields since early 2002 . There are also military and civilian trainers , nongovernment organizations and even volunteer teachers who work in some of the most dangerous regions . Still , Turkey can possibly make the greatest contribution by helping the United States frame the challenges it is facing in a more accurate and honest way . Just as President Obama referred to his personal story and that of the United States to help Turks look deeper within , Turks can do the same for the United States . To start , Turkey can explain how the vast Eurasian region it belongs to is not just part of the "  Muslim world " but has been at the crossroads of eastern and western cultures and ideas and witnessed many brutal wars and massacres over the millennia . Moreover , each country has its own spirit -- there are ancient cultures and tribal formations , and these do not move fast . It is important to stop and drink the tea . Turkey can also explain that it is only in recent decades that jihadism and extremism took root in these lands known for their Sufi teachings that talk about love , instead of hatred . As a true partner , it can also help the United States recognize its share , along with many others , in inadvertently contributing to the creation of the Taliban and al-Qaeda by making bad foreign policy choices . Anything short of recognition of the past catching up with us will leave us all unprepared for what may come in the future . In other words , we may be doomed to repeat the same mistakes until we learn our lesson . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zeyno Baran .	Zeyno Baran : Obama 's speech shows deep understanding of Turkey She says administration needs to make good use of Turkey 's role in region Baran : Using Turkey to make peace with Taliban would be a mistake She says Turkey can help rebuild Afghanistan and provide security
CNN  -- World No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki hopes to be fit for this year 's second grand slam tournament , the French Open , despite suffering an ankle injury in an American event . The Dane had to retire hurt during her semifinal match against Russian seventh seed Vera Zvonareva in Charleston , South Carolina , on Saturday while trailing 5-2 in the first set . The top seed slipped on the green clay in the sixth game and rolled her ankle , meaning Zvonareva went through to Sunday 's final where she will face Australian Samantha Stosur . Wozniacki , who won the WTA Tour tournament in Ponte Vedra Beach last weekend , told reporters that she hoped to be able to play at Roland Garros when play begins on May 24 . "  I certainly hope so . As it looks right now , it 's not too bad , " said the 19-year-old , who will have a scan on the injury . "  I was surprised that I could stand on my leg , which was very positive , actually . "  But as soon as I was moving to the sides , it was impossible , so I could n't play . " Fourth seed Stosur reached the final of the Family Circle Cup with a 6-3 7-6  7-2  victory against No. 8 Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia . Meanwhile , top seed Francesca Schiavone won the Barcelona Ladies ' Open after thrashing fellow Italian Roberta Vinci 6-1 6-1 in just under an hour in Saturday 's final .	Caroline Wozniacki hopes to be fit for French Open despite suffering ankle injury World No. 2 retires hurt at 5-2 down in first set of Family Circle Cup semifinal Russian seventh seed Vera Zvonareva faces fourth seed Samantha Stosur in final Italian top seed Francesca Schiavone wins Barcelona Ladies ' Open title
CNN  -- It 's not the kind of weather map or travel intelligence you want to see on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving . Two major storms in the Northeast and the Pacific Northwest are complicating matters on one of the busiest travel days of the year . At the same time , the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI have issued a joint intelligence bulletin saying terrorists could choose to strike during the holidays and everyone should stay vigilant . CNN has obtained a copy of the bulletin which says law enforcement is "  not aware of any credible threats to the Homeland specifically timed to coincide with the 2011 holiday season . " But the bulletin notes last year 's Oregon plot to set off a bomb at a Christmas tree lighting . That one allegedly involved a homegrown suspect . And the bulletin says that as of February 2010 , al Qaeda was considering attacks on the United States on symbolic dates such as Christmas , but there 's no information to indicate that led to actual al Qaeda plots . These sorts of bulletins have come out at holiday time in past years . But this is the first once since the death of Osama bin Laden . Meanwhile , rain has prompted flood watches in parts of Pennsylvania ; up to 8 inches of snow have fallen in central parts of Maine ; showers are soaking northern Florida ; and wind gusts of up to 98 mph have been reported along the Oregon coast , CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said . "  It 's going to be a rough go for a whole lot of people , " she said . Flight delays were spreading Wednesday afternoon , with Newark International , LaGuardia , San Francisco International and Boston 's Logan International airports reporting problems . Check Federal Aviation Administration flight delay information That 's bad news for those who are on the move for the annual November trek to see family and friends , feast on turkey and pumpkin pie , and rediscover the joys of their hometowns on Thanksgiving . AAA projects that 42.5 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles during the Thanksgiving weekend , an increase of 4 % from last year . Slightly fewer people are choosing to get to their destinations by plane . About 23.2 million travelers will fly over a 12-day period surrounding Turkey Day , a 2 % drop from last year , according to a forecast by the Air Transport Association of America . Unlike last year , when the National Opt-Out Day movement against airport body scanners threatened to snarl security lines across the country , air travelers are not facing the prospect of protest-induced delays .  The Opt-Out Day turned out to be a nonevent . The Transportation Security Administration says it has prepared its work force for a "  smooth holiday travel experience for travelers . " iReport : Tell us how your trip is going The busiest air travel days for the Thanksgiving holiday period are expected to be Sunday and Monday , the Air Transport Association of America said . If you 're flying into or out of Los Angeles International , Chicago 's O'Hare International or Orlando International , brace yourself for lots of company . Those will be the nation 's busiest airports this Thanksgiving , based on flight bookings , according to Orbitz.com . And in case you 're wondering , Mineta San Jose International in California and Kahului Airport in Maui , Hawaii , will be the least busy . No matter where you start your journey , flight attendants say it 's a week when they see lots of extra-grumpy passengers worried about flight delays and cancellations . "  There 's a little bit more at stake . Oftentimes , people are trying to get someplace to be with their family , so naturally they would be upset if they 're not going to make it , " said Rene Foss , a longtime flight attendant for a major U.S. airline . "  However , in general , it 's also kind of a festive time . Sometimes , contrary to what you might think , people are in a good mood because they are going for something kind of fun as opposed to just a business meeting or something related to work . " Should you recline your seat ? The etiquette of crowded flying Flying with food or gifts ? Check out the TSA 's guide to what you can and can not bring through an airport security checkpoint . The agency reminds you not to wrap gifts you are taking on the plane because security officers may have to unwrap them if they need to take a closer look . The TSA also offers tips on how to get through the security line faster , including packing coats and jackets in checked bags whenever possible and putting your shoes directly on the conveyor belt instead of a bin when they go through the X-ray machine . Then , there are things you ca n't control : Snow , fog or rain may mean you wo n't fly on time or at all . To avoid being stuck at the airport , sign up for airline alerts and check your flights frequently online before you leave home . If your flight is canceled , get in line for assistance and try your airline by phone or online at the same time to get an edge over other fliers who are trying to rebook . Winter weather travel tips If you 're driving through an area that 's expecting wintry weather , AAA recommends that you keep at least half a tank of gas in your car at all times and pack a cell phone , plus blankets , gloves , hats , food , water and any needed medication in case you 're stranded . Stay safe out there , and happy travels . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Zohreen Adamjee and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Thanksgiving travelers face two major storms -- in the Northeast and the Pacific Northwest AAA : 42.5 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles during the Thanksgiving weekend Orbitz.com : Los Angeles , Chicago 's O'Hare and Orlando airports will be the busiest All eyes are on the weather , which can turn a simple trip into a nightmare
The Louisiana delegation is offering bipartisan support to Rep. Steve Scalise , who is embroiled in scandal surrounding his 2002 address to a white supremacist forum . Rep. Cedric Richmond , the lone Democrat in Louisiana 's House delegation , offered his full-throated support to the congressman in an interview with the New Orleans Times-Picayune Monday night . "  I do n't think Steve Scalise has a racist bone in his body , " Richmond , who is African American , told the paper . "  Steve and I have worked on issues that benefit poor people , black people , white people , Jewish people . I know his character . " He added : "  I am not going to let them use Steve as a scapegoat to score political points when I know him and know his family , " Richmond said . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a Republican , also backed the congressman in a statement . "  I know Congressman Scalise to be a good man who is fair-minded and kindhearted . I 'm confident he absolutely rejects racism in all its forms , " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said in a statement . A local Louisiana blog reported this weekend on blog posts and documents revealing that Scalise spoke at a 2002 event for the National/International EURO Workshop on Civil Rights , a white nationalist organization founded by David Duke , a former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan . The controversy surrounding his appearance at the event has raised questions over whether Scalise will continue to serve as Majory Whip , the third-ranking position in House leadership . House Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , however , have remained silent on the situation since the news broke . RELATED : Whip lashed by critics Scalise has disavowed the group 's beliefs and said he was n't aware of them when he spoke at the forum . In an interview with the Times-Picayune , Scalise chalked up the misunderstanding to a staff flub . "  I did n't know who all of these groups were and I detest any kind of hate group . For anyone to suggest that I was involved with a group like that is insulting and ludicrous , " he said . He added : "  I had one person that was working for me . When someone called and asked me to speak , I would go . I was , in no way , affiliated with that group or the other groups I was talking to . " CNN has learned that the staffer at the time was Cameron Henry , who currently represents Scalise 's former state House seat . Henry rushed CNN off the phone Monday night and declined to discuss the situation , but did not deny his work for the congressman . Henry 's brother , Charles Henry , is Scalise 's current chief of staff . Neither responded to requests for comment on Tuesday . But Democrats were already taking aim at Scalise on Tuesday morning , and trying to goad House leadership into weighing in . "  Steve Scalise chose to cheerlead for a group of KKK members and neo-Nazis at a white supremacist rally and now his fellow House Republican Leaders ca n't even speak up and say he was wrong . While David Duke defends Scalise , Speaker Boehner and Leader McCarthy are refusing to condemn Scalise 's choice of allies , " said Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee National Press Secretary Josh Schwerin . Schwerin said the incident made it "  clear their leadership has a history of embracing anti-Semitic , racist hate groups . " "  Republicans are off to a banner start for their new Congress -- on the path to break their own record for least popular Congress in history , " he added .	The Louisiana delegation is offering bipartisan support to Rep. Steve Scalise Democratic Rep. Cedric Richmond defended the Republican The staffer for Scalise at the time , Cameron Henry , is brothers with Scalise 's chief of staff
CNN  -- The World Cup has provided an all you can eat buffet when it comes to goals -- but in a tournament which constantly manages to amaze , the latest item on the menu in Brazil was akin to a feast . Those fortunate enough to witness this enthralling contest between the attacking talent of the Dutch and the never-say-die attitude of the Australians were arguably treated to the game of the tournament so far . The Netherlands , which had trailed 2-1 after Mile Jedinak 's penalty had given Australia shock 54th minute lead , eventually prevailed 3-2 in a pulsating and often breathtaking affair . Substiute Memphis Depay was the hero for the Dutch , becoming his country 's youngest ever World Cup scorer , lashing home the winner just 10 minutes after Robin van Persie had dragged his side level . Last Friday , Netherlands brought the tournament to life with one of the greatest results in recent World Cup history . Not only did it defeat the reigning champion , it dragged it off its throne kicking and screaming while Spanish faces were left red with humiliation . It was sweet revenge for the Dutch , which came so close four years ago only to lose out to Andres Iniesta 's winner in Johannesburg . Under the guidance of coach Louis van Gaal , who will join Manchester United after the tournament , this current crop of players has emerged as a new force on the world stage . While the likes of Arjen Robben , Van Persie and Wesley Sneijder remain , the exciting youthful talent of Daley Blind and defender Bruno Martins Indi represents the next generation . There were some who did n't think the Netherlands would even make it out of the group , let alone launch a World Cup challenge . While the Dutch should qualify comfortably from its group , it will take a huge effort to thrill as its players have in its opening two games . Australia , which battled gamely during its 3-1 defeat by Chile in its opening game , arrived knowing anything but a victory would make progress almost impossible . Like so many of it sporting teams , Australia has a side which refuses to give up hope . When Robben ran through the heart of the Australian defense and fired into the bottom corner with 19 minutes played , it seemed a case of how many goals the Dutch could rattle in . Australia 's talisman Tim Cahill had other ideas . Just seconds after restarting the game , Ryan McGowan sent a pinpoint cross into the Dutch penalty area where Cahill met it with an unstoppable left-footed -- a goal reminiscent of Marco van Basten 's wonder strike for the Netherlands at the 1988 European Championship finals . Cahill 's fifth World Cup goal - and possibly his last -- was worth the entrance fee alone . The 34-year-old will miss his side 's final group game against Spain after picking up a suspension -- not that you would have known it from his performance . Buoyed by the equalizer , Australia began to push forward and Mark Bresciano missed a golden opportunity to put his side ahead after lashing over from 18-yards . And when Daryl Janmaat inadvertently handled inside his own penalty area , Jedinak swept home from 12-yards to give his side a shock lead . From thrashing the world champion 5-1 to trailing the lowest ranked side in the tournament , the Dutch were rocking . Australia , playing with a confidence which belied its lowly ranking , appeared set to claim one of the most famous results in its history . But the Dutch were n't done yet and four minutes later it drew level when van Persie rifled home from just inside the penalty area . As the game moved breathlessly from one end to the other , Matthew Leckie should have put Australia back in front but could only send his effort straight at the goalkeeper from close-range . It was a costly miss which as just minutes later the Dutch moved ahead once again . Depay burst forward towards the penalty area and his low effort flew in off the fingertips off Australia goalkeeper Matthew Ryan . There was still time for Nigel de Jong and Jermaine Lens to go close -- but the goals dried up -- for now anyway .	Netherlands defeats Australia 3-2 in Porto Alegre Australia had come from goal down to lead 2-1 Tim Cahill scores goal of the tournament Robin van Persie and Arjen Robben on target for Netherlands
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- A 17-year-old said Tuesday he is "  blessed " that prosecutors dropped a murder charge against him in the beating death last month of a Chicago honors student . Derrion Albert , 16 , was beaten to death September 24 . His death was captured on video . "  I 'm just happy to be out , " Eugene Bailey said , a day after authorities announced they were dismissing the charge against him in the September 24 death of Derrion Albert . Police said Albert , a 16-year-old honors student , was an innocent bystander who ended up in the middle of a street fight between two factions of students from Christian Fenger Academy High School . His beating death was captured on video , which shows him being hit by a person wielding a piece of a railroad tie . Bailey said he considered Albert a "  good friend " and approached police offering to help in their investigation . When police told him he appeared on the video , he said , he told them , "  No , that ca n't be me . " Authorities searched his mother 's home and found he did not own clothing and shoes like that seen on the participant thought to be him , he said . "  I 'm just blessed to have my freedom , " he said , adding that what happened to Albert "  should n't happen to anyone . " Cook County prosecutors issued a statement Monday saying , "  While the charge against Bailey was brought in good faith based on witness accounts and identifications , additional information has developed during the ongoing investigation that warranted dismissal of the murder charge against Bailey at this time . " "  I was kind of overwhelmed , " said Bailey 's mother , Ava Greyer . "  They would n't listen to me . " She said she received an eviction notice after her son 's arrest , but has since received a letter of apology . She said she did n't think that was right , however : "  You are innocent until proven guilty . " "  I did n't raise no murderer , " she said . "  He did n't murder nobody . " "  We all talk about what is what out here and point fingers at one another . ... These kids need something to do , " Greyer said . "  It 's not gang-related . They get out of school -- once they 're in school it 's cool . Once they get out of school , the school says ` Forget 'em . ' That 's wrong . Get them some after-schooling programs , some recreation centers 20 hours a week . " She said , "  That was sad , that was wrong what happened to Derrion . I wish that upon no one . But at the same time , we need to sweep around our doorsteps and see what we can do as a community to keep this from happening to somebody else 's child . " Prosecutors said that when school let out on September 24 , Albert was on his way to a bus stop when two groups of students converged on the street and began fighting . Albert was approached by two members of one faction and struck in the head with a long piece of a wooden railroad tie , and then punched in the face , Tandra Simonton , spokeswoman for the Cook County prosecutors , has said . After being knocked out for a brief period , Albert regained consciousness and tried to move from the fight , but was then attacked by members of the opposing faction , Simonton said . He was pronounced dead at a hospital . Albert 's death remains under investigation , prosecutors said Monday . Three other individuals still face murder charges : Silvanus Shannon , 19 , Eric Carson , 16 , and Eugene Riley , 18 . All three appeared in court for a preliminary hearing Monday , but their cases were continued to Friday . Albert 's death prompted President Obama , a former Chicago resident and Illinois senator , to send Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Attorney General Eric Holder to Chicago earlier this month . The two met with the city 's mayor and community leaders to discuss possible remedies for violent youth crime . Albert 's death was not an isolated incident : More than 30 youths suffered violent deaths in Chicago last year . "  We should n't have to worry about walking down the streets , " Bailey said . "  We all live amongst each other . "	Eugene Bailey , 17 , freed of charge in Derrion Albert 's beating death Bailey says he was Albert 's friend , approached police with offer of help Police say Albert was bystander who was caught in middle of gang fight Beating was videotaped and police thought Bailey was in video
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli police arrested Tuesday an immigrant from the former Yugoslavia who is suspected of participating in the 1995 massacre in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica . Aleksander Cvetkovic immigrated to Israel with his wife , who is Jewish , and children in 2006 and received Israeli citizenship , said a statement from the Israeli Justice Ministry . The Israeli state prosecutor 's office received an extradition request for him last August from the Bosnian government . The decision to open an extradition process came after months of examining evidence . That evidence exposes shocking details of the massacre of Muslims at Braniewo farm , the ministry said . "  Hundreds of Bosnian civilians were bused to the farm handcuffed and blindfolded . They were led to the killing fields where firing squads made up of Bosnian-Serb soldiers shot them in cold blood , " the ministry said . Cvetkovic actively participated in the massacre and was one of eight soldiers in the firing squad , the state prosecutor 's office said . The extradition process , it said , is part of "  an international legal action that investigates and prosecutes those responsible for planning and carrying out genocide . " About 8,000 Muslim men and boys were killed in Srebrenica in 1995 . Radovan Karadzic , the Bosnian Serb president at the time , is accused of being responsible for the massacre . Srebrenica became an emblem for the dissolution of Yugoslavia -- once a multi-ethnic state of Serbs , Croats , Muslims and others -- into six countries during bloody and brutal conflicts in the early 1990s . CNN 's Michal Zippori , contributed to this report .	Aleksander Cvetkovic is wanted in Bosnia for his role in the 1995 massacre About 800 Muslim men and boys were killed in Srebrenica Cvetkovic is accused of being part of a eight-man firing squad
CNN  -- Mitchell Guist , a star of the reality TV show "  Swamp People , " died of "  natural causes , " a local sheriff in Louisiana said . Assumption Parish Sheriff Mike Waguespack released the preliminary autopsy conclusion Wednesday , although he said final results will not be available for another four or five weeks . Fans pay tribute to ` Swamp People ' star Guist , 47 , was working to build a houseboat when he appeared to have a seizure and fell backwards in his boat , said Assumption Parish Sheriff Mike Waguespack . He was with another person on the Intercoastal Waterway , about 75 miles from New Orleans , at the time of his collapse . That person , who did not want to be identified , got Guist back to a boat landing , performed CPR and called his wife , who in turn called 911 , said the sheriff . Guist was transferred to the Teche Regional Medical Center in Morgan City , where he was pronounced dead Monday . Daniel Wiltz , with the St. Martin Parish coroner 's office , declined to comment on the autopsy except to say that it was pending . What is ` Swamp People ' ? "  Right now , we 're thinking about him almost every minute , " said Brian Catalina , executive producer of "  Swamp People . " "  We 've lost a really important part of our family and a treasured friend . " "  Swamp People " is the popular History Channel TV series that chronicles the lives of alligator hunters . Now in its third season , the series is set in Louisiana 's Atchafalaya Swamp , and focuses on Cajun alligator hunters during the 30-day hunting season that the History Channel notes is "  crucial to their survival . " Guist appeared on the show alongside his brother , Glenn Guist . "  The two were inseparable . These guys were born in the same house that they both still lived in , up until yesterday . They were two peas in a pod for sure . Neither had ever married . They were just as brothers as you could be , " said Catalina on Tuesday . Soon after news of Guist 's death broke , tributes began pouring in on the brothers ' official fan club Facebook page . "  RIP Mitchell you were one hell of a swamp man and inspired people like me . Prayers go out to Glenn and the Guist family . May his legacy live on , " read one . "  May the king of the bayou welcome you home , " read another . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Natural causes " is the preliminary autopsy finding Mitchell Guist died Monday after falling on his boat "  Swamp People " chronicles the lives of alligator hunters in Louisiana "  We 're thinking about him almost every minute , " said "  Swamp People " executive producer
EW.com  -- American Idol finalists Kree Harrison and Candice Glover wowed the audience at the Nokia Theater at L.A. Live Wednesday evening with three show-stopping ballads each . After the performances , Glover , Harrison and judge Keith Urban came backstage to talk about their night , that coin flip , and singing those soulful songs . "  As different as they are , they have a lot of similarities . They have a lot of vulnerability and strength that are both apparent when they perform . They both come from very roots-y , earthy , real families and I think that 's what 's apparent in what they do . There 's no pageantry in either of them , " said first-time judge Urban . "  They sing because they need to sing . Not because they want to be famous . " But as to what he thought of their performances , Urban said : "  I was really taken with the original songs , particularly Kree 's . Kree 's to me was the one that just hit me . " Harrison and Glover may not have Urban 's luxury of distance , but both offered up insights into their performances as well . EW : Latest ` American Idol ' recap On those emotional songs and staying confident onstage Harrison may own the stage when she 's belting out those ballads now , but she admitted she was n't always so comfortable going to those dark place . "  The truth is before I committed to this competition , I was n't so good with emotional songs , " Harrison said . "  I put a wall up because I did n't want to get to that point where I could n't handle the lyrics and could n't get it out . But I found that there 's a happy medium of connecting and really showing your heart through your lyrics . " Glover was no different . Her swagger , she says , is just an act . "  I always feel very unconfident , but I do n't show it onstage , " Glover said . And it was her drive to succeed that prevented her from getting lost in the sadness of her song . "  I got emotional in the middle of the song but I could n't stop because I did n't want to go off-key , " Glover said . On that fateful coin flip Reality television devotees may be surprised to learn that as Ryan Seacrest was flipping that coin last week that would give the winner the choice to go first or second in Wednesdays finals show , Kree was whispering to Candice to ask which position she preferred . "  I was very surprised . She asked me while it was spinning . I said ' I do n't know ? Second ? ' and she said ` OK , I 'll go first , ' " said Glover . "  That 's Kree . Every day . She does n't think about herself at all . She puts everyone before herself . " Harrison said , "  I think it comes down to the singing , the connection , the order does n't matter . " Though Glover was n't in the room to hear her say that , she echoed the sentiment in nearly the same words . EW : Should ` American Idol ' lose the results show ? On what they 're going to do the day after tomorrow Glover said that she 's just relieved that they do n't have to go through another round . "  We 've just been taking it one day at a time and doing our best , but I have to think about -LSB- plans -RSB- when I go home , " she said . Harrison , on the other hand , did n't know exactly what she 'd be doing , but knew that she 'd have at least something to celebrate . "  My birthday is the day after the finale , " Harrison said , adding with a laugh : "  Vote for me for my birthday ! " As many know , Glover was an American Idol contestant before , but despite her success this year , she does n't feel as though she was robbed before . "  Honestly I do n't think I would have won , " Glover said . "  I think everything happens for a reason and I do n't think I would have made it as far as I did this year . I was just auditioning because I was a 19-year-old who happened to know how to sing . And this year I think I 'm more of an artist and I think I know myself a little bit better . " In less than 24 hours the world will know who was voted the Season 12 American Idol and who gets to go home in second place . With that kind of pressure , it 's tempting to think that Harrison and Glover are enemies , just playing friendly on stage . But just ask how they spent the night before the big show . "  Me and Kree watched some TV together . She fell asleep on me . I made sure she was sleeping and then I went to my room , " said Glover . "  We just chilled . " There are no rivalries here . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  American Idol " is down to the final contestants Kree Harrison and Candice Glover wowed the audience Judge Keith Urban "  was really taken with the original songs "
CNN  -- Capturing one of the world 's most wanted criminals shows that Mexico 's security strategy is working , the country 's President said Monday . Technology and intelligence helped lead authorities to Sinaloa cartel boss Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman over the weekend , President Enrique Pea Nieto said at an event marking Flag Day in Mexico . "  The apprehension of one of the most wanted drug lords at the international level shows the effectiveness of the Mexican state , but in no way should it be a motive to fall into triumphalism , " he said . "  On the contrary , this institutional accomplishment encourages us to move forward , working with passion and energy to demonstrate that , yes , it is possible to achieve a peaceful Mexico . " Pea Nieto praised collaborations between the military and different parts of Mexico 's federal government . "  This detention reaffirms the commitment that the government has to employ all of its abilities in fighting organized crime , " he said . When the 47-year-old won Mexico 's 2012 presidential vote , critics expressed concerns that cracking down on organized crime would n't be a priority for his administration and suggested negotiating with drug cartels might be on the table once he took office . Pea Nieto said his goal was stopping drug violence by addressing the economic and social problems that fuel it . Since taking office in December 2012 , Pea Nieto has talked about fighting cartels significantly less than his predecessor , Felipe Calderon . But Guzman 's arrest Saturday was a sign that taking down drug lords is still on Mexico 's a agenda . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	President : Sinaloa cartel boss was among "  world 's most wanted criminals " "  It is possible to achieve a peaceful Mexico , " Pea Nieto says Catching "  El Chapo " Guzman shows Mexico 's security strategy works , he says
Washington  CNN  -- A lawyer for John Hinckley Jr. is demanding Secret Service surveillance records from a trip the presidential assailant took last March to see his mother . Barry Levine complained at a court hearing on Thursday that the Secret Service provided an inaccurate report of one of Hinckley 's periodic trips to Williamsburg , Virginia . Although details were not described publicly , a source with knowledge of the case said the Secret Service told federal prosecutors that Hinckley was involved in a "  disruption " during a tour of an unnamed facility and that police were summoned . The source said that Hinckley was never involved in such an incident . Photos : The attack on Ronald Reagan Federal prosecutor Colleen Kennedy dismissed Levine 's complaint about the Secret Service , calling it a "  fabrication . " Another source familiar with the case said the Secret Service never said Hinckley did anything wrong . U.S. District Court Judge Paul Friedman is considering whether Hinckley , 57 , should be allowed longer visits to see his mother and whether the psychiatric hospital overseeing his treatment can release him one day as an outpatient . Hinckley , who did not attend Thursday 's hearing , was found not guilty by reason of insanity for the March 1981 shooting of President Ronald Reagan and three others . All were wounded . Read more : The day that changed presidential security forever He has lived at St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington for decades and currently is allowed to spend 10 days a month at his 86-year-old mother 's home . St. Elizabeths has proposed giving Hinckley two visits of 17 days duration followed by six visits of 24 days each . The hospital also asked for authority to decide , following those longer visits , if Hinckley could be released on convalescent leave and live full time in Williamsburg with his mother . Friedman presided over 13 days of arguments and expert witness testimony in late 2011 and early 2012 . But St. Elizabeths told Friedman last August , that a key part of its outpatient plan for Hinckley had fallen through when a care facility said it would not provide group therapy sessions in Williamsburg . The hospital reworked its proposal , which Levine said now involves a new case manager . Someone already involved in his care will organize group therapy . Opinion : What changed after the Reagan shooting Levine also said Hinckley is receiving art and music therapy and spending more time at his volunteer job at another hospital . Hinckley 's caregivers hope he will one-day get a part-time job with pay as part of a self-sufficiency strategy that will also involve expanding his ties with the Williamsburg community . During earlier court proceedings , mental health experts said Hinckley had done little to make friends in Williamsburg and expressed concern about him isolating himself . But Levine said Hinckley has sought out additional activities in Williamsburg and described him as thriving . Levine complained the government is dragging out the process and delaying a decision . He compared government prosecutors in the case to Captain Ahab in the novel "  Moby Dick " and said they are engaged in a "  maniacal pursuit of Mr. Hinckley . " Friedman said he would schedule another hearing as early as next month to go over the new treatment plan . Quiz : The Reagan shooting	Surveillance records sought from visit the presidential assailant made in March John Hinckley lawyer complains Secret Service provided inaccurate report Court weighing new treatment proposal for Hinckley , who shot , wounded Ronald Reagan Hinckley was found not guilty in the 1981 shooting outside a Washington hotel
WIRED  -- Two cable powerhouses have announced an ambitious pilot program that aims to convince their customers that , actually , TV on the web should not be free . Jeffrey Bewkes , chairman and CEO of Time Warner , speaks at the NCTA conference in Washington . With a service called TV Everywhere , Comcast and Time Warner will give cable subscribers access to "  premium " television content via broadband , and later cellphone connections . To begin with , 5,000 Comcast subscribers will begin testing the system next month , giving them access to Time Warner 's TBS and TNT channels on their computers , and the same channels ' video-on-demand catalogs on their cable boxes . If you made peace long ago with the idea of paying a monthly cable bill , this probably sounds great . It means watching your existing subscription on new screens without paying additional fees or buying more hardware .  Of course , as consumers adopt TV Everywhere , they can probably expect price increases . But if you prefer to watch your television for free on ad-supported sites like Hulu while paying only for the internet connection that delivers it , you could be in for a rude awakening . TV Everywhere represents an alternative -- and possible threat -- to the popular Hulu model . If the pilot program impresses the group -- and proves to other networks that its user-authentication system is secure -- Comcast and Time Warner expect the other television programmers , ISPs and mobile providers to join , giving all cable subscribers a way to watch the content they pay for on their televisions using any broadband-connected computer or authenticated cellphone . Already "  at least 92 percent of Americans qualify to watch this for free online , " according to Jeff Bewkes , chairman and CEO of Time Warner . For these subscribers , TV Everywhere represents a potential win . The only question is whether they will keep paying for the old cable subscription model as their viewing habits shift online . There 's nothing to stop television networks from putting their content on both Hulu and TV Everywhere , because TV Everywhere 's contract will be non-exclusive , according to Bewkes . However , given the choice between Hulu and TV Everywhere , television programmers have an incentive to go with the latter . Only the TV Everywhere model promises to port yesterday 's lucrative business model onto today 's platforms . And that , according to some critics , is exactly the problem . " -LSB- TV Everywhere -RSB- raises substantial anti-competitive issues by restricting the availability of programming to the favored distribution methods , " said Gigi B. Sohn , president and co-founder of the public interest group Public Knowledge . "  Under the TV Everywhere plan , no other program distributors would be able to emerge , and no consumers will be able to ` cut the cord ' because they find what they want online . As a result , consumers will be the losers . "  In addition , we are concerned that this program violates the open nature of the internet . By adding this additional toll lane , Comcast and Time Warner want to create their own ` managed channel ' within the internet and turn the internet into their own private cable channel . " So , what about Hulu ? Will its deals fall through given this new option ? "  There will be some part -LSB- of Time Warner 's content -RSB- that will be out there -LSB- on Hulu -RSB- , said Bewkes . "  Short-form content , I think , will continue to be available -- promotional content will continue to be available . " However , only cable subscribers will be able to access other content online -- through officially licensed avenues , anyway . Bewkes added that some other television programmers have avoided Hulu "  for security concerns and because they did n't like the model , " but that they will give TV Everywhere a chance . "  Consumers vote every single month with their pocketbook , " he added . "  They do n't have to subscribe to cable . They do n't have to pay for these services , yet they do . The number of people paying for subscription television has gone up and up and up every single quarter that we 've been in the business . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Comcast and Time Warner will give cable subscribers online access to tv content Program is called TV Everywhere and will begin testing next month TV Everywhere represents alternative -- and possible threat -- to popular Hulu model Some of Time Warner 's content will remain on Hulu.com
New York  CNN  -- Rafael Nadal had a scary moment Sunday when he slumped over in pain during a news conference following his third-round match at the U.S. Open in New York . The 25-year-old Spaniard -- the No. 2 in the world -- leaned his head back in the middle of the news conference , breathing heavily and grimacing in pain before slumping in his chair and lowering himself to the ground . Minutes later , he was on his feet again , smiling . Nadal attributed the pain to leg cramps after playing in hot , humid weather , according to the tournament 's website . "  I just have cramping in my leg . That 's all , " Nadal told CBS after the incident . "  I just have cramping in front and behind . That 's why  it  was so painful . " Nadal won the third-round match against David Nalbandian in straight sets . He next faces Gilles Muller in fourth-round play .	The No. 2 tennis player grimaces in pain after U.S. Open match He says it was because of leg cramps He won his third-round match Sunday in hot , humid weather
El Paso , Texas  CNN  -- On Monday , a U.S. Border Patrol officer shot and killed a 14-year-old boy , Sergio Adrian Hernandez Guereca , under one of the international bridges that connects or , these days , divides , El Paso , Texas , from Ciudad Jurez , Chihuahua . The boy lay dead on the Mexican side and the Border Patrol agent was removed from the scene by U.S. officials . American officials say it was a case of self-defense . Mexican authorities condemned the killing as the use of excessive force . The facts are still coming out , but based on the English and the Spanish news reports , it is easy to see that the two sides do not agree on the particulars , much less on their interpretation . To people across the two nations who see reports of the death on TV or in the papers , it 's a dramatic news story -- a boy with a bullet in his head and an agent under investigation . But here at the border , the scene , the actors , the act -- as if carefully choreographed , chosen and scripted -- read like an up-close metaphor for everything that is broken with our border and with immigration . At a basic level , the incident at the Black Bridge seems to reveal two nations moving ever further from acknowledging our inevitable common destiny . As the two countries face the economic call-and-response of illegal immigration and the drug trade , we seem to cast each other increasingly as enemies . In this context it becomes justified to deal with each other with violence : throwing rocks and shooting bullets . One could say that that boy represents the aspirations of many Mexican people because -- whether , as some reports have suggested , he intended to cross the border or as others have said , was being used as a decoy for others to make a run -- the spot where he died is known as a place where people try to cross illegally in search of work and a better life . At the same time , a dehumanization plays out at the border , where some lives are worth more than others -- a calculus that usually runs along wealth lines , as those with money can afford visas to cross over the bridge and the poor have to stay out or risk their lives by crossing under it . Additionally , the episode highlights the blunt instrument -- barriers and increased militarization -- that the United States has chosen to deal with the countries ' 2,000-mile border . Thousands of Border Patrol agents have been added in the past few years alone , and last month President Obama promised to send an additional 1,200 National Guard troops . An ineffectual fence stretches in fits and starts along about 30 percent of the border ; it has been breached thousands of times , according to the Government Accountability Office , and costs thousands more to patch . More fences , more walls , more armored vehicles and the National Guard , more helicopters and drones , more sensors and infrared goggles , more cameras and guns , and thousands of increasingly armed agents are all part of the border 's choreography . From October 1 through May 31 , Custom and Border Protection agents have used their firearms 31 times , a spokesman told CNN . In these circumstances , it is only a matter of time before more deaths occur . In this incident lies the inability of the Mexican authorities to protect their people and the apparently questionable practices of our own Border Patrol , which , for one thing , sends bike-patrol officers to a well-known trouble spot and for another seems unclear about whether they can or can not shoot across the borderline . Neither side seems to believe that we deserve much more than these poorly pieced-together strategies , which reflect failures of both the Obama and the Caldern administrations . Mr. Caldern has been unable to face squarely the inequalities of his people : More than one in three Mexicans would leave the country and move in search of a better life , according to data collected for a Pew Global Attitudes Project report . And the event speaks to the political inability of President Obama to coax Congress toward immigration reform -- to include an orderly flow of low-skilled workers , easing the pressure on the border itself and thereby acknowledging the continued integration of the two countries ' labor markets . Now a Border Patrol officer will have to live with the idea of having cut short the life of a young boy whose death , regardless of what he was doing at the bridge , means pain and sorrow for a family likely under the stress of 30 months of outrageous drug-related violence in Ciudad Jurez . It is mindboggling to think that $ 50 billion a year in trade makes its way back and forth over the bridges that divide El Paso and Jurez , but bullets and rocks are now traded right under them . So , we have to ask : Is that what we want the future of our border to be ? An incident such as this should not spur us to finger pointing but to acknowledging that we have a problem ; that we desperately need to sit down to order and shape our interactions and take joint control of our future . If we forget or justify this incident , we will be condemning ourselves to many more like it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tony Payan .	Tony Payan says shooting of a teen by U.S. border agent is metaphor for broken system As U.S.-Mexico grapple with immigration , drugs , they begin to face each other as enemies Increased militarization at border does n't help , but feeds potential for violence , he says Payan : Is this what we want for border ? Countries must tackle immigration , border policies
CNN  -- Not everyone gets it . But for some of us , travel is best expressed through celebration . We prefer to exchange culture over the clinking of glasses and between the flashes of strobe lights . Conversations punctuated by "  Prost ! " and "  Salud ! " show us more than any guidebook . I view myself as a kind of international nightlife connoisseur . As an entrepreneur , author and all-around life enthusiast , I 've been around the world many times over . And of everyone I know , I feel the most qualified to throw an absurd list like this together . Each city is judged on four criteria , each given a score from one-to-10 1 . Hours . How late each night and how many nights per week is the party good ? 2 . People . Is it a good crowd -- cosmopolitan , friendly and , yes , good looking ? 3 . Music . Judged on quality and variety offered in each city . 4 . Experience . How likely you are to have an experience that you 'll still be telling your friends about a decade from now . I 'm embarrassed to admit how much time I spent on this list  seriously , there was an Excel spreadsheet involved  , but I finally narrowed it to 10 cities and I 'm confident with the end result . First , my honorary mentions : Hong Kong , Sydney , Miami , Stockholm , Tokyo and Tel Aviv . My apologies party people , but the competition was stiff . 10 . Bangkok Hours : 7 People : 5 Music : 5 Experience : 10 Total : 27 A lot of travelers continue to pass through Bangkok not realizing there 's more to it than the seedy dregs of Soi Cowboy , or the backpacker haven of Khao San Road . Bangkok has developed a vibrant and classy side as the city has become more cosmopolitan . Whether it 's a series of gorgeous rooftop hotel bars downtown , rock bars near Ratchathewi , dance clubs just off Sukhumvit or trendy pubs in Thlonglor and Ekamai , there 's legitimate , quality adventure to be had . Best place to mingle with the locals : The young kids prefer RCA , while many of the city 's beautiful people are drawn to the clubs on Sukhumvit Soi 11 or upscale Ku De Ta , among others . 9 . Buenos Aires Hours : 9 People : 7 Music : 6 Experience : 7 Total : 29 "  The Paris of the South " puts a New World spin on the insane Spanish practice of eating dinner at midnight and then dancing until dawn . While living there , I remember trying to go home as the sun came up and an Argentinian friend telling me she wanted to go to an after-party instead . It was eight in the morning . On a Wednesday . Although not as affordable as it used to be , Buenos Aires is still a relative bargain among major world cities . The locals love good rock music , too . Best itinerary : Start with the calmer bars of Recoleta and work your way up to the taverns of Palermo Hollywood . There 's no rush , believe me . 8 . Las Vegas Hours : 8 People : 8 Music : 6 Experience : 9 Total : 31 A staple . No nightlife list would be complete without it . Sin City has something for everybody , from NBA power forwards blowing their signing bonuses to middle-agers gambling their way through a midlife crisis . I tend to stick to the southern end of the strip -- Marquee , XS , Tao -- but it 's hard to have a bad night out in Vegas . Best place to waste your life savings and love every second of it : XS in the Encore . Get to this nightclub early or suffer through the two-hour line . 7 . Montreal Hours : 8 People : 8 Music : 8 Experience : 8 Total : 32 Montreal is the undiscovered party gem of North America . Beautiful , friendly people , all night dancing to a wide variety of music . And , of course , the summer festivals . Obvious tip , but still good to keep in mind : Do n't go in winter . Best place to learn why the French do it better : Wood 35 . Good drinks , good food . 6 . Barcelona Hours : 9 People : 8 Music : 8 Experience : 7 Total : 32 The first rule of Barcelona is that you do n't stay on Las Ramblas . The second rule of Barcelona is that you do n't stay on Las Ramblas . Guidebooks and pub crawls funnel the least savvy visitors there . Other parts of the city are far more interesting at night . Well , early morning . Clubs do n't get going until well past 1 a.m. each day . Most of the top clubs are scattered throughout the northern part of the city . Best place to wake up early for : Row 14 . Does n't get going until 6 a.m. 5 . London Hours : 9 People : 6 Music : 10 Experience : 7 Total : 32 The world epicenter of corner pubs touts some of the ritziest and most prestigious nightclubs in the world . You can enjoy fantastic music almost any night of the week here . And there will always be the pubs . Best place to suffer local pretension : Chinawhite . Tell them you know a promoter named Becker even though you do n't . You might get in . 4 . Sao Paulo , Brazil Hours : 9 People : 9 Music : 7 Experience : 8 Total : 33 Sao Paulo is the dark horse on this list . Often overshadowed by its more beautiful and glamorous sister , Rio de Janeiro , Sao Paulo is actually the cultural hub of Brazil . The city 's glory is n't apparent upon arrival . The place is n't beautiful . But dig into the sprawling concrete mass and you 'll find greater diversity and intensity on a nightly basis than almost any other place in the world . Best place to dance with a hot Brazilian until he/she has to go straight to work : D-Edge on a Thursday after 1 a.m. 3 . New York City Hours : 7 People : 10 Music : 9 Experience : 8 Total : 34 Although it 's not true that the "  city never sleeps "  it 's usually done by 3 or 4 a.m.  , New York City scores big simply because it offers something for everybody on any night of the week . Warehouse parties in Brooklyn , mega-clubs in Meatpacking , trendy hipster joints in the East Village , hotel lounges , college bars , indie rock shows , loft parties , hip hop and jazz , heavy metal and opera -- there 's almost no limit to the ways this city entertains you . Best place to buy a single drink for more than you spend on some nights out : Meatpacking District . Bring a credit card . 2 . Berlin Hours : 10 People : 6 Music : 10 Experience : 9 Total : 35 If a city 's mental health was determined by how many hours of the week its clubs were n't active , Berlin would be a lunatic in a straightjacket , repeatedly slamming its head against a padded wall . Witness : walking out of a venue at 9 a.m. on a Sunday to find that there 's still a line to get in ; a club with beds installed on its bottom floor so patrons can sleep without the inconvenience of having to leave ; ceilings made completely of LED lights ; a swimming pool next to the dance floor ; bouncers with face tattoos . Best place  s  to experience the big-club vibe : Berghaim . If you ca n't get in  it 's random  , then Watergate . 1 . Ibiza , Spain Hours : 10 People : 9 Music : 9 Experience : 9 Total : 37 Every party hound must make a pilgrimage to Ibiza at least once . The venues are n't as much clubs as they are life experiences . Nowhere else have I seen a wind tunnel built into a dance floor or parade floats and foam dropped from the ceiling like it 's the Fourth of July indoors . In Ibiza , you do beach parties during the day , hotel bars in the evening and dance to the best DJs in the world all night . Sleep not recommended . Best place to have an out-of-body techno experience : The clubs in Ibiza Town  rather than San Antonio  are worth the extra expense . Tell us about your own favorite party cities in the comments . Originally published November 2012 , updated September 2014 . Mark Manson is an author and entrepreneur .	Many travelers pass through Bangkok not realizing there 's more to it than the seedy areas The first rule of Barcelona is that you do n't stay on Las Ramblas Ibiza is a nightclub mecca and every party hound must make a pilgrimage there at least once
CNN  -- A passenger aboard the British-based cruise ship MS Marco Polo was killed after the ship was hit by a "  freak wave during adverse sea conditions " as it made its way into the English Channel , according to a statement released Friday by the ship 's owner , Cruise & Maritime Voyages . "  One elderly passenger has died and a further passenger has been airlifted for further shore-side medical assistance , " it said . The cruise line did not release the identity nor nationality of the dead passenger . The ship was en route from the Azores to its home port in Tilbury , England , and it was carrying 735 passengers and 349 crew members , the cruise line said . The passengers are primarily British , it said . The cruise line did not reveal the condition of the injured passenger or say whether there were other injuries . A man whose mother and father are aboard the Marco Polo said he first learned of the incident when his parents texted him . They said a large wave hit the side of the ship between 1 p.m. and 2 p.m. local time as they were dining in one of the ship 's restaurants , said the man , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity citing concern over a possible backlash against his parents . When the wave hit , the windows in the restaurant burst and people were injured , the man said . Passengers were asked to the go their rooms , and the man said his parents did that as the ship rocked side to side . The ship never lost power , he said . The ship is scheduled to arrive in Tilbury on Sunday , he said . In November : Passenger intentionally went overboard Florida boy , 6 , drowns in cruise ship pool CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	MS Marco Polo was entering the English Channel when it was hit , the cruise line said One elderly passenger died and another was airlifted off the ship , it said The ship was en route from the Azores to its home port of Tilbury , England
China has no wine-making tradition but the country now uncorks more bottles of red than any other . It 's home to a growing middle-class thirsty for new tastes , international vintners trying to win their share of the market and Chinese winemakers working to find their own identity . Here , four wine experts , who appear on the latest episode of CNN 's On China show that airs this week , examine some of the myths that have grown up about wine drinking in China . Myth ? Chinese do n't know much about wine Fongyee Walker , co-founder of Beijing-based Dragon Phoenix Wine Consulting , says that when she first started educating people about wine , her students were focused on a narrow selection of premium red wines . "  They talked about Bordeaux of course and some talked about Burgundy , " she tells CNN 's On China . "  Now I have students arrive in class and they say , ` Well I 've heard about prosecco and I love drinking it . ' Or ' I really like New Zealand sauvignon blanc , it 's a very exciting drink , I love it in the summer . ' " "  The sustainable ' I love wine ' section of the market is still small but we have an appreciable number , " she says . Myth ? China does n't have the right conditions to produce good wine Judy Chan , chief executive of Grace Vineyard in Shanxi province that produces 400,000 bottles of wine a year , says China is not an easy place to grow grapes , with summer rains and winter frosts . And in most grape-growing areas , vines have to be buried under the soil during winter . "  This restricts our growing season -- we usually bury the vine in November and unearth in early April -- and not to mention the cost incurred as a result , " she says . What 's more , she adds , given that China does n't have a long wine-making tradition , it 's hard to know which grape variety is best suited to each region . But despite these challenges , Chan is confident of her product . "  After 17 years of experiment , I think we can make very decent wine . " Myth ? People do n't drink the wine they buy Historically , many Chinese did n't actually drink the wine they bought , says Simon Zhou , founder of wine distributor Ruby Red Fine Wine . Instead , bottles of premium Bordeaux costing hundreds if not thousands of dollars were intended to impress as lavish gifts but this custom has come under scrutiny as part of a government anti-corruption campaign . "  There was a lot of gift giving six , seven , 10 years ago , " he says . "  Today , that market is not as important as it used to be . " More often , he says "  it 's about friends , it 's about getting together with a group of people to share the experience of wine . " Although he adds that it 's still rare to find people who drink a glass of wine by themselves or a husband and wife sharing a bottle at home . Myth ? Chinese like to mix their wine with cola There 's an often-shared notion that the Chinese wine drinker buys a bottle of Bordeaux and mixes it with Coca-Cola . Is this fact or urban legend ? Twenty years ago , it might have happened , says wine consultant Walker , but it 's a thing of the past and Chinese palates are increasingly sophisticated . "  To be honest , if you look at most of the wine they were probably drinking 20 years ago , I 'd mix it with coke , " she says . Myth ? China will never produce a truly top tier world class wine Janice Robinson , wine writer for the Financial Times , says when she first visited China in 2002 the wine industry was in an "  embryonic state " and local enthusiasts came up with just two names when she asked for recommendations . "  Now it would be closer to 200 , I expect . " But she says she 's never tasted a Chinese wine that she would term "  extraordinary . " "  I have opened Chinese wine at home just to share with friends who are curious , " she says . "  But I have n't yet found a Chinese wine that would be worth , on its own merits , serving at my dinner table , I 'm afraid . But I 'm sure it will happen . "	Wine experts examine some of the myths about wine drinking in China China has no wine-making tradition but is now the world 's largest market for red wine They say tastes are growing more sophisticated , with wine drinkers exploring new flavors China is developing its own wines although climate and soil conditions are tough
Author Harper Lee has not published a novel in more than a half-century , but her words in federal court seek to protect the 87-year-old 's best-known intellectual property , "  To Kill a Mockingbird . " The Alabama writer has sued her hometown Monroe County Heritage Museum for trademark infringement , saying it is illegally using her fame for its own gain . "  The museum seeks to profit from the unauthorized use of the protected names and trademarks of ` Harper Lee ' and ` To Kill a Mockingbird . ' It is a substantial business that generated over $ 500,000 in revenue for 2011 , the last year for which figures are available , " said the lawsuit filed last week . "  But its actual work does not touch upon history . Rather , its primary mission is to trade upon the fictional story , settings and characters that Harper Lee created . " The reclusive author still lives in the county , about 105 miles from Montgomery in the southern part of the state . It was the inspiration for the fictional Maycomb County . Set in the segregated South , the 1960 novel -- the only one Lee wrote -- won a Pulitzer Prize and was made into an Academy Award-winning movie . It deals with a local attorney 's relationship with his children and his community as he defends an African-American man accused of raping a white woman during the Jim Crow 1930s . Its themes of racial injustice and waning innocence , grounded in characters possessing courage and tolerance , have inspired millions of readers . The museum fully acknowledges its most famous resident . Its website is www.tokillamockingbird.com and says it "  maintains and operates six historic sites in Monroe County , Ala. , that collectively interpret the area 's rich history , " including "  the literary legacy of  fellow author  Truman Capote and Harper Lee , " who were childhood friends . A gift shop -- called the Bird 's Nest -- sells memorabilia , T-shirts , even cookware about the book , and the museum stages a "  To Kill a Mockingbird " play each spring . An attorney for the facility strongly denied Lee 's allegations . "  Every single statement in the lawsuit is either false , meritless , or both , " said Matthew Goforth , a Birmingham-based attorney hired for the museum . "  It is sad that Harper Lee 's greedy handlers have seen fit to attack the non-profit museum in her hometown that has been honoring her legacy and the town 's rich history associated with that legacy for over 20 years . Unfortunately for Harper Lee , those handlers are doing nothing but squandering her money with this lawsuit . The museum is squarely within its rights to carry out its mission as it always has . " Lee in her lawsuit acknowledged the novel 's impact in her community . "  The town 's desire to capitalize upon the fame of ` To Kill a Mockingbird ' is unmistakable : Monroeville 's town logo features an image of a mockingbird and the cupola of the Old County Courthouse , which was the setting for the dramatic trial in ` To Kill a Mockingbird . ' " Her lawyers said they had earlier attempted to stop the museum from any unauthorized commercial use of the novel , and claimed it tried to block her federal registration of the "  To Kill a Mockingbird " trademark . "  Historical facts belong to the world , but fiction and trademarks are protected by law , " the lawsuit says . Nelle Harper Lee -- her full name -- separately settled a lawsuit last month in which she claimed she was "  duped " into signing over the copyright to her book six years ago . Her current lawsuit says the novel still sells about a million copies a year . The current case is Lee v. Monroe County Heritage Museum , Inc.  1:13 - cv-490  .	Harper Lee sues Monroe County Heritage Museum in her hometown "  The museum seeks to profit from the unauthorized use of ... trademarks , " the suit says It says the museum 's "  primary mission " is to "  trade upon " the story she created The museum 's attorney lambastes "  Harper Lee 's greedy handlers "
CNN  Blues legend B.B. King was hospitalized for dehydration , though the ailment did n't keep him out for long . King 's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes , but he "  is much better , " his daughter , Claudette King , told the Los Angeles Times . The legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns . "  I 'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today , " King said in a message Tuesday . Angela Moore , a publicist for Claudette King , said later in the day that he was back home resting and enjoying time with his grandchildren . "  He was struggling before , and he is a trouper , " Moore said . "  He was n't going to let his fans down . " No more information on King 's condition or where he was hospitalized was immediately available . B.B. is short for Blues Boy , part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey , the Beale Street Blues Boy . He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 , and has 30 Grammy nominations . King , 89 , has used various models of Gibson guitars over the years , and named each one of them Lucille . In the 1980s , Gibson officially dropped the model number on the guitar he used last and most . It became a custom-made signature model named Lucille , manufactured exclusively for the "  King of the Blues . " Some of his hits include "  The Thrill Is Gone , " which won him his first Grammy in 1970 , "  There Must be a Better World Somewhere " and "  When Love Comes to Town , " a collaboration with U2 . Last year , the bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a show in Chicago , forcing him to cancel the remainder of his tour . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	B.B King is now out of the hospital and back at home Bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a 2014 show in Chicago B.B. is short for Blues Boy , part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey
CNN  -- Four years ago , Beth Cirami walked into Malissa Booth 's tattoo shop , mournful and anxious . Her brother had just died of leukemia , and she wanted something to remember him by . She 'd gone to other tattoo shops in the St. Louis area and when she tried to explain her story -- why she was getting her first tattoo at age 37 , what it meant to her -- it felt like no one listened . They told her to flip through a book and pick a drawing she liked ; it just did n't feel right . "  This was a very personal piece for me . I needed that work of art , " Cirami said . She had heard about Booth 's shop , Madame Voodoo 's House of Ink in Warrenton , Missouri , and decided to stop by . She told Booth that her brother died at age 45 , and she wanted to honor him in some way . Cirami left Booth 's shop with a pinstripe tattoo adorned with the initials of her children and a picture of a heart glass her brother gave her before he passed away . It was exactly what she wanted . "  She had that sensitivity to that reason why most people get tattoos . It is a very secret and spiritual experience , " Cirami said . It 's the kind of experience on which Booth built her business -- a family-friendly tattoo shop she opened five years ago , hoping it would feel welcoming to everybody . "  I wanted to take the smut and drama out of the image of a tattoo shop , " said Booth , 42 . "  I have children , and I did n't want to be embarrassed to bring my kids into my shop . " But Booth 's entrance into the tattooing world did n't start off easy . Long before Booth started dabbling with needles and inks , she managed a call center with more than 180 employees . The single mother of three teens rose quickly at her company , but when the travel industry hit a slump , jobs were cut left and right . After sleepless nights and stressful days of hoping she would stay employed , she found herself being escorted out of her building with her belongings packed in a cardboard box , while her boss told her she 'd be "  fine . " Suddenly , the years of stress , the long on-call hours felt like a waste . "  I was angry , angrier than I had ever been , " she recalls . "  I put everything I had into that job . " After sending out dozens of job applications and not hearing back , she decided to pay her ex-husband , a tattooist , a visit . She wanted to give tattooing a shot , maybe just as a part-time job until she found her next management gig . He was hesitant to help her . "  The life of a tattoo artist is one of feast or famine , " she said . "  He knew I had three kids to raise and that it would n't be stable income , but I insisted . So , he spent months making me draw . " At age 37 , she quickly learned she was a rarity in the business ; few middle-aged women were signing up to become tattoo artists . As an apprentice working among other artists -- all men -- she sometimes heard she was too "  soft " to be in the industry , or too old to start learning . While apprenticing at a shop in Warrenton , she met Michael Pease , a 30-year veteran of tattooing . Pease taught Booth how to draw lines and quick sketches , techniques tattoo artists use to ink their customers quickly , "  before they change their minds , " he jokes . Pease was impressed by Booth 's persistence , despite the negativity she heard from her male counterparts . "  There are a lot of guys who do n't like  female tattoo artists  , " he said . "  Art is a big egotistical thing , especially in the tattoo world . " After Booth apprenticed with him for a year , Pease encouraged her to take another step by purchasing a tattoo shop that was going on sale in Warrenton . "  If you meet her , you would understand why she would run a shop in this industry , " Pease said . "  With her background in management , she was perfect to run the books the legal way . A lot of shops half-ass the things they do . " And she had her own ideas about how a shop should look and feel . Booth remembered apprenticing at a tattoo shop in 2008 , looking up at pictures of half-naked women strung on the walls . It was n't the kind of place anyone could just walk into , she thought . As wearing tattoos was becoming mainstream $ " more than 14 % of people in the United States have tattoos -- Booth felt confident she could cater her business toward previously under-served clientele . "  I felt a need to create something more accommodating for women and anyone else that did n't want to feel like they were entering a shady establishment , " she said . In her shop , there are no photos of nude girls . Instead , there are colorful paintings of wildflowers , abstract shapes , and warped skulls , it 's reminiscent of Creole artwork hanging in the French Quarter of New Orleans , a place where Booth says she draws artistic inspiration . Although experts usually advise against tapping into your 401  k  , Booth cashed hers out , using $ 12,000 to buy the tattoo shop and new equipment . So far , she says , the bet has paid off . Booth says she has seen steady success since launching her shop in 2008 . She has n't replenished her 401  k  , but it 's among next year 's goals . "  My clientele ranges from 80-year-old women to leaders of churches and doctors and lawyers , " she said . "  I wanted to create a shop where anyone would feel safe and like family . " It 's that kind feel of that drew customers like Beth Cirami , who now refers others to the shop . "  It 's a very cherished thing , " Cirami said . "  Malissa really takes the time to produce something that is as special as the reason why you are getting it . " Booth says she 's on track to grow the business , and happier now than when she worked her corporate job . "  It was very hard going from being in careers where you are at the top of your game , winning awards of excellence , being the expert at things , to being a nobody that knew nothing , " she said . "  Tattooing  is not a job . It 's an adventure . I have no idea what each day brings and I like helping people , giving them beautiful works of art that they can be proud of . "	Mother of three Malissa Booth saw a need to open a family-friendly tattoo shop in her area . As tattoos become more mainstream , she wanted to create a welcoming space for people . She shared her story of how she entered the tattooing industry with CNN iReport .
London  CNN  -- Prince George will be christened on October 23 at the Chapel Royal , St. James 's Palace , his parents , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , announced Friday . The christening will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury , the Most Reverend Justin Welby . Prince George was born July 22 in London . His parents , Prince William and Catherine , have kept him out of the public eye since he left the hospital a day later . Media crews from around the world had spent days camped outside the hospital waiting to see the royal baby , who is the great-grandson of Queen Elizabeth II . The world got its first glimpse of George since then in family photographs released last month . They were taken by Catherine 's father , Michael Middleton , in the garden of his Berkshire home . The baby is third in line for the throne now occupied by the queen . Her son , Charles , would succeed her , followed by his oldest son , William . Catherine makes first public appearance since royal baby was born	Prince George will be christened on October 23 at the Chapel Royal , St. James 's Palace The Archbishop of Canterbury will officiate at the christening Prince George has not been seen in public since he left the hospital in July
CNN  -- On the morning of April 29 , 22 million Americans tuned in to watch Kate Middleton marry Prince William . The following week , the couple was on the cover of dozens of magazines , with people still poring over every detail of their royal "  I do 's . " But Kate 's turn as a bridal cover girl would be short-lived . Just three weeks later , reality star Kim Kardashian landed herself on the front of People magazine with a big ring  with a 20.5-carat diamond , for those keeping score  and the big news that she was engaged to NBA player Kris Humphries . And with that , the other wedding of the year was under way . Not convinced the Kardashian hoopla rivals the royals ? According to several of the countless paparazzi hoping to get a shot of her wedding this Saturday , a high-quality candid photograph of the bride in her wedding dress could sell for the same price as a 2012 Porsche Boxster . Kim , and her "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " co-stars/family members , will also have their own four-hour TV special -- yes , four hours -- to air on E! in two parts , on October 9 and 10 . "  Kim is our people 's princess , " Life & Style Weekly 's editor-in-chief Dan Wakeford said . "  People empathize with her . ... She 's gone through relationship struggles , battles with her weight . Things have n't always gone as planned . -LSB- We 're happy -RSB- to see her find her prince . " "  Weddings do incredibly well for magazines , " Wakeford said . "  We 'll look at a stranger 's wedding photos and enjoy them and find them extremely irresistible . " But , Wakeford and other editors agree , the fact that it 's Kim Kardashian 's wedding is an added bonus on the newsstand . Just look at Kim by the numbers : On Sunday night , 3.2 million viewers tuned in to watch the latest episode of E! 's "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . " And according to Women 's Wear Daily , Kardashian 's cover of Shape was the fitness magazine 's top seller for 2010 . She was W magazine 's second-highest and Allure 's third-highest-selling covers of the same year . Ipso facto , a cover shot of Kardashian 's wedding could be the holy grail of the weekly tabloid world , which is why Life & Style , US Weekly , OK ! and People all bid for rights to the exclusive story and photos , a source told CNN . People magazine nabbed the exclusive rights to the wedding photographs for an unknown amount , though figures ranging between $ 300,000 and $ 1 million have been reported . "  Exclusive wedding photos can go for a lot of money , " said Kelly Davis , a writer for celebrity photo site X17online.com . "  It 's so rare to get an exclusive -- so rare it 's almost accidental . " When there 's an exclusive deal in place , as there often is with Kardashian happenings -- Khloe 's wedding , Kourtney 's baby and now Kim 's nuptials -- the photos are more valuable . But , Davis says , they 're also harder to get . "  They 'll likely have tents -LSB- set up -RSB- -- everything will be covered , " she said . "  You have to hope that event planners have left holes in walkways and that you happen to catch them at the right moment . It 's a huge challenge . I would n't be surprised if no one gets a shot . " Davis added that depending on its quality , a photo of Kim on her big day could sell for more than $ 50,000 . If a magazine with an exclusive deal in place finds out that another photo agency has candid pictures , it might shell out big money to scoop them off the market , she added . "  It 's bad business to let a competing magazine run a candid shot . " Justin Smith , a sales manager at Fame Pictures , another photo news agency , says he 's not sure if they 're "  going to go up in the air " in a helicopter to cover the wedding . "  It will be a game-time decision , " he said , adding : "  When push comes to shove , it 's just not really worth it to shoot a grainy picture from hundreds of feet overhead and hope that you 're circling the mansion ... when Kim and Kris are kissing . " Jill Stempel , the New York bureau chief at WENN , said the agency will send a couple of photographers to cover the event , but they wo n't be in "  commando guerrilla army mode . " "  We 're sending a couple guys to get what they can , but we 're realistic in that we do n't feel it 's worth a huge outlay of money to try and bust that exclusive , " Stempel said , adding that talk of sending helicopters and a tank to cover the affair is a running joke in the office . "  It 's like a war . " Despite the fact that there was an exclusive deal in place for Khloe and Lamar Odom 's September 2009 nuptials -- which about 3 million people tuned in to watch -- the wedding was really easy to shoot , Stempel said . "  They all but red carpeted that wedding , " she said . At one point , she added , the entire wedding party took pictures from the top of a hill , making it really easy to shoot . Though , photographers agree , getting the perfect shot most likely wo n't be as easy this time around . "  If it 's tented , we ca n't shoot from the air . They 'll probably cover them when they 're walking . It will be a big game , " Stempel said . Magazines that do n't want to spend the money -LSB- on wedding photos -RSB- will probably just use a shot of -LSB- Kim -RSB- in a white dress from the red carpet , " she added . "  Half the people wo n't know the difference . "	Kardashian 's four-hour-long TV special will air on E! in two parts on October 9-10 Photographers : A high-quality photo of her in her dress could sell for more than $ 50,000 People nabbed the exclusive story and photos for an unknown amount
CNN  -- With his heroics at the U.S. Open in New York , Kei Nishikori has blazed a trail through history . Defying injury , an all-night marathon and several of the world 's best tennis players , he became the first Asian man to reach a Grand Slam singles final . The 24-year-old dredged up a seismic shock to dispatch world No. 1 Novak Djokovic on Saturday and even though he lost to Marin Cilic in Monday 's final , there 's surely more to come from Nishikori . "  We have been waiting such a long time for a star like this so this is a very big moment , " says Hitoshi Ko of Japan 's Smash Tennis magazine . If this suggests Japanese tennis history adds up to a barren wasteland , it does not tell the full story . While the post-1968 Open Era has produced consistent under-performance , the Land of the Rising Sun once enjoyed a golden age . The boom was sparked by an expatriate elite that adopted the game , known as a sport for gentlemen , on their travels in the early 20th century , particularly in England . The aristocrats went on to establish clubs and tournaments back home . Participation and standards climbed , and Japanese players became a serious force during the interwar years . Among the finest of these , Zenzo Shimizu reached the Wimbledon "  All comers ' final " of 1920 -- a match that would decide who took on the defending champion for that year 's title . In the prestigious grass-court tournament 's original format , the titleholder had to play just once . Shimizu lost in three close sets to American Bill Tilden , who would go on to beat Australian Gerald Patterson for the first of 10 grand slam titles in an illustrious career , but he had made his mark as a rising star . The Japanese established a national association the same year , which allowed them to enter the 1921 Davis Cup with a formidable two-man team of Shimizu and Ichiya Kumagae , a banker by trade once described as the "  best player in America " by the New York Times . He reached the semifinals of the 1918 U.S. Nationals and won silver medals in singles and doubles at the 1920 Olympics . The pair reeled off Davis Cup triumphs over Philippines , Belgium , India and Australia before eventually succumbing to the U.S. in the final . This remains Japan 's best performance in the prestigious competition and was a source of great national pride . A Japan Times article praised the "  tennis marvels ... doing as much to put Japan right before the world as all the diplomats put together . " The pair continued to enjoy success and were joined by fresh talent . Jiro Sato soared in a run of five grand slam semifinals in a little over two years . He beat legends of the game Jack Crawford and Fred Perry and seemed set to claim a top title . But Sato 's career ended tragically in 1934 when he leaped to his death from a ship after a Davis Cup defeat , leaving a note that expressed his shame . World War II marked the end of his nation 's ascendancy , ushering in a fallow period that would endure to the present day . After Japan had recovered enough to contemplate sport , tennis remained popular with aristocrats -- including the royal family and Crown Prince Akihito -- but public interest slipped away toward baseball and football , and the talent production line ceased . Through the professional era , male Japanese players barely troubled the top 100 , with Jun Kamiwazumi 's third-round performance at the 1973 U.S. Open among the highlights . It was not until the 1990s heyday of Shuzo Matsuoka that any respectability was restored . That period also witnessed the rise of a women 's star in Kimiko Date , who reached three grand slam semifinals and a high of fourth in the rankings before retiring . Since her comeback in 2008 she has added another WTA Tour title to her career haul , is the oldest player in the top 100 singles rankings and reached the women 's doubles semis in New York just over three weeks away from her 44th birthday . Matsuoka never passed a grand slam quarterfinal , but his contribution is being felt now . Nishikori calls him "  the first " successful Japanese men 's player , the only role model on his route to the top . Passing his hero 's ranking of 46 was Nishikori 's driving motivation until he attained it . Now , having entered the top 10 in May and breaking new ground every season , he could be launching a new golden era . Sponsors , publicity and funding have poured into the game off the back of Nishikori 's efforts . Public interest and attendances surged last year after he became the first home champion of the Japan Open since 1972 -- he won the title in October 2012 -- and peaked again this week due to his New York success . Not that Nishikori gets to see much of that , since he lives in Florida . Seven Japanese players are ranked in the men 's top 200 -- a record in the Open era -- though Nishikori is the only one in the top 100 . However , journalist Ko is not yet convinced the structure is in place for Japan to become an elite tennis nation . "  Kei grew up practicing at the  Nick Bollettieri  academy in Florida , " he said . "  I think we still do n't have enough players or quality coaches . Maybe more players should learn abroad . " Ko has no doubt that Nishikori 's run in New York represents Japan 's greatest moment in tennis and one of its greatest in any sport . The jubilation sweeping the country suggests he is right . At last , Soto and Shimizu have an heir to fulfil the nation 's dreams .	Kei Nishikori will play in his first grand slam inal at the U.S. Open on Monday He is the first Japanese male to reach Grand Slam final Nishikori is highest ranked Japanese man of Open Era , having broken top 10 His exploits have created a surge of interest in tennis back home
CNN  -- Shoe prints left behind at the scene of several church fires in east Texas , as well as surveillance tapes and witness accounts , led police to two men now charged in one blaze and suspected in a string of others , according to court documents . Jason Robert Bourque , 19 , and Daniel George McAllister , 21 , are charged with one count of arson each in connection with a February 8 fire at Dover Baptist Church in Tyler , Texas . The blaze was one of 10 church fires in east Texas this year . Nine have been ruled arson , and authorities have said they believe Bourque and McAllister are responsible for them . Both men appeared in court Monday in Tyler and are being held on $ 10 million bond . A federal law enforcement source told CNN that multiple pieces of evidence have been linked to one of the suspects through DNA , and that many of the fires were ignited the same way . A resident called 911 at 8:45 p.m. after seeing smoke rising from the sanctuary at Dover Baptist Church , according to probable cause affidavits . As firefighters battled the blaze , a second fire was reported at 9:44 p.m. at Clear Spring Missionary Baptist Church in Lindale , Texas , about 15 miles northwest of Tyler . At Dover Baptist , someone apparently kicked in a rear door and threw a rock through a window , according to the affidavits . A Red Wing brand boot print was found on the door . It 's the same brand of boot that authorities believe left prints at previous church fires and attempted church break-ins in three counties . A print from a Skechers shoe also was found at several fire and attempted break-in locations , the affidavits said . Police obtained a surveillance tape from a gas station near Dover Baptist , the documents said . "  Subsequent review of this video revealed individuals known ... as Jason Robert Bourque and Daniel George McAllister were present at said location close to the same time the fire at Dover Baptist Church was discovered . " A second surveillance tape , from a store near Clear Spring Missionary Baptist , shows someone police believe is Bourque walking inside at about 10:35 p.m. , according to the affidavit . Witnesses told police they saw a dark blue or purple four-door car parked next to the Clear Spring Church before the fire . A second sighting of such a car was reported on the same road where the church is located , the documents said . One witness said he saw the driver was a white male wearing a T-shirt and tried to flag him down , but the vehicle sped away . On February 11 , agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives contacted Bourque at his Lindale home , following up on a tip they received that he was involved in several of the church arsons , the affidavit said . Bourque agreed to talk with authorities , and they checked his blue 2008 Ford Focus , the documents said . The affidavits do not divulge what , if anything , Bourque told the agents . While agents were at Bourque 's home , his grandmother backed out of the garage and left the door open . The agents saw a muddy pair of Skechers shoes inside , the affidavit said . Agents believe the sole pattern on the shoes is consistent with the prints found near the churches . Authorities contacted a member of McAllister 's family , who told them he wears a size 13 or 14 boot , the documents said . A family member was shown a Red Wing boot and said the sole was the same as McAllister 's , except his boots were more worn . The relative took McAllister to the Greyhound Bus Station in Dallas , Texas , on February 10 where he purchased a one-way ticket to San Antonio , Texas , the affidavit said . McAllister was arrested in San Antonio . Authorities have given no information on a motive for the fires .	Jason Bourque , Daniel McAllister charged with arson in connection with church fire Authorities think they are responsible for other church blazes in east Texas Gas station surveillance tape shows men close to church 's at time of fire , court documents say Footprints also link suspect to churches
CNN  -- Bolstered by a new poll that shows him leading in Ohio and two other battleground states , President Barack Obama on Wednesday made his ninth campaign trip this year to the Buckeye State to attack Republican rival Mitt Romney 's tax plan as unfair to middle-class Americans . In Ohio , swing state politics have real-life impact Obama cited a report issued Wednesday by the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center that concluded Romney 's proposals for tax reform would end up providing large tax cuts to the very wealthy while increasing the tax burden on the lower and middle classes . "  He 's asking you to pay more so people like him can get a big tax cut , " Obama told more than 2,000 supporters in Mansfield , the first of two Ohio stops Wednesday . "  We do not need more tax cuts for folks who are already doing really well . " Romney 's campaign challenged the veracity of the study and blamed the president 's economic policies for a still-lagging economy . "  President Obama continues to tout liberal studies calling for more tax hikes and more government spending , " Romney spokesman Ryan Williams said in a statement . "  We 've been down that road before -- and it 's led us to 41 straight months of unemployment above 8 % . " Earlier , the Romney campaign launched a potentially risky ad challenging the Obama administration 's auto industry bailout , which is credited with saving General Motors and Chrysler . Romney Ohio ad hits Obama over auto bailout With just over three months until the November election , the race has become a contentious struggle to convince voters that the other guy will take the country in the wrong direction . The Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times poll released Wednesday showed Obama leading Romney in Ohio , Florida and Pennsylvania , all of which are among the eight or so battleground states vital to either candidate 's chances for winning . Poll : Obama over 50 % in Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania According to the survey , Obama holds a 50 % -44 % lead in Ohio and a 51 % -45 % lead in Florida , which are considered toss-ups in November . The president is ahead 53 % -42 % in Pennsylvania , which is rated "  leans Obama " on the CNN Electoral Map . "  If today were November 6 , President Barack Obama would sweep the key swing states of Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania and -- if history is any guide -- into a second term in the Oval Office , " wrote Peter A. Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute , in a statement accompanying the survey 's release . In a key finding that signaled possible trouble for Romney , the candidates were statistically even in all three states on the question of who would better handle the economy . Romney 's main campaign theme is that he is more experienced and better able to bring economic growth than Obama , and his attacks on the president 's economic policies have been relentless . Despite those attacks and unemployment above 8 % , Obama is neck-and-neck with the former Massachusetts governor on the issue cited by voters as the most important to them . Wendy Schiller , a political science professor at Brown University , said before Wednesday 's poll came out that the Romney campaign is "  betting on economic dissatisfaction " to defeat Obama . "  If that were true , Obama 's negatives would be much worse , " Schiller said . "  There 's obviously something else driving people 's support other than the economy . " Obama 's visit to Ohio showed the importance his campaign places on the state he won in 2008 over Republican candidate Sen. John McCain . At events in Mansfield and Akron , Obama delivered a modified version of his usual stump speech emphasizing the need to restore the American dream of equal opportunity for all willing to work for it , adding a section on the report by the Tax Policy Center set up by the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution . Study : Romney tax plan would shift burden toward poor Romney calls for 20 % cuts to today 's rates as well as eliminating the Alternative Minimum Tax and limiting current deductions , exemptions and credits available to top-level income earners . However , Romney has yet to say which specific tax breaks he plans to eliminate , and the Tax Policy Center report indicated the result of his plan would force the tax burden to shift toward lower - and middle-class Americans . Tax policy has become a central economic issue , with Congress deadlocked over proposals to extend most or all of the Bush-era tax cuts set to expire at the end of the year . Obama calls for extending the current rates under the tax cuts for income below $ 250,000 for families and $ 200,000 for individuals , while letting the rates on income above those figures rise to 1990s levels . "  If you 're fortunate enough to be in the other 2 % of Americans , all we 're asking you to do is contribute a little more , " Obama said Wednesday . "  This includes me , by the way . " Romney and Republicans want to extend all the Bush tax cuts for now to prevent any increase , with both sides calling for comprehensive tax reform after the election as part of necessary deficit reduction steps . The issue touches on the foundations of the nation 's political divide , with Republicans driven by their conservative base seeking to shrink government to reduce deficits while Democrats want a blend of spending cuts and more tax revenue in order to maintain what they consider essential services and entitlement programs . In its study , the Tax Policy Center did not score Romney 's plan directly , saying it lacked sufficient details . Instead , the center said Romney 's plan represented a number of Republican proposals . "  They found that if Gov. Romney wants to keep his word and pay for his plan , then he 'd have to cut tax breaks that middle-class families depend on , " Obama said , listing mortgage deductions and health care deductions as examples . "  That means the average middle-class family with children would be hit with a tax increase of more than $ 2,000 . " The president made clear that he was relying on the study for the analysis and details , saying , "  this was n't my staff ; this was n't something we did . " "  Folks making more than $ 3 million , the top one-tenth of one percent , would get a tax cut of a quarter of a million a year . Think about that , " Obama said . The Romney campaign argued that the analysis was flawed because it did not account for additional revenue that would result from a reduction in the corporate tax rate -- another part of Romney 's plan . "  Ignoring the growth effects of corporate tax reform discredits the Tax Policy Center immediately , " a Romney campaign representative said , adding , "  By not including the substantial growth effects of the corporate side  of  reforms , the entire study is based on flawed assumptions . " Also on Wednesday , the Romney campaign released a television ad that criticized Obama for the auto bailout . Titled "  Dream , " the spot features Al Zarzour , a car dealership owner from Lyndhurst , Ohio , saying that under the bailout measure , "  the dream ... that we worked so hard for was gone . " "  I received a letter from General Motors . They were suspending my credit line . We had 30-some employees that were out of work , " Zarzour says in the spot . Romney has argued the bailout was not the best solution to right the then-struggling auto industry , instead advocating a "  managed bankruptcy " process that he said is what ultimately happened . Jen Psaki , a spokeswoman for the Obama campaign , said the Romney ad was surprising , adding that the president 's actions on the auto industry saved 2,200 dealership jobs in Ohio alone . Obama 's campaign has also aired advertisements focused on the auto industry bailout , including one in which an autoworker explains how the bailout helped him . Romney and the Republican National Committee have paid $ 8.2 million for a week of ad time in eight battleground states , which a Republican source who tracks ad buys called the largest amount spent on behalf of Romney so far in the general election media campaign . Romney , RNC make largest weekly ad buy Last week , the RNC started spending some of the funds it is allowed to use to coordinate with the Romney campaign . This allows Romney 's campaign to avoid spending some of its money but stay on the air as the candidate faces millions of dollars of ads from the Obama re-election campaign . Romney campaign officials have routinely refused to discuss the specifics of its ad spending or where its commercials are running . According to CNN 's ad consultant Campaign Media Analysis Group/Kantar Media , the Romney ad talking about layoffs in the car industry is running in Ohio while a new biography spot with Romney touting his business background is up in Iowa . The Obama campaign and the Democratic National Committee , which started coordinating ad spending last week as well , bought $ 5.3 million of ad time in the same eight states between July 21 and August 3 , and a separate $ 3.5 million for commercials running for a week ending August 2 . Another new Romney ad Wednesday hammered Obama over unemployment and other economic problems , saying : "  Americans need a change . We need a new president . " Obama 's campaign responded to the ad by citing Romney 's opposition to the auto industry bailout . "  Let 's get this straight -- the very person who argued for the U.S. auto industry to go bankrupt , something that would have caused more than a million jobs lost and utter economic devastation in the Midwest , is now trying to attack the president on how it was handled ? " campaign spokeswoman Lis Smith said in a written statement . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley and CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Ashley Killough and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney 's campaign challenges a report on the candidate 's tax plan President Obama visits Ohio for the ninth time this year A new poll shows Obama ahead in Ohio and two other battleground states The Romney campaign launches a new ad criticizing the auto industry bailout
U.N. inspectors prepared to examine the site of a suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria on Monday , a strike a U.S. official said was all but certain was carried out by the embattled Syrian government . Rebel forces and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government have been blaming each other for Wednesday 's reported attack in a suburb of Damascus , which opposition members say killed hundreds . Gruesome video of the aftermath showed numerous bodies , including women and children . The U.S. official , who was not authorized to speak on the record , said the evidence pointing to government forces goes beyond images and open-source reporting from doctors and others . "  There is nothing credible to indicate that the rebels , either the Syrian National Council or even al-Nusra Front , have used chemical weapons , " the official said . "  Only the Assad regime is responsible for chemical weapons use . " The Syrian government has steadfastly denied its forces used chemical weapons outside Damascus or elsewhere and repeated the denial Sunday . But a second U.S. official said Sunday that tissue samples were collected from the scene in the hours and days after the August 21 attack . The official says the evidence was "  collected by multiple international sources " and was being analyzed in secure locations . The official would not say how the samples were collected or specify where the analysis was taking place . But with the United States and its allies warning of military action , Syria 's leading ally invoked the history of Western claims about Iraq urged Washington to avoid "  a reckless enterprise . " Russia 's Foreign Ministry said unilateral force that bypassed the United Nations would "  undermine international efforts to find a political and diplomatic solution to the Syrian conflict , lead to its further escalation and have an extremely destructive effect on what already is an explosive situation in the Middle East . " "  All this is reminiscent of events of 10 years ago in which , using false information that the Iraqis possessed weapons of mass destruction as a pretext and bypassing the United Nations , the United States launched a reckless enterprise with consequences that everyone is well aware of , " Foreign Ministry spokesman A.K. Lukashevich said in a written statement . The statement added : "  Our American and European partners should realize what catastrophic consequences such a policy would have for the region , for the Arab world , and for the entire Islamic world . " Syria agrees to stop shooting during U.N. inspection These developments came as a top Syrian official told CNN on Sunday that the government would allow U.N. inspectors full access to any site of a suspected chemical weapons attack . The agreement is effective immediately , Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al Mekdad said . The U.N. secretary-general 's office said inspectors hope to begin their investigation Monday at the suspected chemical attack site . The Syrian government has agreed to cease all hostilities as long as the U.N. inspectors are on the ground . Before Sunday , U.N. inspectors in Syria attempting to gather information were not allowed to visit the site of the recent attack . But one senior Obama administration official said the Syrian government 's announcement was too little , too late . "  If the Syrian government had nothing to hide and wanted to prove to the world that it had not used chemical weapons in this incident , it would have ceased its attacks on the area and granted immediate access to the U.N. -- five days ago , " the official said . "  At this juncture , the belated decision by the regime to grant access to the U.N. team is too late to be credible , including because the evidence available has been significantly corrupted as a result of the regime 's persistent shelling and other intentional actions over the last five days , " the official , who was not authorized to speak publicly , said in a statement . "  Based on the reported number of victims , reported symptoms of those who were killed or injured , witness accounts , and other facts gathered by open sources , the U.S. intelligence community , and international partners , there is very little doubt at this point that a chemical weapon was used by the Syrian regime against civilians in this incident . " The same senior Obama administration official said the United States is "  continuing to assess the facts so the president can make an informed decision about how to respond to this indiscriminate use of chemical weapons . " Last year , while discussing the situation in Syria , President Barack Obama said "  a red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized . " The Pentagon has sent four warships armed with cruise missiles to the region , and two key members of U.S. congressional foreign affairs panels said Sunday they expect the United States to strike Syria after reports of chemical weapons attacks in that country . On Friday , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the American military was providing Obama "  with options for all contingencies , and that requires positioning our forces -LSB- and -RSB- positioning our assets to be able to carry out whatever options the president might choose . " Jihadist group vows revenge Meanwhile , the jihadist group al-Nusra Front , which has ties to al Qaeda , vowed Sunday to avenge the suspected chemical attack by targeting villages populated by Syria 's Alawite minority , the sect to which al-Assad belongs . Competing claims on chemical weapons use in Syria An audio message posted on YouTube , purportedly from al-Nusra leader Abu Muhammad al-Joulani , accuses the Syrian regime of bombarding eastern Ghouta "  with tens of missiles " carrying a "  suffocating chemical agent , " killing "  hundreds of children , women and men . " "  We are announcing a series of revenge operations called ` An Eye for an Eye . ' Your Alawite villages will pay a very dear price for every chemical rocket that you 've launched against our people . " According to Syrian state-run television 's depiction of events , government forces came across the site of the gas attack when they entered the rebel stronghold of Jobar on the edge of Damascus . The bodies of some of those killed in the attack early Wednesday had been found there . Several of the soldiers were "  suffocating " from exposure to gases as they entered the city , according to state TV . "  It is believed that the terrorists have used chemical weapons in the area , " Syrian TV reported , citing an anonymous source . The government uses the term "  terrorists " to describe rebel forces . Broadcast video showed a room containing gas masks , gas canisters and other paraphernalia that could be used in a gas attack . The army said it uncovered the cache in a storage facility in Jobar . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the video . "  We said it from the first moment and , here , we assure again that we have never used chemical weapons  around Jobar  or any other region in any form whatsoever -- ... liquid , gas or whatever , " Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi said in an interview on Lebanese television . He blamed the rebels . Syria 's refugee children will be the ones to rebuild Opposition accusations The rebels say that government forces fired rockets into the heavily populated civilian area . Opposition spokesman Badr Jamous from the Syrian National Coalition claimed that some of the rockets delivered chemical payloads . More than 1,300 people were killed , most of them by gas , said Khaled al-Saleh , another spokesman for the group . Al-Saleh said that medical teams in the affected area had administered 25,000 shots of atropine -- a medication used to treat people exposed to the nerve gas sarin -- after the attack . Doctors Without Borders said three hospitals it supports in Syria 's Damascus governorate reported having received some 3,600 patients displaying neurotoxic symptoms last Wednesday morning . "  The reported symptoms of the patients , in addition to the epidemiological pattern of the events -- characterized by the massive influx of patients in a short period of time , the origin of the patients , and the contamination of medical and first aid workers -- strongly indicate mass exposure to a neurotoxic agent , " said Dr. Bart Janssens , director of operations . Video showed rows of bodies without apparent injury , as well as people suffering convulsions or who appeared to be struggling to breathe . CNN could not verify where or when the videos were recorded , and could not confirm the number of casualties . Opinion : Syria 's lost youth -- one million child refugees flee	U.N. inspectors will be allowed to visit scene of reported chemical attack , Syria says Syria 's government denies using chemical weapons U.S. official : "  Only the Assad regime is responsible for chemical weapons use " Russia says U.S. allegations remind it of Iraq war
CareerBuilder.com  -- Leadership is one of those nebulous terms -- you hear it all the time but it has various definitions . The traits that make up a good leader can vary depending on the organization , team , manager and work environment . Leadership can also vary in style -- are you someone who dictates the group and does n't listen to anyone else 's opinion ? Or do you lead with a more bureaucratic or democratic style ? "  Every leader has a particular style of leadership that is innate . However , the behaviors , attitudes or methods of delivery that are effective for one staff member may in fact be counterproductive for another , " says Michael Burke , account supervisor , MSR Communications , a public relations firm . "  Great leaders are aware of their own style and make the effort to learn how their style actually comes across to their team . They learn to flex their leadership style to individual team members so that they communicate and behave in ways that motivate and inspire . " Here is what five leadership professionals consider to be traits that make up a good leader : Rachael Fisher-Layne , vice president of media relations , JCPR , a public relations agency 1 . Honesty . Always do the honest thing . It makes employees feel like they know where they stand with you at all times . 2 . Focus . Know where you 're going and have a strong stated mission to lead people on . If you 're not sure , how can your people be sure ? You have to have strong focus and stay the course . 3 . Passion . Whatever it is , you must have passion for what you 're doing . Live , breathe , eat and sleep your mission . 4 . Respect . Not playing favorites with people and treating all people -- no matter what station in life , what class or what rank in the org chart -- the same . 5 . Excellent persuasion abilities . People have to believe in you and your credibility . Image is everything and the belief people have in you , your product , your mission , your facts or your reputation are key to being a great leader . You have to persuade people of this -- it does n't just happen . Darcy Eikenberg , a leadership and workplace coach , Red Cape Revolution 1 . Confidence . If you do n't believe in yourself , no one will . I hear leaders worrying that if they show too much confidence , others will think them arrogant . The reality is people want to know what you know for sure -- and what you do n't . Having the confidence to say "  I do n't know " is a powerful skill . 2 . Clarity . The only way you can get confidence is by becoming really , really clear about who you are and what is most important to you . New leaders fail when they try to become all things to all people , or try to do too much out of their area of excellence . Clarity helps you say "  yes " to the right things -- and "  no " to others . 3 . Care . The strongest , most effective leaders I 've met care not just about the business , but about the people in it and the people impacted by it . Plus , they show they care through their words and actions , even proving how they care for themselves and their family by taking unplugged vacations and continuing their own professional development . Care should n't be a four-letter word in our workplace today -- and the best leaders know it . Tom Armour , co-founder , High Return Selection , a recruitment firm 1 . Integrity . They are people who are respected and worth listening to . I find in general due to all of the economic difficulties , employees prioritize and seek leaders and organizations that are honest and meet their commitments . 2 . Compassion . Too many leaders these days manage with the balance sheet , often times at the expense of their employees and long-term customer relationships . Talented people want to work for leaders and organizations that truly care about their employees and the communities in which they operate . 3 . Shared vision and actions . People produce real business gains and smart people need to understand what is needed and be part of the solution . 4 . Engagement . Great business leaders are able to get all members of their teams engaged . They do this by offering them challenge , seeking their ideas and contributions and providing them with recognition for their contributions . 5 . Celebration . In today 's work environment , people are working very long hours and they need to take some time to celebrate their successes in order to recharge their batteries . Those leaders who fail to do this create burnout environment overtime . Mike Sprouse , CMO , Epic Media Group , and author of "  The Greatness Gap " 1 . Humility . True leaders have confidence but realize the point at which it becomes hubris . 2 . Empowering . True leaders make their associates feel emboldened and powerful , not diminished and powerless . 3 . Collaborative . True leaders solicit input and feedback from those around them so that everyone feels part of the process . 4 . Communicative . True leaders share their vision or strategy often with those around them . 5 . Fearlessness . True leaders are not afraid to take risks or make mistakes . True leaders make mistakes born from risk . Nancy Clark , author of "  18 Holes for Leadership " 1 . Genuine . You need to be clear on what your values are and must be consistent in applying them . As part of that , you need to have the courage to hold true to them . You must not lose sight of reality . Lost values may be one of the biggest causes of downfalls . 2 . Self-awareness . You need to be clear on what your strengths are and what complementary strengths you need from others . This includes understanding others and learning how best to utilize their strengths . Many unsophisticated leaders think everyone should be like them ; that too can cause their downfall . They surround themselves with people like them . "  Group think " can blindside them and cause failure . 3 . Leverage team strengths . Part of awareness is do n't expect people to change . If you think you can change someone , think again . This does n't mean you ca n't help them grow and develop . But do n't expect to change anyone  even yourself  behaviorally . We are who we are . Your job as a leader is to understand each person 's strengths and place them in positions where they can flourish and grow . If you are good at that , you have a huge part of the equation for success . 4 . Leadership transitions . Going from individual contributor to supervisor is only the first of many transitions along the leadership pipeline . You need to understand the business model , how it applies to your current position , what you need to do to provide the greatest value , and how to leverage your strengths at this level . This requires building competencies and focusing on the right things . No one ever tells you that there are many levels and many adjustments you need to make along the way . 5 . Supportive . You need to foster a positive environment that allows your team to flourish . Also by aligning the reward and recognition systems that best match your teams profile and deliver results . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Traits five leadership professionals consider to make a good leader Confidence is key , says a workplace coach . "  If you do n't believe in yourself , no one will . " Leaders are fearless , says author Mike Sprouse . "  True leaders are not afraid to take risks or make mistakes . "
New York  CNN  -- Authorities have arrested a man they claim was plotting to detonate pipe bombs in and around New York , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Sunday night . The intended targets of Jose Pimentel , 27 , were U.S. military personnel who had served in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as U.S. postal facilities and police in New York and Bayonne , New Jersey , according to Bloomberg and New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . The suspect was described by Bloomberg as an "  al Qaeda sympathizer , " though he is not believed to have ever worked with or received training from anyone in that terrorist organization . "  There is no evidence he worked with anyone else , " Bloomberg said . "  He appears to be ... a lone wolf . " The police commissioner identified the suspect as a follower of Anwar al-Awlaki , a radical American-born cleric who rose to become a top figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Pimental allegedly tried to contact al-Awlaki directly , but never got a response . An unemployed native of the Dominican Republican who is a U.S. citizen , Pimentel had lived most of his life in Manhattan , except for five years in Schenectady , New York . He 'd had been monitored by authorities since 2009 and his extreme positions "  made even some of his like-minded friends nervous , " said Kelly . The commissioner said that Pimentel even talked about changing his name to Osama Hussein -- in honor of his now deceased "  heroes , " long-time al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein . Last August , the suspect allegedly decided to carry out the bomb plot . He "  jacked up his speed " after September 30 , when al-Awlaki was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen , according to the police commissioner . After that strike , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula released a "  eulogy " in which it promised to "  retaliate soon " for the deaths of al-Awlaki and three others . That threat prompted the United States to issue a worldwide alert warning of such attacks . "  We knew for the last two years , he 's been reading a lot of jihadist information and talked a lot of inflammatory rhetoric , " Kelly said of Pimentel . "  But it appears at this juncture the death of Anwar al-Awlaki motivated him and made him increase his tempo . " Pimentel bought ingredients for the three bombs that he was working to make at Home Depot and other stores , mindful to shop around so as not to "  raise red flags , " according to the commissioner . He allegedly planned to test an explosive device in a mailbox before using it against other targets . His aim , the police commissioner said , was to show there were "  mujahedeen " -- or Islamic militants -- in the city ready to wage "  jihad . " He was arrested at 3:30 p.m. Saturday in an apartment in Washington Heights , a neighborhood in northern Manhattan , after he began to drill holes in the would-be pipe bomb , Kelly said . While authorities had monitored him for over two years , they decided to move quickly for fear that device may explode , according to the commissioner . "  Pimentel 's behavior morphed from simply talking about such acts to actions -- namely , bomb making , " said Kelly . The suspect allegedly learned how to make a pipe bomb after reading an article entitled "  How to make a bomb in the kitchen of your Mom " in Inspire , the al Qaeda terrorist network 's English-language online propaganda , recruiting and training magazine . The issue that came out just before al-Awlaki 's death , for instance , emphasized that al Qaeda supporters in the West should take matters into their own hands and launch attacks themselves . "  He was a reader of al Qaeda 's slick online magazine Inspire -- and inspire him it did , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said . "  His stated desire to attack our servicemen and women ... could have come from an al Qaeda playbook . " Vance said that his office and other New York authorities had long been "  in communication with federal authorities . " That said , Pimentel was arrested by state law enforcement agents and will be tried in New York courts . Specifically , the district attorney announced that his office filed charges Sunday against Pimentel for conspiring to build a bomb for terrorist purposes and possessing a bomb . Neither Bloomberg , Kelly nor Vance gave details on where Pimentel was being held or when he would appear in court . It could not be determined Sunday night whether Pimentel had retained an attorney . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Jose Pimentel bought bomb ingredients at Home Depot and elsewhere , police say NEW : The al Qaeda magazine he 'd read urged backers to take matters into their own hands Pimentel , 27 , is suspected of plotting to attack U.S. veterans , police and post offices "  There is no evidence he worked with anyone else , " Mayor Bloomberg says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Darryl Mathis waits in his Pensacola , Florida , home for the body of his 24-year-old son to return home from Iraq . Mathis , a military veteran himself , was seething with anger Thursday as he spoke about the death of Army Staff Sgt. Darris J. Dawson . An unnamed U.S. soldier is accused of killing Army Staff Sgt. Darris J. Dawson in Iraq on Sunday . Dawson , and Sgt. Wesley Durbin , 26 , are said to have been shot and killed by another U.S. soldier on Sunday at a base south of Baghdad . Darryl and his wife , Maxine  Dawson 's stepmother  , say the military has told them nothing about the incident : no details on his death , no information at all . His voice shakes as he says he believes that the military has let him down . "  I 'm very disappointed -- very , " he said . "  If I would get a straight answer , if they would actually tell me what 's going on , I would have something to work on ; but right now , I have nothing to work on . Everything I 'm getting , I 'm getting from the media . " His wife sobs as she says her stepson 's death was foreshadowed by a phone call he made to her from Iraq . "  He said that he was more shaky sometimes of the soldiers than of the enemy , because of the young guys over there . " She said she asked him , "  What in the world do you mean ? You 're afraid of your own soldiers ? " " ` These kids are trying to fight a war they know nothing about . ... They 're jumpy . ... They 're more scary than the enemy , ' " she said he told her . "  And I said , ` Oh , God , ' " said Maxine Mathis . On any given day , CNN receives dozens of detailed news releases from the U.S. military , including those announcing U.S. military casualties . In the cases of Dawson and Durbin , there was no mention of their names , and the releases were terse . "  A multi-national division center soldier died this morning of non-combat related causes , " the first release read . "  The cause of death is under investigation . " A second release came later in the day . "  A second multi-national division center soldier died this morning of non-combat related causes . The solider died of wounds September 14 at a coalition forces combat Army support hospital , " it read . "  The incident is under investigation . " Inquiries Thursday from CNN were met with a news release that a press officer said had been drafted Wednesday . However , the release had not been e-mailed to reporters Wednesday , as is customary . After naming the two soldiers and giving their rank and unit , it reads , "  A U.S. soldier is in custody in connection with the shooting deaths . He is being held in custody pending review by a military magistrate . The incident continues under investigation . " The release gives no other details . The U.S. military is classifying the death of Sgt. Dawson as "  non-hostile , " something Dawson 's father finds puzzling . "  I do n't know . I really do n't know , " he said . "  I just ca n't get it together with that . I had never heard that before . ` Non-hostile ' in a war zone ? " Lt. Col. Paul Swiergosz is a public affairs officer for the area in Iraq where the incident took place . He says the "  non-hostile " death classification was given "  because the deaths were not the result of hostile enemy action . " But details on what happened remain scarce . After asking , CNN received an e-mail press release from Gen. Tony Cucolo , commanding general of the Third Infantry Division that a press officer said had been drafted on Wednesday . The release , however , had not been e-mailed to reporters , as is customary . "  We do know one soldier , a fellow noncommissioned officer , allegedly opened fire and mortally wounded his squad leader and fellow team leader , " reads the statement . A spokesman at Fort Stewart in Georgia said , "  A soldier has been taken into custody . The incident is under investigation , and that is all I can say . " The spokesman would not even confirm information in his commanding general 's press statement . Maxine Mathis says she is stunned at how her stepson 's death has been handled by the military . She says the Army assigned someone to help the family with anything they needed once they found out Darris had been killed , but she and her husband do n't know how he died . She said her husband asked the liaison officer whether it was true that Darris had been killed by another U.S. solider . She said the officer denied it , insisting he did n't know anything else . Darryl Mathis continues to express his disappointment in the lack of information from the military about his son , amid rumors his son 's body could be home by Saturday . "  I do n't even know where he 's at , at this time , " he said . Bobby Muller , president of Veterans for America , said he thinks the way the military classifies deaths in Iraq is an attempt to keep the public combat numbers down . "  There is a clear and long-standing record , regarding the classification of causalities in Iraq to minimize combat losses . And we 're seeing people wounded and killed that would have well been considered casualties from hostile action in previous conflicts . It 's an attempt to conceal the actual cost of this war in terms of casualties , " Muller said . "  The Department of Defense has announced the death of every service member who has given their life in operation Iraqi and Enduring Freedom , " said a Pentagon spokesman , Col. Gary Keck . "  We have been open and transparent on the numbers of casualties suffered in these operations . " Mathis says his son wanted to come home to his wife and four young children and was in the process of applying for a transfer . "  Last I spoke to him was last week Monday . He called every Monday , and said he was checking his paperwork . He said he was going to call me back once he found out . That was the last I heard from him . " Mathis ' wife can not stop sobbing . "  We do n't know why , we do n't know why , " she says "  All we know is that our son died a useless , needless death . That 's all we know . " CNN 's Mike Mount and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Army Staff Sgt. Darris J. Dawson and another soldier were killed in Iraq this week Another U.S. soldier is being held in connection with the killings Dawson 's father says he ca n't get a "  straight answer " from the U.S. military The U.S. military has classified the death as "  non-hostile "
CNN  -- A day after four of Sen. John McCain 's top political strategists stepped down , the co-chairman of his Florida campaign was arrested Wednesday for allegedly offering an undercover police officer money for a sex act , Titusville police said . Florida state Rep. Bob Allen faces charges of solicitation for prostitution after he was arrested in a Titusville city park that had been under surveillance , police said . He allegedly offered an undercover police officer $ 20 for the unspecified act . His attorney , Philip Lupo of Titusville , said the charge was a second-degree misdemeanor . Allen told CNN affiliate WFTV the incident was "  a very big misunderstanding . " "  This is a very gross mistake , a very big mistake , " he said , adding that this is what the judicial system is for . Allen said he helped build the park , and was there looking around . At a late-afternoon press conference Thursday , Allen made a statement but took no questions . "  I am filing a not guilty plea . I am vigorously going to fight this , " he said . "  I am not resigning my office , because the people elected me -LSB- and -RSB- want me to do a good job and I am going to do a good job for them in finishing this term . ... "  This is an ugly and unpleasant situation that has been thrust upon me and my family that is not true , it is inaccurate and it is therefore not guilty . " There was no initial comment from the McCain campaign . In March , the McCain campaign issued a news release on its Florida leadership team , saying , "  Allen will serve as a House co-chair for Sen. McCain 's campaign . " Allen was elected to the Florida House in 2000 . His arrest comes a day after McCain 's campaign manager , Terry Nelson , and chief strategist , John Weaver , announced their departures in joint statements released by the campaign . McCain 's deputy campaign manager and political director also resigned this week . Earlier this week , U.S. Sen. David Vitter , the Southern regional chairman for Rudy Giuliani 's presidential campaign , was linked to the so-called D.C. Madam 's escort service . Vitter , a Louisiana Republican , said , "  This was a very serious sin in my past for which I am , of course , completely responsible . Several years ago , I asked for and received forgiveness from God and from my wife in confession and marriage counseling . " It was the second blow for Giuliani 's campaign . Last month , South Carolina Treasurer Thomas Ravenel , the state chairman for Giuliani 's campaign , was indicted on federal cocaine charges . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	Florida campaign co-chairman allegedly offered undercover cop $ 20 for sex State Rep. Bob Allen says he is innocent , will not resign from office Allen says he was merely looking around park he helped build Four top strategists resigned from McCain campaign a day earlier
CNN  -- When George Ferris unveiled the first Ferris wheel at the World 's Fair in Chicago in 1893 , it was meant to rival the engineering feat of Paris ' newly constructed 1,000-foot-plus Eiffel Tower . Now , more than 100 years later , New York City and Las Vegas are engaged in a contest with dueling plans to erect the world 's largest Ferris wheel . Developers in Las Vegas are building "  The Las Vegas High Roller , " a 550-foot Ferris wheel that will be the world 's tallest when it opens on the Vegas Strip in 2014 . Not to be bested , New York City officials gave the go ahead Wednesday to a proposal for 625-foot wheel in Staten Island , which developers hope will be completed by 2016 . "  The New York Wheel will be an attraction unlike any other in New York City -- even unlike any other on the planet , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg , an enthusiastic advocate , said in a news release . The wheel passed one of its final hurdles before it can begin construction when the New York City Planning Commission voted unanimously Wednesday for its approval . An affirmative vote by the City Council next month is all that is needed now for construction to begin . Meanwhile , the wheel in Las Vegas is already well underway . Caesars Entertainment , the company that is building the wheel , tells CNN it will accept its first riders "  early next year . " Caesars declined to comment on the proposed New York Wheel . Rich Marin , the CEO of New York Wheel LLC , insists there 's no bad blood . "  There 's no competitiveness . Our markets are very different , " he told CNN . When opened , both wheels would best Asia 's "  Singapore Flyer , " which at 541 feet is the largest wheel in operation . However , even they may not retain the title for long . Marin tells CNN the designer of his wheel is working on an even bigger one in Dubai . America 's most awesome boardwalks	Las Vegas is already constructing a 550-foot Ferris wheel for the Strip New York City plans to answer the challenge with a 625-foot wheel in Staten Island When opened , both wheels would best current champ "  Singapore Flyer " at 541 feet
CNN  -- A trial examining the New York Police Department 's stop-and-frisk policy headed to a judge Monday after attorneys delivered their closing arguments after nine weeks of testimony . The federal class-action lawsuit claims that police officers routinely stop minority men , particularly black and Latino men , without legal reasons . The police department says that the policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they consider suspicious -- is used to deter crime . The practice has been widely criticized . The lead plaintiff in the case is David Floyd , a medical student who was stopped twice , once in the middle of the afternoon when he was in front of his home in the Bronx , according to the suit , which was filed in 2008 . Closing arguments Monday were marked by conflicting accounts of stop-and-frisk incidents . For example , while attorneys for the City of New York argued that one man was stopped because he appeared to be smoking marijuana , the plaintiffs ' attorneys argued that he was simply talking on a cell phone . The Center for Constitutional Rights , a nonprofit civil rights law practice , is arguing on behalf of the plaintiffs . Another man was reportedly stopped because he fit the description of a wanted man in a high-crime area with a recent string of burglaries , but the plaintiffs ' attorneys argued that he was more than a mile from where the burglaries occurred and that the last burglary in that area occurred more than 25 days earlier . NYPD officers say they had stop-and-frisk quotas Additionally , while city attorneys argued that many of those patted down gave their consent to the officers , the plaintiffs ' lawyers countered by saying that none of the 12 witnesses who were stopped ever felt free to leave . Both sides argued that the accounts of events had changed since depositions were first taken . The nine weeks of testimony included secret recordings from officers ; statements from 41 police officials and 12 witnesses ; and expert opinions from criminal investigators . Testimonies included emotional accounts from men who say police stopped them for no reason and from police officers who say quotas forced them to make unnecessary stops . In the recordings , which were played in court by the plaintiffs ' lawyers , supervising officers can be heard saying they want "  more 250s , " referring to the form that officers fill out when they conduct a stop , question and frisk . City attorneys say that officers operate within the law , going where the crime is , and that crime happens to be higher in minority neighborhoods . During closing arguments , they contended that 88 % of stops are justified and that there have been no legitimate indications of racial motivations . They argued that the plaintiffs ' accounts of stop-and-frisk incidents were "  woefully lacking in substantive evidence " and "  failed to show a single constitutional violation . " Rather than quotas , the attorneys claimed , the department used performance goals , which are legitimate management tools . "  We need to have performance goals to keep the city safe , " said city attorney Heidi Grossman . Though 12 witnesses testified regarding a total of 19 stop-and-frisk incidents , city attorneys pointed out that in seven of the 19 stops , the officers could not be identified . NYPD report : Most are minorities "  No real conclusions can be drawn when only half of the story is told , " said Grossman . The lawsuit seeks to reform stop-and-frisk under the supervision of a court-appointed monitor . During their closing statements , the plaintiffs ' attorneys argued that "  the NYPD believes that race is a proxy for reasonable suspicion . " According to plaintiffs ' attorneys , the lawsuit is not about ending stop-and-frisk but examining how the police department conducts those stops and whether it stops blacks and Latinos in violation of the Constitution . Plaintiffs ' attorney Gretchen Hoff Varner told the court that over the past eight years , blacks and Latinos constituted 85 % of the people stopped , though 90 % of those stopped were neither arrested nor given a court summons . Only 1 % resulted in the recovery of a weapon and 0.14 % resulted in the recovery of a gun . "  Clearly the NYPD is n't stopping the right people to get guns off the street , " Hoff Varner said . However , Grossman noted that reasonable suspicion can still occur even if no gun is found . Plaintiffs ' attorneys maintained that police officers feel pressure to stop and frisk to meet supervisor demands , which consequently results in the unlawful and unjustified stopping of New York City residents . "  They stopped first and invented reasons later , " Hoff Varner said . According to the New York Civil Liberties Union , the police department logged its 5 millionth stop-and-frisk under Mayor Michael Bloomberg in March . Attorneys will be given approximately three weeks to submit any additional paperwork . U.S. District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin did not specify when she expected to reach a decision , except that it would be "  prompt . " Changed outlined NYPD 's ` stop , question , frisk ' policy CNN 's Marina Carver contributed to this report .	Federal trial testing NYPD 's "  stop-and-frisk " policy hears closing arguments Plaintiffs say the policy fell disproportionately on black and Latino men The city says the policy helps to deter crime and is not racially biased The U.S. district judge says her decision will be "  prompt "
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has refused to be drawn over speculation on the future of Felipe Massa at the legendary Formula One marque . While Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso leads the standings after six races with 73 points , his Brazilian teammate Massa , whose contract with the Italian team runs until the end of 2012 , is back in 14th place having picked up just 10 points this season . Massa has struggled for form after fracturing his skull during qualifying at the Hungary Grand Prix in 2009 . "  In this moment my concentration is everywhere except the drivers , " Di Montezemolo told CNN in answer to a question whether Ferrari were looking at new drivers . "  It 's too early in the season and we will see after that . " Alonso : F1 runs risk of losing credibility However the Ferrari chief did make a point of praising Massa 's performance at the Monaco Grand Prix when the Brazilian finished sixth . "  I 'm pleased to see Felipe Massa did a very good race weekend in Monte Carlo , " said di Montezemolo . "  Because the more the car has improved , the less difficult it is to drive and good for Felipe . I count on him to take off points for Fernando 's competitors . " By way of contrast the Ferrari president was fulsome in his praise of Alonso . "  I think I have the best driver in the world that is Alonso , said Di Montezemolo . "  Alonso , particularly in the races has been fantastic and I like his attitude to work very closely with the team as Michael Schumacher was able to do . "  Alonso is a driver with attention to the details but most of all what I like about him is that he is always positive - even in the difficult moments he is always positive . This is very important for the psychological attitude and psychological reaction of the team , this is what I like the most . " The scenario of the Scuderia leading the drivers ' standings after six races seemed unlikely at the start of this season , when Alonso and his Italian team publicly doubted the race pace of the two Ferraris . "  Now we are in the lead of the championship , it 's only up to us to win the championship , " added di Montezemolo . "  So each of us has to look at the pole position of our jobs , to be perfect , to improve , to look inside ourselves what we can do to improve because in a competition in which you can win or lose for half of a tenth of a second - you have to perfect , in the start and in the pit stop . "	Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo will look at team 's drivers at the end of season Di Montezemolo praises Felipe Massa 's performance at Monaco Grand Grix Ferrari chief describes Fernando Alonso as the "  best driver in the world " Di Montezemolo : "  Now we are in the lead . . it 's only up to us to win the championship "
CNN  -- If you 're walking along the east African coast and chance upon a herd of brightly-striped elephants , flame-hued rhinos and a tower of crazily-colored giraffes , then do n't panic , you 're not hallucinating -- and neither have you stumbled on a psychedelic new species , sorry . No , in fact this is the vibrant kingdom of skilful artisans where harmful waste is transformed into a colorful bliss -- one flip-flop at a time . Ocean Sole is a Kenyan recycling company that 's crafting whimsical pieces of art and fashion from discarded flip-flops and other plastic junk -- piles of rubbish that wash up on Kenya 's sandy beaches . Read this : Old boat sails turned into uplifting art Inside its Nairobi-based workshop , reclaimed old sandals and other polluting pieces of rubber are fashioned into handmade animal toys , eye-popping curtains , intricate necklaces and even life-size sculptures . The playful creations are sold locally as well as in dozens of zoos , aquariums and stores in some 20 countries across the wold . "  It 's a trade-based solution to the global problem of marine pollution , " says Julie Church , the co-founder of Ocean Sole . "  It gets people to think about the ocean and links them to waterways -- and we 're doing it through business . " Environmental threat Like in many other developing countries , flip-flops are the footwear of choice for millions of people in Kenya . Affordable and convenient , they are worn by both children and adults alike , as well as by scores of tourists visiting the white sand beaches in east Africa . But once the sandals ' walking life comes to an end , the ubiquitous footwear often embarks on another , more harmful , journey . Masses of broken rubber flip-flops dumped in cities and villages are carried by sewage systems , rivers and other waterways into Kenyan coastlines every year . At the same time , countless of non-degradable flip-flops and other plastic waste ends up on the same shores , brought there by powerful currents from places as far away as China and Indonesia . Read this : Artist 's spectacular glasses ` give trash a second chance ' The flotsam and jetsam do not only spoil the natural beauty of the environment but are also a major hazard to the wildlife living there . "  Pollution in all our waterways is a big problem , " says Church , who was born and raised in Kenya . "  Rivers are clogged up with plastic and rubber and everything else , " she adds . "  When people say that the ocean is plastic soup , it really is , because plastic does n't go away -- it just breaks down to smaller and smaller parts . Fish , whales , sharks are digesting that plastic and sooner or later that 's going to work its way into our food chain . " Trade , not aid The inspiration for Ocean Sole came in 1997 when Church , a marine conservationist at the time , started working in a sea turtle preservation project on the remote island of Kiwayu near the Kenya-Somalia border . Whilst there , Church was shocked to find beautiful beaches strewn with a myriad of plastic objects that damaged the environment and obstructed the turtles from reaching their nesting sites . But , with curious fascination , Church also watched how local children used this marine debris -- cast-off flip-flops and other junk they 'd found by the sea -- to create their own toys to play with . This triggered a thought on Church 's mind : What if she could launch a project that would help clean the beaches and also boost development in the community ? Inspired by the children 's makeshift creations , Church then encouraged the local women to collect , wash and process the thrown-away flip-flops and transform them into colorful artefacts for a profit . "  We started a minor little program there , " recalls Church , "  with that sort of idea to link conservation and development together . " Transforming rubber , changing attitudes What began as a part time initiative -- which was initially dubbed UniquEco -- has now been turned into a regular and growing business . Ocean Sole , which provides direct employment today to more than 70 people , aims to recycle 400,000 flip-flops every year . It works with more than 10 suppliers who collect the raw material from waterways in and around Nairobi , as well as from the Kenyan coastline , and deliver it to the company 's workshop . Read this : Fishing craft to foosball tables , furniture to float your boat There , Ocean Sole workers go through large bags full of broken flip-flops every day to select the ones they 're going to use in their creations . The artisans then clean the rubber sandals and sort them according to their color . Next , they cut , mold and sand them as they turn the old flip-flops into their eye-catching creations . "  We are focused mainly on animals , " says Church . "  Our target markets are zoos , aquariums and museums worldwide -- we 've done that because that 's what we 're good at making at the moment but we are exploring other products too . " Church says that Ocean Sole is for her "  a means to an end , " a more effective way to spread her green message than working as a marine conservationist . "  My goal is to create change in the way people live and change in the way people understand the world and its connections , " she says . "  Certainly about the ocean , doing that through the business of recycling rubber that floats , " she continues , "  and doing it independently in a relative sustainable and grown up way where you have to have a market and a good product , you 've got to be commercial , " adds Church . "  I think only if we succeeded commercially we can really succeed in our goal which is to create attitudinal and lifestyle change . " READ THIS : Pizza maker ` gets Nairobi naked ' READ THIS : Teens turns $ 14 into paper bag empire	Ocean Sole is a company turning broken flip-flops into colorful animal sculptures Masses of rubber sandals blight beaches and waterways , creating an eco-disaster Kenya-based Ocean Sole aims to recycle some 400,000 flip-flops every year The company sells its creations in zoos , aquariums and stores around the world
Panama City Beach , Florida  CNN  A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape that was videotaped on a crowded stretch of Panama City Beach , the Bay County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday . Police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. Tuesday . "  After developing information that George Davon Kennedy was the third suspect seen in the video of the gang rape , BCSO Investigators obtained a warrant for his arrest , " according to a news release . Investigators discovered that Kennedy had family in DeKalb County , Georgia , and reached out to the sheriff 's office there . Deputies in DeKalb , in the Atlanta area , tracked down Kennedy and arrested him on a charge of sexual assault by multiple perpetrators , the Bay County Sheriff 's Office said . Kennedy is from Murfreesboro , Tennessee , and has been a student at Middle Tennessee State University , the sheriff 's office said . Previously , Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators , the sheriff 's office said . Calhoun was released Saturday after posting $ 50,000 bond ; Martistee remains in Bay County Jail , a county deputy said . Troy University in Alabama said the two are students and have been "  placed on temporary suspension from school per the university 's standards of conduct and disciplinary procedures . Martistee , a member of the track and field team , has also been removed from the team . " Martistee is represented by a public defender . Calhoun 's legal representation is unclear . No public statement has been made on either 's behalf . The arrests come after a woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club in broad daylight as bystanders watched . The woman did n't recall the assault , police say , but she saw the video of her alleged assault on the news , and though the footage had to be blurred , she recognized her tattoos and contacted authorities . It 's not the first time this has happened to a young woman in Panama City Beach , authorities say . Four young men were involved in the assault , Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen said , and while he previously said federal marshals were trying to track down a third suspect and investigators were seeking a possible witness , it 's unclear if the person arrested Tuesday was someone the police had been looking for . "  There 's hundreds , hundreds of people standing there -- watching , looking , seeing , hearing what 's going on , " McKeithen said . "  And yet our culture and our society and our young people have got to the point where obviously this is acceptable somewhere . I will tell you it is not acceptable in Bay County . " Authorities have said they plan to interview the woman and show her the full video to see whether she knows the attackers and can help identify other suspects , said Ruth Corley , spokeswoman for the sheriff 's office . Authorities are pressing charges , and the woman plans to cooperate , Corley said . Investigators were to meet with her this week . After interviewing witnesses , Bay County investigators determined the alleged rape took place between March 10 and March 12 , behind Spinnaker Beach Club , a popular bar and dance club for spring breakers . She "  does not remember the assault at all , " Corley said . "  She remembers taking a drink from a CamelBak and there is a strong possibility she was drugged . "  CamelBak sells various products for transporting water or other drinks . She was visiting Panama City Beach at the time of the assault , and is now home , authorities said . The Troy , Alabama , Police Department found the video during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting and turned it over to the Bay County Sheriff 's Office . The video shows suspects pushing the victim 's hand aside and holding her legs down , Corley said . "  You can see in the video there are people two feet away . They were assaulting her , and we believe the people around her knew she was being assaulted . " The suspects can be heard commenting about what they are doing to her , Corley said . Authorities have three sworn statements from witnesses stating that the assault happened , Corley said . The sheriff 's office released part of the video to local TV stations , which blurred portions of it before airing . CNN is showing part of what was released . While the video is "  one of the most disgusting , repulsive , sickening things that I 've seen this year on Panama City Beach , " it 's not an isolated incident , McKeithen said . "  This is not the first video we 've recovered . It 's not the second video . It 's not the third video . There 's a number of videos we 've recovered with things similar to this , and I can only imagine how many things we have n't recovered . " Corley said that through social media , "  we have been able to find video of girls , incoherent and passed out , and almost like they are drugged , being assaulted on the beaches of Panama City in front of a bunch of people standing around . " About 100,000 spring break revelers come to the beach community every year . This year , the Bay County Sheriff 's Office made more than 1,000 arrests for various crimes -- about triple the number of arrests made in the same period last year . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Josh Levs and Alexandra Field contributed to this report .	Third suspect identified as George Davon Kennedy of Murfreesboro , Tennessee Young woman was raped on a crowded beach in broad daylight , police say Some bystanders saw what was happening and did n't stop it , authorities say
U.N. weapons inspectors returned "  overwhelming and indisputable " evidence of the use of nerve gas in Syria , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday , calling the findings "  beyond doubt and beyond the pale . " The inspectors ' 38-page report was released after Ban briefed Security Council members on its contents . The team found what it called "  clear and convincing evidence " that the nerve agent sarin was delivered by surface-to-surface rockets "  on a relatively large scale " in the suburbs of the Syrian capital Damascus on August 21 . "  It is the most significant confirmed use of chemical weapons against civilians since Saddam Hussein used them in Halabja in 1988 , and the worst use of weapons of mass destruction in the 21st century , " Ban said . "  The international community has a responsibility to ensure that chemical weapons never re-emerge as an instrument of warfare , " he said . Ban called the attack "  a war crime " and a violation of treaties banning the use of chemical weapons that date back to 1925 . But the inspectors ' mandate did not include assigning blame for the attack , and Ban would not speculate on who launched the attack . The team did identify two types or rockets it said were used to deliver the gas and their trajectories , and international observers have said those weapons are not known to be in the hands of rebels battling the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Australian U.N. Ambassador Gary Quinlan , who is currently serving as president of the Security Council , said the report bolsters his country 's stance . It "  confirms , in our view , that there is no remaining doubt that it was the regime that used chemical weapons . " Read the report And Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador , said a preliminary review of the report points toward forces loyal to al-Assad . "  The regime possesses sarin , and we have no evidence that the opposition possesses sarin , " Power said . "  It defies logic " to think members of the opposition would have infiltrated a regime-controlled area to fire on opposition-controlled areas . Britain , France , and NATO have also said al-Assad 's regime was behind the attack . But Russia is Syria 's leading ally , and Russian U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin maintained Moscow 's stance that Syrian rebels might be to blame . Such suggestions "  can not be simply shrugged off , " Churkin said , and statements insisting that the opposition could not have launched the attack "  are not as scientific and grounded in reality as the actual situation could be . " He questioned why rebel forces did n't report major losses in the August 21 chemical attack , which the United States says may have killed more than 1,400 , including hundreds of civilians . Samples examined The August 21 attack led to U.S. calls for military action against Syria , which denies its forces unleashed chemical weapons and blamed rebel fighters for the deaths . Syria has since agreed to join the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention and hand over its chemical arsenal to international inspectors , with the United States and Russia laying out a fast-paced framework for Damascus to follow . Monday 's report presents a stark picture of the damage that can be inflicted by a nerve agent like sarin , one of three types of poison gas Syria is believed to have stockpiled . "  Survivors reported that following an attack with shelling , they quickly experienced a range of symptoms , including shortness of breath , disorientation , eye irritation , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting and general weakness , " Ban said . "  Many eventually lost consciousness . First responders described seeing a large number of individuals lying on the ground , many of them dead or unconscious . " The weather made things worse . Falling temperatures at the time of the attack meant the downward movement of air , allowing the gas "  to easily penetrate the basements and lower levels of buildings and other structures where many people were seeking shelter , " Ban said . Inspectors interviewed survivors and first responders , collected hair , urine and blood samples and took soil and environmental samples from the sites where the rockets fell . The secretary-general said the team "  adhered to the most stringent protocols available for such an investigation , including to ensure the chain of custody for all samples . " More than 100,000 people had already been killed in Syria before August 21 , according to the United Nations . Another 2 million have fled the country , most of them taking refuge in Lebanon , Turkey , Jordan and Iraq . It was not immediately clear how the report would affect events on the ground . The opposition Syrian National Coalition said the findings "  demand a unified and decisive response by the international community . " "  If the world does not act now , this war will continue , and thousands more will die , " Najib Ghadbian , the coalition 's representative to the United Nations , said in a written statement . "  The people of Syria look to the U.N. Security Council to do everything in its power to stop this conflict and hold the Syrian regime responsible for its criminal actions . " In Washington , the White House announced that President Barack Obama would waive restrictions on exporting chemical protective gear to provide that equipment to the opposition and train "  select , vetted members " in its use . American equipment will also be provided to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , the international body that monitors compliance with the Chemical Weapons Convention . It will be OPCW inspectors who are likely to carry out Syria 's promised disarmament . Syria : There 's a chemical weapons agreement . Now what ? Also Monday , Turkish fighter jets downed a Syrian helicopter near the border between the two countries Monday , Turkey 's semiofficial Anatolia News Agency reported , citing Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc . Syria 's state news agency SANA said the helicopter was watching for "  terrorists " crossing the border and erroneously strayed into Turkish airspace , but was on its way back across the border when shot down . Russia slams U.S. remarks on agreement Even as the world awaited the U.N. inspectors ' report Monday , Russia openly bickered with the United States about the agreement they struck in Geneva over the weekend . The framework they laid out calls for a U.N. resolution demanding that Syria 's chemical weapons be placed under international control . Security Council powers are now trying to put that framework into a resolution . But Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Monday accused U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry "  and his Western allies " of misunderstanding the deal , according to Russia 's state-run Itar-Tass news agency . Lavrov said the deal does not say the U.N. resolution will be under Chapter VII of the U.N. charter , which potentially authorizes the use of force -- and comments by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry that the any resolution will need to include the possibility of force "  show unwillingness to read the document " that Russia and the United States endorsed . The agreement states that if there is noncompliance "  or any use of chemical weapons by anyone in Syria , the U.N. Security Council should impose measures under Chapter VII of the U.N. Charter . " But it does not specifically state that the resolution being sought now will be under that chapter . Russia holds veto power on the council . But Kerry told reporters Monday that "  Should diplomacy fail , the military option is still on the table . " "  If the Assad regime believes that this is not enforceable , then they will play games , " he said . Framework for eliminating Syrian chemical weapons According to the plan , Syria must submit a full list of its chemical weapons stockpile within a week . International inspectors must be on the ground in the country by November , and all production equipment must be destroyed by the end of November . By the middle of next year , all chemical weapons material must be destroyed , according to the agreement . But the process of securing and destroying Syria 's cache of chemical weapons -- in the middle of a civil war -- may be a logistical nightmare .	Syria findings "  beyond doubt and beyond the pale , " Ban says U.S. to provide chemical protective gear to opposition , inspectors Sarin report demands "  a unified and decisive response , " Syrian opposition says Syria says helicopter was shot down after straying into Turkish airspace
CNN  -- New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson signed a bill Wednesday repealing the death penalty in his state , his office confirmed . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson signed legislation repealing the state 's death penalty . "  Regardless of my personal opinion about the death penalty , I do not have confidence in the criminal justice system as it currently operates to be the final arbiter when it comes to who lives and who dies for their crime , " Richardson said in a statement Wednesday . He noted that more than 130 death row inmates have been exonerated in the past 10 years , including four in New Mexico . "  Faced with the reality that our system for imposing the death penalty can never be perfect , my conscience compels me to replace the death penalty with a solution that keeps society safe , " he said . With the governor 's decision , New Mexico joins 14 other states that do n't impose the death penalty . Several other states , including Colorado , Kansas , Maryland and Montana , are considering changes to their capital punishment laws . See which states have bills to do away with capital punishment " The bill replaces the death penalty with life without the possibility of parole . New Mexico currently has two men on death row and has executed one person -- convicted child killer Terry Clark , in 2001 -- since the United States reinstated the death penalty in 1976 . As the legislation is written , it will not affect current death row inmates . "  Throughout my adult life , I have been a firm believer in the death penalty as a just punishment -- in very rare instances , and only for the most heinous crimes . I still believe that , " Richardson , a Democrat , said . "  The issue became more real to me because I knew the day would come when one of two things might happen : I would either have to take action on legislation to repeal the death penalty , or more daunting , I might have to sign someone 's death warrant . " Rep. Gail Chasey , who first introduced House Bill 285 in 1999 , said the bill would relieve families of the burden of a lengthy death penalty trial and appellate phase and restore the focus to crime victims . "  Every time there is a court hearing , a conviction , an appeal , the focus is on the defendant , but the family still has to go through it all again and again . It 's very , very hard for the families . It reopens the wounds each time , " she said . The legislation will also spare the state cost of mounting a death penalty trial , which Casey said typically costs more than a non-death penalty trial . "  We can put that money toward enhancing law enforcement , public works , you name it , " she said . Richardson also said he was troubled by the fact that minorities are "  over-represented in the prison population and on death row . " Minorities make up more than half of the death row population nationwide , according to the Washington-based Death Penalty Information Center , a nonprofit group that opposes the death penalty . The American Civil Liberties Union said Richardson 's decision should "  send a powerful message to other states " about the need to reevaluate "  our error-prone , discriminatory and bankrupting system of capital punishment . " Local and state law enforcement associations opposed the bill . Richardson agreed the death penalty is a tool to deter crime , but said it was not the only tool . "  For some would-be criminals , the death penalty may be a deterrent , " he said . "  But it 's not , and never will be , for many , many others . " The state legislature approved the measure last Friday . Prior to signing the legislation , Richardson received thousands of e-mails and phone calls weighing in on the matter . As of noon Wednesday , the governor 's office said it had received 10,847 phone calls , e-mails and walk-in comments from people who wanted to voice their opinions on the legislation . Of those , 8,102 were for a repeal of the death penalty and 2,745 were against it , according to Richardson 's office . In addition , Richardson met Monday with more than 100 New Mexicans to discuss the issue , his office said . Other states also have considered repealing their capital punishment laws this year . In Kansas , state senators voted Monday to send such a bill back to committee , The Kansas City Star reported . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : ACLU says move sends message about need to reevaluate system NEW : Richardson says he does not have confidence in justice system as it operates 8,102 New Mexicans urged Richardson to sign bill ; 2,745 others opposed measure Bill replaces the death penalty with life without the possibility of parole
CNN  An Indianapolis Colts linebacker charged with felony rape "  unhesitatingly denies all allegations , " according to a Thursday statement from the player 's lawyer . The Colts announced they have placed Joshua McNary , who they signed as a free agent in April 2013 , on the Exempt/Commissioner Permission list , so he will not be allowed to play in the team 's upcoming playoff matchups , but he will continue to be paid , in accordance with the National Football League 's updated personal conduct policy . McNary was released early Thursday , according to the Marion County , Indiana , jail website . He posted a $ 25,000 bond and was ordered to wear an ankle bracelet for GPS monitoring , said Peg McLeish , a spokeswoman for the county prosecuting attorney . He appeared at an initial hearing at which a preliminary not guilty plea was entered for him , she said . His next court date is a March 11 pretrial conference . Defense attorney Edward Schrager said he would not be commenting further on the case , but said in his statement that the charges and affidavit "  are not evidence of wrongdoing , but simply one side 's story . "  Joshua has full faith and confidence in the American way , including its justice system , which he pledged to protect and defend as a West Point graduate and lieutenant in the United States Army . " McNary , 26 , was taken into police custody and charged with felony rape , felony criminal confinement and misdemeanor battery resulting in bodily injury . According to a probable cause affidavit , a 29-year-old woman reported to police on the morning of December 1 that she was raped hours earlier at the apartment of a man she met at a bar . The woman recounted having numerous drinks at three establishments before she arrived at the apartment , and she did n't remember exactly how she got there , the affidavit says . She recalled "  being flirty " and "  touchy-feely " as she and the man kissed , she told police . "  This was n't a problem and it was not aggressive , " she said , according to the affidavit . Soon , though , she told the man that she "  needed to lay down " because she was "  really drunk , " the affidavit says . She lay in the man 's bed , and he began kissing her , which made her uncomfortable , and she noticed that he had taken his shirt off and she was "  completely naked , " she told police . "  No . I 'm too drunk for this . I need to lay down . I have to work , and I 'm not OK with this , " she recalled telling the man , according to the affidavit . She said she told the man several times she did n't want to have sex and fought with him , scratching him on the face , neck , back and shoulder . The man initially tried to talk her into it , and then forced her to have sex on his bed , she told police . She told the man she wanted to leave on multiple occasions , but he would n't let her , at one point , saying , "  You 're gon na stay , " the affidavit says . She eventually left the apartment and mistakenly took the man 's cell phone with her , she told police A forensic nurse examined the woman and found injuries to her vagina and dried blood behind one ear . The document indicates detectives used the cell phone to identify McNary the next day . When police arrived to search his apartment , he pointed to a pile of bedding in front of a washer and told police , "  I preserved it for you because I knew you would be coming . " He had also taken photos of the sheets , in particular "  blood stains and other soiled areas of the bedding , " the affidavit says . McNary was cooperative , police indicated , and he asked for a lawyer after being advised of his rights . A nurse found abrasions and scratches on his stomach , back , neck and shoulder , the document says . Investigators also found the woman 's clothing and an earring in McNary 's apartment . The Colts said they were aware of the incident , but that was the "  limit of our knowledge . " The team was working to gather facts before forming an opinion , the statement said . Colts spokesman Avis Roper said that after reviewing documents surrounding "  the very serious criminal charges , " the team asked Commissioner Roger Goodell to place McNary on the exemption list . "  If the request is granted , Josh will not be eligible to practice or attend games with the Club while designated as Commissioner Exempt . That designation will permit the investigation provided by the League 's Personal Conduct Policy to run its course and will afford Josh the opportunity to focus on his defense against the charges , " the statement said . A later statement confirmed McNary had been placed on the list . The National Football League said the matter is "  under review . " Recently , the NFL revised its personal conduct policy . It includes a minimum six-game suspension for crimes involving violent conduct , including domestic violence and sexual assault . The league reviewed its stance after widespread criticism of its handling of the Ray Rice case . McNary is listed as a second-string inside linebacker for the Colts , who play the New England Patriots on Sunday in the AFC championship game . He has 28 tackles -- mostly on special teams -- in 15 games this season . The 6-foot , 251-pound player is in his second season . He played college football at Army and served in the military from 2011 to 2013 before joining the Colts . CNN 's Jill Martin , Susan Candiotti , Tina Burnside , Dave Alsup , Erica Henry and Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Preliminary not guilty plea entered for the 26-year-old linebacker Joshua McNary wo n't play this weekend after the Colts placed him on exempt list A woman told police she took a phone from the apartment of a man who raped her
CNN  -- If you 're white , you may be able to shoplift , drive drunk , even shove a police officer -- and not suffer the same consequences a black person might , according to trending stories being shared on social media . #CrimingWhileWhite became Twitter 's highest trending topic in the United States and a trending topic worldwide as protests continued Thursday morning over a New York grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner , a black man suspected of illegally selling cigarettes on the sidewalk . Garner 's case also catapulted other hashtags into prominence in the Twitterverse , including #ICantBreathe , a reference to Garner 's last words . An attempt by the New York Police Department to acknowledge the anger also generated a storm online . The department said on Twitter that it wanted to rebuild public trust , in a post that included #wehearyou . That backfired . Meanwhile , many people identifying themselves as white posted tweets confessing to crimes they said they committed without getting punished . Each specific account could not be verified independently and immediately . Taken as a whole , however , they paint a portrait that suggests a racial double standard by American law enforcement . "  I shoplifted when I was 14 and they let me go because my parents came down and we ` looked like a nice family , ' " wrote Joel Watson , a cartoonist . Allison Brown , an editor , tweeted "  Tonight , black protester & I both ignore barricade & walk in street . 4 cops pounce on him ; I 'm told to get in the pen . " Artist Jeremy Scheuch confessed , "  I 'm not proud of it , but when I was 22 I pushed a cop when I was drunk at a bar . I was told to go home and ` sleep it off . ' " "  When I see police , I feel safe , served , and protected , " commented writer Kyran Pittman . "  That should n't be a privilege , but #CrimingWhileWhite shows that it is . " On Twitter , black users had mixed reactions . "  Are white ppl openly acknowledging white privilege on police interactions or am I dreaming ? " asked blogger and researcher Maya Reid . "  Some of you have pointed out that #CrimingWhileWhite helps other White folks realize policing is n't fair . My heart still hurts , " said writer Elon James White . "  I just hope people contributing to #CrimingWhileWhite are vocal about these disparities offline . Great , you 're trending but we need action , " tweeted Franchesca Ramsey , a curator at Upworthy . Unequal treatment The anecdotes are backed by evidence that suggests racial disparities in American law enforcement are very real . Studies show that for an identical crime , black teenagers are more likely to be arrested or jailed than white teenagers . Black people are around four times as likely to get arrested for marijuana possession , despite surveys showing black people use marijuana less than white people , according to the American Civil Liberties Union . In Ferguson , where protests have continued over the shooting death of unarmed black teen Michael Brown , official reports show black people being pulled over , searched , and arrested at disproportionately high rates compared to their share of the population . An ACLU study found a similar imbalance in Boston , where two-thirds of police stops involved black residents -- despite black people making up just one-quarter of the city 's population . Even after being convicted of a crime , being white may still hold advantages . A Princeton University study examined hundreds of American employers ' hiring and found that white people with felony convictions were preferred as much as black people with clean backgrounds .	White internet users are using the hashtag #CrimingWhileWhite to confess to crimes #CrimingWhileWhite became Twitter 's highest trending topic "  Pushed a cop when I was drunk at a bar ... told to go home and ` sleep it off , ' " one says Evidence shows racial disparity in American law enforcement is real
CNN  -- For the Scottsboro Boys , justice delayed may be justice denied , but for some observers , it 's still sweet . A three-person panel of the Alabama Board of Pardons and Paroles voted unanimously to issue posthumous pardons Thursday to the three Scottsboro Boys who had neither already received a pardon nor had their convictions dropped , a state official said . Thursday 's pardons "  remedied a wrongdoing of social and racial injustice , " said Eddie Cook , assistant director for the board , in an interview with CNN . The pardons were issued to Charles Weems , John Andy Wright and Haywood Patterson , the last of the nine who had been accused in the 1931 rape case , said Cook . "  It has taken 82 years to clear the names of the Scottsboro Boys , " said Sheila Washington , founder and director of the Scottsboro Boys Museum and Cultural Center . "  And today it happened . " In the case , nine African-American males -- ages 12 to 19 -- were accused of raping two white females on a train in Alabama , said Washington . It was during the Great Depression , and they had hopped aboard boxcars en route to Memphis to seek work , she said . Also on the train was a group of white males who got into a fight with the blacks and were thrown off , she said . The whites went to the police , who stopped the train in the town of Paint Rock , outside Scottsboro . Among those who were aboard the train were the two white females -- one of them 17 , the other 21 , she said . The older of the two had already had a brush with the law and , under the terms of her release , was not supposed to cross state lines , Washington said . "  She knew if she got caught , she 'd have to go to prison , " she said . So , when the sheriff asked them about why they were on the train , the woman asked him if he was going to arrest her "  after what they did to us , " Washington said . "  He said , ` What did they do ? ' She said , ` They raped us . ' " But James Goodman , a professor of history and creative writing at Rutgers University in New Jersey , said it was not clear how the women came to make their accusations to the posse . When the posse stopped the train and found nine black men , they also found the two white women dressed in men 's overalls , said Goodman , author of "  Stories of Scottsboro "  1994  . "  Thousands and thousands of people are hoboing around in search of a bread line , in search of work , " he said . "  Most of them , but hardly all of them , men . Women dressed in work clothes so they would n't be conspicuous . " "  My guess is they saw the nine black men , saw the two white women and they said , ` Did they bother you ? ' " The women may have faced trouble for crossing state lines or for hoboing , but that is not certain , he said . "  All we know is that somehow , at Paint Rock , a charge of rape emerges and the case begins there . " The suspects underwent a series of trials in Scottsboro and Decatur and were found guilty each time . All-white juries sentenced all but the youngest to death . "  A judge declared a mistrial in the last case , which saved their lives , " said Washington . Including the appeals , there were four trials and seven retrials , Goodman said . When all was said and done , each of the nine spent as few as six years and as many as 19 years in jail . The last of the Scottsboro Boys was released in 1950 , though one of them ended up back in jail again , said Goodman . Alabama dropped rape charges against five of the defendants , and the sixth , Clarence Norris , received a pardon from Gov. George Wallace in 1976 , she said . The trials resulted in two landmark U.S. Supreme Court decisions -- one requiring that defendants be tried by juries of their peers , meaning blacks in their cases ; the other requiring that indigent defendants receive competent counsel . The three men 's relatives had been invited to attend Thursday 's hearing , but none did so , Cook said . Attendees at Thursday 's event included Arthur Orr , a Republican state senator who sponsored Act 2013-081 , which passed this year giving the board the authority to grant posthumous pardons for convictions that occurred at least 75 years prior . Also in attendance was a representative of Gov. Robert Bentley and several university professors , all of whom supported the bill . The case helped reignite the civil rights movement after years of slumber , said Goodman . "  African-Americans had never stopped agitating for their rights after reconstruction , but this is the beginning -- once again -- of an interracial movement for equality that had been stalled between the end of Reconstruction and the beginning of the Depression . " He added , "  Suddenly , white people who just had n't been paying attention begin to say , ` Holy mackerel , they 're going to put nine African-American teenagers in the electric chair ? " Much has changed since those days , Goodman said , citing the nation 's first black president . But the criminal justice system is still not colorblind , he added . "  Sadly , our prisons are still full of youngish black people who have been falsely accused of crime . Your chance , even to this day , of being incarcerated for something that you did n't do are still much greater if your skin is black or dark . " Ryan Ferguson freed from prison after murder conviction overturned	NEW : Professor says some details of accusations not known Three Scottsboro Boys had yet to receive pardons or had their charges overturned Charles Weems , John Andy Wright and Haywood Patterson got posthumous pardons Board of Pardons official : "  wrongdoing of social and racial injustice " is remedied
CNN  -- North Korea fired 30 short-range rockets into the sea off the eastern coast of the Korean peninsula early Saturday , a South Korean defense ministry official said . The rockets have an estimated range of 60 km  37 miles  , according to the ministry . North Korean officials did not send out a navigational warning to ships before the apparent test , the official said . It marks the fourth known rocket test by Pyongyang this month . The country fired 25 short-range rockets into the water earlier this week . The launches have drawn criticism from South Korea and the United States as provocations by the North . The U.S. and South Korea have been conducting a joint annual military drill since February , and North Korea has said its missile tests are a justifiable defensive reaction to them .	The rockets have an estimated range of 37 miles , official says The United States and South Korea criticize the tests as provocations North Korea has said such tests are appropriate responses to U.S.-South Korean military drills
CNN  -- Nadya Suleman , the Southern California woman who gave birth to octuplets in January , has fired a nonprofit group of nurses charged with helping care for her children , CNN affiliate KTLA has reported . Nadya Suleman , mother of octuplets and six other children , fired a free nursing team , says a CNN affiliate . Suleman accused the nurses , from a group called Angels in Waiting , of spying on her to report her to child-welfare authorities , the affiliate reported Monday . The group was working for free , the affiliate said . Suleman instead will rely on nurses whom she is paying , Suleman 's attorney said . She now has four of the octuplets at home , along with her six other children . The other octuplets remain in a hospital , which is discharging them two at a time to ease the adjustment . Suleman -- already a single mother with six young children -- gave birth to the octuplets through in-vitro fertilization , fueling controversy . News of her collecting public assistance for some of her children also outraged many taxpayers . She has not identified the father of the children , but spoke about him in a new video released on RadarOnline.com . Watch Suleman describe donor " He is a foreign-born man who lives in California and is the father of all 14 of her children , Suleman said . The man was angry when she told him that she was having eight more children , she said . "  He was angry at the doctor , like everyone else , " Suleman said . "  He is a good friend -- a platonic friend . We would not be very compatible . As far as I am concerned , I would never disclose who he is . " At one point in the video , a child 's voice can be heard asking Suleman the man 's name . She did not answer .	Nadya Suleman : Nurses spying on her to report her to child-welfare authorities She now has four of the octuplets at home , along with her six other children Suleman instead will rely on nurses whom she is paying
CNN  -- The streets of Ferguson finally look like a tranquil Missouri town again . The protests have calmed . Children can safely go back to school . And after Michael Brown was laid to rest , residents are honoring his family 's wish for peace . But now a different kind of strife looms : the legal battle over whether Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson was justified in shooting and killing the unarmed teenager . Here 's what to expect as the case moves forward : A grand jury will weigh the case Twelve members of a local grand jury will decide whether to bring charges against Wilson . The grand jury started hearing testimony last week , but it could take two months before jurors reach a decision . The grand jury must weigh two questions : whether a crime was committed , and whether there is "  probable cause " that the accused person -- in this case , Wilson -- committed the crime . So who are these jurors ? The panel consists of nine white members  six men and three women  and three black members  two women and one man  , the St. Louis County Circuit Court administrator said . But their proceedings will not be open to the public . And that does n't please Brown 's family . "  It 's about transparency , " family attorney Benjamin Crump said . "  This community has a distrust for the local enforcement officials . So if you have a secret grand jury proceeding , where nobody knows what the prosecutor presents ... and the grand jury comes back and says we find this  shooting  justified , I think that 's going to be very problematic for this community to accept . " A high bar for a conviction "  It 's very tough to convict an officer -- especially once you put all this information out and the jury pool has been tainted , " Matt Fogg , a retired chief deputy U.S. marshal , told CNN 's Don Lemon . Attorney Chris Chestnut put it more bluntly : "  I do n't think he can get a conviction , " said Chestnut , who represented the family of Jonathan Ferrell . Like Brown , Ferrell was an unarmed black man who was shot and killed by a white police officer . "  The grand jury is relegated -- or limited -- to the evidence put before them , and I 'm just not confident that they 're going to put all of the evidence before the grand jury . " CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos said that even if Brown was trying to get away from the officer , the Supreme Court case Tennessee v. Garner allows the use of deadly force when an alleged felon is trying to flee if "  the suspect poses a significant threat of death or serious physical injury to the officer or others . " A high bar for the officer , too But given the number of times Brown was shot -- along with newly released audio that may show a pause in rapid gunfire -- Wilson has a lot of explaining to do . "  Evidence suggests that he was n't fleeing and was facing the officer , " Cevallos said . "  If that 's true ... the officer has to explain six shots . He has to explain a reason for each of those six shots . He has to have justifiably been in fear of his life or fear of some imminent serious bodily harm . " The officer may also have to explain the audio recording , which was taken by a man near the shooting site and apparently reveals a gap in gunfire , which lasted at least 10 shots . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the tape . The civil rights investigation While a local grand jury considers the case , a federal civil rights investigation is also under way . Proving a civil rights violation in this case requires proving that Wilson exhibited "  racial hostility , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . Wilson is white , and Brown was African-American . Opinion : Can peace come to Ferguson ? Challenges to returning to the police force Wilson is on paid administrative leave and would have to undergo two psychological evaluations before returning to duty , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said . But it 's possible that Wilson will not come back . "  There are many officers that have separated from service after an incident like this , " former Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis told CNN 's Lemon . "  They can no longer work in the environment where these incidents occurred . " Protests will continue While many residents hope to avoid the tear gas and Molotov cocktails that flew through the night sky last week , more protests are expected Tuesday . Demonstrators will gather at 6 p.m. for a march on Florissant Avenue , said Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol . And Black Lawyers For Justice will file a class-action lawsuit Tuesday on behalf of injured and arrested protesters , the organization said . The suit will target St. Louis County , Ferguson police and the mayor of Ferguson . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	A grand jury is considering whether to bring charges against Officer Darren Wilson "  It 's very tough to convict an officer , " a retired chief deputy U.S. marshal says The officer will have to "  explain a reason for each of those six shots , " a legal analyst says A federal civil rights investigation is also underway
CNN  -- Women in Arizona may be forced to share certain private medical conditions with their employers if they want their contraception to be covered by health insurance , a bill proposes . The Arizona Senate is considering a bill that would give all businesses the option to exclude contraceptives from health insurance coverage . The only exception is if a woman can prove she is taking the contraceptives for other medical reasons . Supporters say such a law would protect the religious beliefs of employers , while critics assert the tradeoff would be an affront to the liberties of employees . The Arizona debate comes on the heels of a federal controversy over the same issue . An Obama administration policy originally required religiously affiliated institutions -- including hospitals and universities -- to offer contraception coverage . After heavy resistance from Republican lawmakers and religious institutions , the rule was amended to exempt employers from paying for contraceptives and will now instead require insurance companies to offer the coverage at no cost . The Arizona legislation arises as a response to that . The legislation , House Bill 2625  PDF  , was passed by the state House this month and now sits before the Senate . "  I personally do n't have a moral objection to contraceptives , but I respect the people that do , " state Rep. Debbie Lesko , one of the Republican sponsors of the bill , told CNN affiliate KTVK-TV in Phoenix . "  House Bill 2625 allows Arizona employers to opt out of the contraceptive mandate if they have a religious or moral objection , " she told KTVK . Denying women coverage for contraceptives would restrict women 's access to basic health care , said the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona . "  As strongly as the ACLU has protected people 's rights to their religious beliefs , express those beliefs and practice those beliefs , we feel the bill goes beyond guaranteeing protections for religious liberties and into allowing an employer to prioritize his religious beliefs over the beliefs , needs , interests of his employees , particularly his female employees , " Anjali Abraham , public policy director for the ACLU of Arizona , told KTVK . Arizona already has a law on the books that allows religious employers to deny such coverage , but the current bill would modify the law to allow any business to make the same exclusion . "  We live in America and government should n't force mom-and-pop employers to do something against their moral beliefs , " Lesko told the CNN affiliate . The bill has some exceptions that its supporters said should allay critics ' fears . For instance , coverage for contraception can not be denied if it is prescribed for medical reasons other than pregnancy prevention . But the ACLU and others said that this exception amounts to an invasion of privacy that will force women to share sensitive medical information with their employers .	The Arizona Senate is considering a bill that could deny contraception coverage Critics say such a law would be crossing the line Supporters say it protects the religious freedom of employers Arizona 's debate comes on the heels of a federal controversy over the same issue
CNN  -- Two University of Florida police officers were placed on leave with pay after using an electronic stun gun to subdue a student who was questioning Sen. John Kerry at a campus forum , the school 's president said Tuesday . Student Andrew Meyer is surrounded by university police in Gainesville , Florida , on Monday . But the student 's behavior and past activities are prompting questions about whether the incident was part of a stunt . The Florida Division of Law Enforcement will investigate Monday 's arrest of Andrew Meyer , said University of Florida President J. Bernard Machen . Machen called the incident "  regretful for us . " "  The thing that I regret is that civil dialogue and civil discourse did not happen , " Machen said . "  That 's fundamental to a university campus . Why it did n't happen is what we 're trying to sort out . " During Monday 's forum , Meyer came to the microphone to question the 2004 Democratic presidential nominee from Massachusetts . Watch the incident unfold " "  You will take my question because I have been listening to your crap for two hours , " Meyer told Kerry , according to the police report of the incident . He then turned to a woman and said "  Are you taping this ? Do you have this ? You ready ? " the report said . Clarissa Jessup , who contributed I-Report video of the incident to CNN , said Meyer gave her his camera and asked her to shoot video of him posing his questions to Kerry . Organizers had cut off questioning before Meyer went to the microphone , she said . Watch Jessup describe the incident Meyer asked Kerry why he did not contest his loss to President Bush in the pivotal state of Ohio over allegations that African-American voters were disenfranchised . Meyer also questioned Kerry about why he did not support impeaching Bush and whether he belonged to the Yale University secret society Skull and Bones , as Bush did . One of the police officers on the scene observed that Meyer was "  yelling as loud as he could as to sensationalize his presence , " according to the police report . Meyer had about a minute and a half at the microphone before police stepped in to haul him away . As he tried to escape their grip , Kerry protested , "  That 's all right , let me answer his question . " But as Meyer repeatedly questioned why he was being arrested , officers dragged him to the back of the auditorium and then used a Taser on him when he continued to struggle . While Kerry pleaded for calm , officers warned the student he would be shocked if he did not stop resisting . Meyer responded , "  What did I do ? Get off me ... get the f -- off me , man , I did n't do anything . Do n't Tase me , bro , I did n't do anything . " Police noted that his demeanor "  completely changed once the cameras were not in sight " and described him as laughing and being lighthearted as he was being driven to the Alachua County Detention Center . "  I am not mad at you guys , you did n't do anything wrong . You were just trying to do your job , " Meyer said , according to the police report . At one point , he asked whether there were going to be cameras at the jail , according to the report . Meyer was charged with resisting arrest with violence -- a felony -- and a misdemeanor count of disturbing the peace . He was released without having to post bond Tuesday . Machen said the clips posted online paint an incomplete picture of the scene . Watch the university 's reaction University spokesman Steve Orlando said before police moved in , Meyer was asked to relinquish the microphone because he was "  being disruptive . " But the arrest triggered a protest by a group of University of Florida students Tuesday . One of them , Benjamin Dictor , called the arrest "  an assault on reason itself . " "  For a question to be met with arrest , not to mention physical violence , is completely unacceptable in the United States , " Dictor said . Some students cheered Meyer 's removal , and others looked on quietly . But several screamed in protest when officers prepared to shock him . Meyer was carrying a business card advertising "  TheAndrewMeyer.com ` Speak My Mind , ' " the police report said . The Web site features videos of Meyer taking part in several practical jokes . It also includes a "  disorganized diatribe " that criticizes the war in Iraq and the media . The Web site said his friends had posted coverage of his arrest . In a statement issued Tuesday , Kerry said he did n't know a Taser had been used on the student until after he left the event , and said he hoped no one was injured . "  In 37 years of public appearances , through wars , protests and highly emotional events , I have never had a dialogue end this way , " he said . "  I believe I could have handled the situation without interruption , but again , I do not know what warnings or other exchanges transpired between the young man and the police prior to his barging to the front of the line and their intervention . " Machen said authorities have not determined whether Tasers were used improperly . In addition , he said a student-faculty review panel will examine "  all of our protocols relative to student dialogue and faculty interaction " in the wake of the incident . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	NEW : Student was "  lighthearted " once cameras were not in sight , police say Florida Division of Law Enforcement to investigate arrest of student University spokesman : Andrew Meyer was "  being disruptive " Some students protest arrest , call it unacceptable in the United States
Tampa  CNN  -- On the night vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan made his debut on the national stage , the GOP turned its attention to America 's influence abroad and what the party sees as President Barack Obama 's failed economic policies . The roster of speakers at the Republican National Convention boasted two of the party 's foreign policy heavy hitters and rhetoric designed to appeal to voters who are still undecided . Here are five things we learned from the convention 's second night : 1 . Romney 's enforcer comes to play On Tuesday , the GOP convention was about love  Ann Romney  and respect  Chris Christie  . But to the chagrin of head-scratching Republicans eager to take the fight to President Barack Obama , there was n't much talk in the Tampa Bay Times Forum about the current administration in Washington . Paul Ryan put those anxieties to rest on Wednesday with a lengthy , aggressive and systematic attack on Obama 's record in office , with one question as the thesis : "  Without a change in leadership , why would the next four years be any different from the last four years ? " Ryan , criticized by Democrats as the architect of a budget plan that would gut Medicare , went on offense on the issue in the heart of retiree-heavy Florida . "  The greatest threat to Medicare is Obamacare , and we are going to stop it , " he said . There were also flashes of biography as the Wisconsin congressman tried to introduce himself to a country still learning about Mitt Romney 's running mate . But it was clear from his sharpened rhetoric that the Romney campaign sent Ryan onstage to make the case against Obama . He described Obamacare as a cold "  power play , " condemned Solyndra as "  cronyism at its worst " and said the president is "  forever shifting blame . " Then there was this line , sure to be remembered for its trenchant appeal to younger voters who had hoped for more from Obama : "  College graduates should not have to live out their 20 's in their childhood bedrooms , staring up at fading Obama posters and wondering when they can move out and get going with life . " Responding in a statement , Obama spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter said Ryan "  offered Americans 40 minutes of vitriol and a half-dozen previously debunked attacks , but not one tangible idea to move this country forward . " Ryan : White House leadership missing 2 . On weak spots , let surrogates shine Republicans ' nearly singular focus on the economy took a back seat Wednesday when Sen. John McCain and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice took the stage to talk foreign policy , a topic Mitt Romney makes little mention of on the stump and that has been largely absent from the national political debate . Romney faces a solid foreign policy record from the current president , who voters consistently say in polls would better handle America 's relationships with other countries if re-elected . In the latest CNN/ORC International survey released earlier this week , President Barack Obama had a 51 % -44 % advantage over Romney on foreign policy . Facing those facts , the Romney campaign chose Wednesday to use conservatives with well-established foreign policy credentials to make the case that Obama has failed a test of leadership in key international hot spots , including in Syria and Iran . "  Unfortunately , for four years , we 've drifted away from our proudest traditions of global leadership , traditions that are truly bipartisan , " McCain said . "  We 've let the challenges we face , both at home and abroad , become harder to solve . We ca n't afford to stay on that course any longer . " Rice echoed many of the same themes . The former secretary of state said Romney and Ryan "  know that our friends and allies must again be able to trust us , " what she said was Obama 's weakness on the international stage . Yet even Rice turned back to the economy , saying when the world looks at the United States , "  they see an American government that can not live within its means . " Rice and McCain 's remarks were a brief side track to a convention overwhelmingly focused on blaming Obama for the weak economy and how Romney plans to fix it . As Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos noted , neither campaign thinks foreign policy will make a big difference to voters struggling with high unemployment and stagnant wages . "  It 's not going to matter at the end , " Castellanos said . "  Both campaigns , I think , but especially the -LSB- Romney -RSB- campaign , wants to move on to the economy . And Barack Obama now has the experience , four years as commander-in-chief . So I put that is a plus for the Democrats in the fall . " McCain : Ca n't have security threatened 3 . Faith does matter Four years ago , as they were battling for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination , Mike Huckabee questioned Romney 's Mormon faith . Four years later , as he addressed the Republican convention in prime time , the former Arkansas governor had a very different message . "  I care far less as to where Mitt Romney takes his family to church than I do about where he takes this country , " said Huckabee , who still wields influence among social conservatives . Some in that key component of the Republican base still harbor suspicions of Romney 's faith . While this convention is supposed to focus mostly on the economy , and while Huckabee did attack Obama over his handling of the issue , he did made the case for why social conservatives need to rally around their party 's presidential nominee . "  Let me clear the air about whether guys like me would only support an evangelical . Of the four people on the two tickets , the only self-professed evangelical is Barack Obama , and he supports changing the definition of marriage , believes that human life is disposable and expendable at any time in the womb or even beyond the womb , and tells people of faith that they must bow their knees to the god of government and violate their faith and conscience in order to comply with what he calls health care , " he said . Republican strategist John Branbender said that social conservatives are extremely committed to beating Obama . "  The important thing Mitt Romney needs to do is moving them from being voters in November to being activists . " "  And the difference is showing and voting and making phone calls , putting bumper stickers on their cars , and frankly that 's where a Mike Huckabee , a Rick Santorum , and others , make it so vital , because they 're out there on the front lines with social conservatives saying ` the war is now . This is the most important election in our lifetime . We have to win and we have to get active behind Mitt Romney . ' " How faith will matter at the RNC 4 . Condi Rice : A star Is born Romney advisers gave Condoleezza Rice rave reviews earlier this summer after she addressed a room of Republican donors and GOP officials at a closed-door campaign confab in Park City , Utah . On Wednesday , the country got a glimpse of the political skills and stage presence that may have prompted Romneyland to float Rice as a potential running mate in a buzzed-about leak to the Drudge Report in July . The former secretary of state under George W. Bush and current Stanford professor showed off her foreign policy acumen with a fluent  if somewhat predictable  defense of America 's role in the world . "  My fellow Americans , we do not have a choice , " she said . "  We can not be reluctant to lead , and one can not lead from behind . But it was Rice 's tribute the American dream , the second half of her speech was laced with nods to her personal story and difficult upbringing in segregated Alabama , that had the convention crowd and political watchers mesmerized . "  America has a way of making the impossible seem inevitable in retrospect , " she said . "  But of course it has never been inevitable . It has taken leadership , courage and an unwavering faith in our values . " Her speech set Twitter alight . "  Lump in throat , " said Florida GOP operative Ryan Duffy . "  The birth of a candidate , " tweeted Roll Call editor David Drucker . "  A memorable speech , " political analyst Stuart Rothenberg wrote . "  Wow . " Rice : America ca n't lead from behind 5 . Romney and Ryan do n't see iPod to iPod If you thought that Romney and his running mate are always on the same page , they 're not . Ryan highlighted where the GOP ticket splits : on their playlists . The first member of Generation X on a presidential ticket pointed out one of the biggest differences in his vice presidential acceptance speech . "  We 're a full generation apart , Gov. Romney and I , " Ryan said . "  And , in some ways , we 're a little different . There are the songs on his iPod , which I 've heard on the campaign bus . And on many hotel elevators . He actually urged me to play some of these songs at campaign rallies . I said , I hope it 's not a deal-breaker , Mitt , but my playlist starts with AC/DC and ends with Zeppelin , " said Ryan . Ryan was obviously having some fun , but there 's a serious side to his comments . By highlighting their differences over music , Ryan also emphasized his youth . It was accentuated by the 42-year-old congressman 's wife and young children joining him on the stage following his speech . And that infusion of youth on a ticket headed by someone in his mid-60s could help . Ryan spoke the word "  generation " a number of times in his address , at one point saying "  I accept the calling of my generation to give our children the America that was given to us , with opportunity for the young and security for the old , and I know that we are ready . " With national and state polling indicating that Obama holds a large advantage among younger voters over Romney , Ryan can only help . "  We 've got our first rock 'n' roll Republican on a national ticket . And that 's something Mitt Romney lacked , " Castellanos said . "  Mitt Romney had n't made the case yet about taking this campaign into the future . Obama 's saying that Mitt Romney wants to go back . Paul Ryan is evidence that this party wants to move forward . " ` Gen Xer ' Paul Ryan takes up GOP torch , makes case to young voters	McCain and Rice took to stage to underscore GOP foreign policy Mike Huckabee , who once questioned Romney 's Mormon faith , sang his praises Condoleezza Rice 's speech won raves both in the forum and on Twitter
CNN  An Ohio man with a knife was shot and killed Wednesday after lunging at one airport police officer and acting in a threatening manner toward another officer , a Columbus police sergeant said . Sgt. Rich Weiner said the man tried to buy a ticket with a woman 's identification at Port Columbus International Airport , then with his own ID , but was refused . The man , who was in his early 40s and lived in the Columbus area , returned to his car , where one officer was investigating a suspicious vehicle call . The man and the officer were talking , police said , when the suspect pulled a knife and tried to attack the officer , who opened fire . It is unclear whether the man was struck by any of the shots from the officer , but he fell , then stood up . As he made his way toward the terminal , backup officers approached . The man , who still had a knife in his hand , was shot by one of those officers . Weiner only said that multiple shots were fired . He did n't disclose how many times the man was struck . The suspect had other knives hidden in his clothes , Weiner said . "  It 's too early to talk about terrorism , " Weiner said when asked by reporters about possible motives . "  At this point , this is just a violent encounter between an armed man and the officers here . " Police refused to say at what airline counter the man had tried to purchase a ticket and where he intended to fly . The names of the man who was killed and the police officer who shot him were not immediately released . A bomb squad examined the car and objects on the man that raised alarm , Weiner said . The incident was recorded on surveillance video , but it was not released . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Police say man attacked one airport officer with knife Suspect tried to buy ticket with woman 's ID , then went back to car parked outside terminal Two confrontations with officers end with man dead
Johannesburg  CNN  -- A man , struggling to get away , is surrounded by South African police in the middle of a street as a large crowd looks on . The officers pull him over to a police van and handcuff his hands , over his head , to the back of the vehicle as he sits on the ground . Soon , as some in the crowd scream , the van begins to move . It slowly picks up speed . The helpless man in a red T-shirt is dragged along the road . Soon , two officers lift him up by the legs , apparently to avoid dragging -- but the police van seems to speed up , and the man 's legs fall to the ground , He is dragged hundreds of feet . South Africa shocked by police shootings at mine Though injured , the man was never taken to a hospital , police investigators say . He died a few hours after the incident . The suspected cause of death : head wounds . The video , captured by someone in the crowd in Daveyton , near Johannesburg , has sparked fury over police brutality in the country . "  We are shocked by this incident , " said Moses Dlamini , a spokesman for the Police Investigative Directorate , an independent government agency that looks into possible crimes by police . But such a scene may not be all that rare . The directorate received more than 6,000 complaints accusing police of numerous crimes , including murder and torture , during a one-year period from early 2011 to early 2012 . The cases include 648 deaths . The U.S. State Department 's human rights report on South Africa for 2011 , the latest year available , said the country 's "  principal human rights problems included police use of lethal and excessive force , including torture , against suspects and detainees , which resulted in deaths and injuries ; vigilante and mob violence ; and prison overcrowding and abuse of prisoners , including beatings and rape by prison guards . " But Dlamini was quick to emphasize that in the nation of 50 million people , police who carry out crimes do not reflect the police service as a whole . "  There are many other officers who are dedicated , who uphold the law and arrest criminals all the time , " he said . While authorities have not confirmed the man 's identity , local reports say he was a taxi driver from Mozambique . The man and the police in the video , as well as those in the crowd , are black , so there is no suggestion that the incident is a sign of white vs. black tensions in the country . "  This appalling incident involving excessive force is the latest in an increasingly disturbing pattern of brutal police conduct in South Africa , " said Noel Kututwa , Amnesty International 's southern Africa director . Johan Burger , a senior researcher with the Institute for Security Studies in Pretoria , said some police officers think they "  are above the law " and that there wo n't be consequences for their actions . South Africa 's history of violence "  is part and parcel of daily life , " he said . Some think "  the best way to deal with this is to act in a brutal way . " CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse reported from Johannesburg ; CNN 's Josh Levs reported from Atlanta .	Video shows a man handcuffed to a police van and dragged Investigators say he died hours later , apparently from head wounds South Africa had more than 6,000 complaints of police crimes in a recent 1-year period The country 's history of violence affects some police , an analyst says
CNN  -- Holders Barcelona were paired with Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen in the draw for the last 16 of this season 's European Champions League Friday . The Catalan giants , who defeated Manchester United in May 's final to claim a third European crown , will be favorites to advance at the expense of 2002 runners-up Leverkusen . The two teams last faced each other in the second group phase of the 2002/03 competition , with four-time European champions Barcelona claiming victory in both matches . Elsewhere , seven-time winners AC Milan came out of the hat against English Premier League side Arsenal , who were beaten by Barca in the final in 2006 . The pair faced each other at the same stage three years ago , with Arsenal advancing 2-0 on aggregate after registering an impressive second-leg triumph at the San Siro . Barcelona 's arch-rivals Real Madrid will continue their quest for a 10th European crown against Russian outfit CSKA Moscow . Portuguese coach Jose Mourinho would become the first coach to have won the Champions League with three different teams , having led Inter Milan to glory in 2010 and Porto in 2004 . Mourinho 's former club Chelsea are looking to win the Champions League for the first time in their history , having lost the 2008 final on penalties to Manchester United , but face an awkward tie against 1989 UEFA Cup winners Napoli . APOEL Nicosia made history by becoming the first Cypriot team to advance beyond the group stages of the competition . Their reward is a clash with French side Lyon . The 2010 champions Inter Milan will also come up against French opposition in Didier Deschamps ' Marseille . German powerhouses Bayern Munich have been drawn against Basel , the Swiss outfit who advanced at the expense of Manchester United . Portugal 's Benfica topped Basel 's group and Jorge Jesus ' team will play Luciano Spalletti 's Zenit St. Petersburg , making their debut at this stage of the competition . The first legs of the ties will be played across February 14/15 and 21/22 , with the return matches set for March 6/7 and 13/14 . Meanwhile , the draw for the last 32 of the Europa League was made later Friday in Nyon and Manchester sides United and City were given tough tasks . English Premier League champions United will face Dutch side Ajax , while City , who are leading the EPL this season , must get past holders Porto of Portugal .	Barcelona will face Bayer Leverkusen in the last 16 of the Champions League Italians AC Milan drawn against English side 2006 runners-up Arsenal Nine-time winners Real Madrid paired with Russian team CSKA Moscow Manchester sides United and City given tough Europa League tasks
CNN  -- Advancing Sudanese troops have prompted a massive evacuation by inhabitants of the oil-rich city of Abyei , a humanitarian medical group said Monday . The organization , Doctors Without Borders , said many of the evacuees have fled 40 kilometers  24 miles  south to Agok . That includes 42 people wounded in violent clashes over the weekend who are being treated at the aid group 's hospital there . "  This morning , the entire population of Abyei town fled the city , which is now almost empty , " the organization said in a statement . Meanwhile , a spokesman for the military wing of the movement that governs Southern Sudan confirmed Sunday that Sudan 's military had taken control of the oil-rich region . "  Abyei has been under attack by the Sudanese armed forces from air and ground , " said Sudan People 's Liberation Army  SPLA  spokesman Philip Aguer . Southern Sudan in January voted to split from the north , and is expected to officially become an independent nation in July . However , the fate of the oil-rich Abyei region remains a flash point . The Sudanese armed forces said the military in Southern Sudan was behind the attack , but the SPLA denied responsibility . A statement from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's press office noted that the U.N. compound was shelled by mortar rounds , leaving two peacekeepers injured . The release , from Ban , also asked for "  justice " following earlier attacks May 19 on a U.N.-escorted convoy and on U.N. troops May 10 in Goli . At least 22 people were killed in the more recent attack , which was on Sudanese armed forces and U.N. peacekeepers , according to Sudanese army sources . "  The Secretary-General remains deeply concerned for the safety of the civilian population of the area , the vast majority of whom  have  been forcibly displaced due to the fighting , " the U.N. statement said Sunday . "  The Secretary-General calls on both parties to immediately cease their military operations , withdraw all forces and armed elements from Abyei and desist from further acts of antagonism . " The Commission of the African Union responded to the latest developments in Abyei "  with very grave concern , " according to a prepared statement released Sunday . "  The AU Commission would like to urge all the parties to immediately withdraw all the unauthorized forces from the area ... and to restrain from any provocative actions , " the statement read . "  The AU Commission calls on the parties to resume the dialogue towards a political settlement on Abyei by returning to the negotiating table . " Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir issued a decree Saturday dissolving Abyei 's administration . The area had been governed by representatives from the north and south . The United Nations said this month that violence in the Abyei region will jeopardize relations between the two sides as they gear up for a permanent separation July 9 . Its peacekeeping mission in Sudan issued a statement Saturday urging "  all parties in Abyei to resume dialogue towards reaching a lasting political settlement . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague condemned the recent spike in violence . "  I call on all sides to cease hostilities immediately . All unauthorized forces should be withdrawn from the entire area of Abyei in accordance with past agreements by the parties , " he said in a statement Sunday . In a statement Saturday , the White House called on the Sudanese Armed Forces to stop its offensive in Abyei and withdraw forces . "  Failure to do so could set back the process of normalizing relations between Sudan and the United States and inhibit the international community 's ability to move forward on issues critical to Sudan 's future , " the statement said . A U.N. Security Council delegation had arrived in Khartoum , Sudan , on Saturday to discuss the ongoing peace process with government officials . Journalist Ismail Kushkush contributed to this report .	At least 42 people are wounded in violent clashes in Abyei , aid group says The U.N. condemns the violence , saying 2 peacekeepers were hurt by mortar fire Southern Sudan voted in January to split from the north , but Abyei remains a flash point Britain 's foreign secretary urges all sides to "  cease hostilities "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They are domestic relics of a bygone era when space travel was new and exciting and the world was buzzing with optimism about what could be . This Coney Island playground climbing frame is one of the larger items clogging the Kleeman family 's barn . NASA 's Apollo 11 moon landing 40 years ago reinvigorated demand for space-inspired mementoes that was stirring well before the start of the Space Age in the 1950s . Shops offered everything from rocket-shaped lamps , to skateboards , biscuit tins and toys emblazoned with stars and futuristic astronauts . Such was the excitement surrounding the momentous moon landing in 1969 that some were moved to create their own memorabilia in needlepoint and tin . See memorabilia of 1969 moon landing " Many early examples of space-inspired design , both professional and homemade , can now be found in a 100ft hay barn at the Kleeman family home in the U.S. state of Connecticut . They 're not on display -- yet -- but the family hopes to soon show the world what they call the "  Space Age Museum , " a collection of as many as 10,000 pieces inspired by humanity 's adventures in space . "  Everything started with a toy ray gun Peter and I bought at a flea market in Brimfield , Massachusetts 20 years ago for $ 10 , " John Kleeman said . "  We have never lost the excitement of that first find and since then we have continued our quest for cultural artifacts which tell the back story of the Space Age -- how ordinary folk like us experienced the magic , adventure and meaning of human space exploration . " Weekend trips to markets and auctions became more frequent and over time the collection grew to include more cumbersome items including a 40-foot promotional trailer based on the design of "  Terra IV , " a battle cruiser in the 1950s U.S. television series , "  Space Patrol . " "  They had a movie theatre inside so 40 people could sit inside it and watch a rocket launch , " John 's son Peter explained . "  We had to adjust the doors to the barn to fit it , but it 's in our barn now . " As the barn became more crowded , references to their "  collection " morphed into "  the museum " and their father-son hobby transformed into a potential business . "  It was kind of a ` some day ' kind of thing , " Peter said . "  My dad had a day job as an attorney and I was in college and we said some day we 'll create a museum so people can visit . " "  Then three or four years ago I was at a point where I 'd been working in the outdoors leading trips for youth at risk and thinking , "  Do I want to do this forever ? How am I going to fit this space museum into the picture some day ? ' I realized that I 'd like to do it now . " Since then , they 've been carefully peeling back layers of packaging and photographing their second-hand treasures for a digital catalogue . "  My mum is surprisingly and wonderfully supportive of all this , " Peter said . "  Because it 's a family business she always gets consulted , especially on large acquisitions . I think there have been some vetoes but there 's nothing that she 's vetoed that we wish that we 'd gotten . " Now 29 , Peter Kleeman travels back and forth from his parents ' house and his new home in New York to build the business . "  For now we 'd like to contract out our exhibits to other museums and then if funding and the right sponsorship came in we 'd be open to doing a permanent location so people could visit , " he said . For Peter , the Space Age Museum is not simply about nostalgia ; it 's an important reminder of the enthusiasm that once gripped the world about future frontiers that has slowly deflated with time . "  One of the questions I ask myself is , ` what would it take to turn that around and for us to have a more creative and adventurous optimism for the future , and get that pioneering spirit back in our culture ? ' " A mission to Mars might be one , he suggested , along with a long-term plan for future exploration . This museum curator is not in the camp that argues that money for space programs is better spent at home . "  A lot of people feel that because of our environment and different social and economic struggles that are going on in the planet that we should just focus all of our resources on fixing things here , " he said . "  I agree -- there 's a lot that 's not working on our planet . We should be taking care of each other but that should n't stop us from also exploring -- there 's a got to be a way to balance it . "  I think that knowing our place in the solar system and beyond helps give us perspective on who we are and where we are . I think it can be humbling and it also helps us remember how precious and rare our planet is and that we really need to protect it and manage its resources better . "	For more than 20 years the Kleeman family has collected space-inspired items Collection includes rocket-shaped lamps , old space toys , climbing frames Family preparing to launch the "  Space Age Museum " to display exhibits Kleeman : "  Knowing our place in the solar system helps give us perspective "
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Many companies will want to confirm that your home office is a business-friendly environment . In the last few years , working from home has gone from being a rarity to a reality . With advances in technology , more people are able to link to work from their home computers or laptops . And as employees continue to crave flexibility and yearn for a better work/life balance , more people are working from home for at least part of their workweek . Home-based companies While many companies are allowing existing employees to transition to various telecommuting options , some companies are also building work forces that are made up solely of employees working from home . Here is a sample of 10 companies that only hire at-home workers :  Alpine Access is a call center company that uses customer service representatives that work from home . Employees use their own telephones and computers . The company provides representatives for clients like Office Depot and J. Crew .  Convergys hires home-based call center agents who provide support in customer service , and also supplies sales agents or help desk staff for companies .  Extended Presence provides their clients with outbound sales agents and marketing support staff who work from home .  Internet Girl Friday provides information technology support as well as administrative services for clients nationwide .  LiveOps provides customer service support for a variety of major corporations .  Spheris provides support to medical professionals . Their services include medical transcription and clinical documentation .  Staffcentrix supplies virtual assistants for business clients , including CEOs and upper management of major corporations .  VIPDesk provides call center support and also offers a home-based concierge service to clients .  Voicelog provides representatives to perform verifications for transactions done online or by telephone . Many states require changes to telephone service and other remote transactions to be verified by a third party , which VoiceLog provides .  West At Home also hires home-based customer service agents . They cater to a specific range of industries , specializing in health care and pharmaceutical support , as well as the hospitality industry . Employees need to meet some basic requirements , including having a telephone and access to a PC . Although the work is conducted from home , interviews for the job are n't always done remotely . Working at home is a growing and legitimate opportunity , but workers should still beware of any job that asks you to invest money , provide access to a bank account or give up a great deal of personal information up front . These are indicators of a possible scam . Traditional companies with home-based workers Some traditional companies also have home-based workers in the mix as part of their overall staffing strategies . Companies as diverse as American Airlines , TDS Telecom , 1-800-FLOWERS , Sprint and Xerox have programs that enable traditional workers to transition to telecommuting or hire workers specifically to work at home . Aetna is one of the companies that has developed and implemented such a program . "  Our telework program started as a grassroots initiative to keep talented employees when there were site consolidations , " Aetna Telework Program head Eileen Levin explains . The program , which started only a few years ago , has become very popular with employees . Levin notes that since the inception of the program , participation has jumped 300 percent . Around 10,000 Aetna employees , or 27 percent of the company 's work force , now work from home . Levin says that the company looks at several factors before transitioning a job or task to be done at home . Aetna ensures that the employee is an appropriate candidate to work at home . It also confirms that the home office is a stable , business-friendly environment . And most importantly , Aetna carefully considers whether the job is an appropriate choice to be performed by home-based workers . Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta is another company that is mixing traditional workers with employees who work from home . These home-based employees include medical transcriptionists and nurses who operate the hospital 's Advice Line , a hotline where Laurie Peterson , one of the Advice Line nurses , has been working for CHOA from home for 11 years . She takes calls that vary from minor questions to emergency situations , and provides callers with a recommended course of action based on their conversations . Peterson says , "  I really enjoy being able to use my nursing judgment and experience right here in the convenience of my own home . We get inquiries from people both locally and all over the world seeking help with their child 's health problems . At the end of a shift , it 's very fulfilling for me to know I 've helped allay a parent 's fears . " If you 're a worker who wants to transition from commuting to the office to working at home , talk to your company . Think about these discussion points before approaching your boss :  Talk to the company about how offering this option to you and other employees will benefit them . Money talks , so be sure to refer to any potential savings the company will see by implementing this program . With gas prices at a record high , you should also underscore your savings , as well as the environmental benefits of working from home .  Not every job or every process can be done from home , so be ready with a plan . Identify jobs and transactions at the company that can be done easily , safely and securely from home . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2007 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Some companies are allowing employees to work solely from home These companies include American Airlines , TDS Telecom , 1-800-FLOWERS Many jobs and transactions can be done easily , safely and securely from home If you want to work from home , tell your employer how much money will be saved
Ryan O'Neal , a junior at Arizona State University , is a columnist for Scoop08.com , a national student newspaper dedicated to coverage of the 2008 presidential race . CNNU is a feature that provides student perspectives on news and trends from colleges across the United States . The views expressed in this article are not necessarily those of CNN , its affiliates or the schools where the campus correspondents are based . Ryan O'Neal : "  I could n't help but be suspicious of everything and everyone . " TEMPE , Arizona  CNN  -- College students are faced with many challenges each day . It 's tough to balance a job with hours of homework , and to pay attention in class while planning an escape route from a lecture hall seat . As I sat in class following the Virginia Tech shootings a year ago , I could n't help but be suspicious of everything and everyone . It 's not that I thought someone was going to walk into my particular classroom and start unloading -- I realize the chances of this happening are about as small as my chances of retiring by age 30 -- but the events pushed my mind into "  what if " mode . Going to school on a large campus can be scary at times -- especially for incoming freshmen who are used to high school classes with less than 30 students -- but never more so than the days following tragedy . The fear does n't necessarily stem from the notion that danger is imminent , but rather from the idea that you do n't know who people really are and what they are capable of , or how you would react to straits so dire . The collective picture of the perpetrators is not an encouraging one , and rightfully so . The images of students banding together at memorials and vigils get locked in your mind . And after all the fear and frustration and anger and hopelessness dissipate , all we 've got is the future , where we ask , "  How do we prevent this ? " Of course , to know the accurate prevention measures , we have to know the cause . Though everything from violence in media to Goth culture have been examined , there is only one major link behind the motives of the shooters of past school shootings : mental instability . Looking back , everything from the Virginia Tech and Northern Illinois University incidents of the past year to the University of Texas clock tower and Cal State Fullerton Library massacres of 1966 and 1976 , respectively , have had killers who had previously been receiving psychological treatment . In the 1989 cole Polytechnique massacre in Montreal , Quebec , the psychological and psychiatric profile of the killer contained in the coroner 's report said , "  The multiple homicide/suicide strategy is ... known to be a characteristic of individuals who have a serious personality disorder . " Perpetrators of violent massacres do not think rationally , and if they are social isolationists who do n't have a close support group , prevention via medication and therapy can only be successful in stopping the relatively tame . Trying to ensure nonviolence on this micro level is like trying to eliminate interethnic combat on the macro level . Not gon na happen . So we focus on our safety . What do we do to protect ourselves ? I know ... Let 's talk about gun control ! With the increase in both violence and the attention paid to it with respect to college campuses , gun rights have been a topic that 's been under much discussion . Fantasies of vigilante justice fuel some students ' desires to carry a concealed weapon to class . Currently , only Utah allows students to carry guns on campus . Even Texas has explicit bans . Three years ago , a Virginia Tech student was reprimanded for carrying , and ensuing legislation to allow concealed weapons on colleges faltered before reaching the floor of the state Congress . With this knowledge , one wonders if , had decisions been made differently , there is a small possibility there would have been less than 32 balloons released at Virginia Tech 's first home football game . On the contrary , guns should n't need to be allowed on campus . After all , dorm rooms -- where many a party takes place -- are hardly the ideal setting for a gun to be readily available , and the frequency of school shootings is not high enough to convince many Americans that the rewards outweigh the risks . Unfortunately , it is high enough that all campus and city police departments need to have measures in place for such emergencies . In September 2006 , Montreal 's Dawson College learned response lessons from the aforementioned cole Polytechnique episode . Instead of police waiting until the SWAT team arrived , they took immediate action , and only one student was murdered . Arizona schools have begun purchasing long-range rifles for use in similar situations , and many other schools are re-evaluating their emergency-response procedures , but even those do n't guarantee safety . It takes a collaborative effort to keep us safe , but the burden should not be placed entirely on the students or the institution . Legislation needs to continue to be passed to help keep weapons from those who are dangerous to us , while preserving our individual rights , and we as concerned Americans need to encourage discussion of these matters within our congresses . Colleges and universities are a place of wisdom and expansion . Fear and bullets surely seem the antithesis . E-mail to a friend c  2008 Scoop Media , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	O'Neal says he could n't help but be suspicious of everything and everyone Images of students banding together at memorials and vigils get locked in your mind Guns should n't need to be allowed on campus , O'Neal says
CNN  -- Another patient is being tested in the United States for possible Ebola exposure -- this time , in California . The unidentified patient is being isolated in a "  specially equipped negative pressure room " at the Kaiser Permanente South Sacramento Medical Center . Trained staff are using protective equipment , coordinated with infectious disease specialists , to provide care for the patient , said Dr. Stephen M. Parodi , director of hospital operations at Kaiser Permanente Northern California , in a statement . The patient is considered "  low-risk " and tests are being conducted out of "  an abundance of caution , " the California Department of Public Health said . There are currently no confirmed cases of Ebola in the state , the agency said . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will be testing the patient 's blood samples to determine whether the Ebola virus is present . All necessary precautions are being taken to safeguard other patients and staff , the hospital said . No further information about the patient has been released . Earlier this month , a patient with a high fever and gastrointestinal symptoms was admitted to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City for Ebola testing , but tested negative . He recently traveled to a country in West Africa where Ebola has been reported , the hospital said in a statement . In July , two Americans , Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly , became infected with the virus when working with Ebola patients in Liberia . Both are currently being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . Ebola does n't spread through airborne or waterborne methods . It spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . There is no FDA-approved treatment for Ebola , and Emory will use what isolation unit supervisor Dr. Bruce Ribner calls "  supportive care . " That means carefully tracking a patient 's symptoms , vital signs and organ function and taking measures , such as blood transfusions and dialysis , to keep patients stable . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Emory 's isolation unit aims to optimize care for those with highly infectious diseases and is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Unidentified patient is being tested for possible exposure The CDC will be testing blood samples Another patient in New York City tested negative for Ebola earlier Two Americans infected with Ebola remain hospitalized in Atlanta
CNN  London 's Heathrow saw a record 73.4 million passengers travel through the airport last year . Crediting ` fast growing emerging markets ' as a driver for growth , passenger numbers at the UK 's busiest airport have increased by 1.4 % on 2013 's figures . Passenger volumes to and from the Middle East and Central Asia grew by 3.5 % , East Asia rose by 5.2 % and Latin American destinations increased by 6.3 % . As the UK 's largest port , Heathrow saw growth of 5.3 % in cargo volumes to 1.5 million metric tonnes . By comparison , the most recent Airport Council International passenger traffic figures places Heathrow as the world 's third-busiest airport . Beijing 's Capital International Airport is the second busiest , handling 83.7 million passengers , and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in the United States is the busiest airport , landing 94.4 million passengers in 2013 . Gatwick airport , the UK 's second largest , also saw an increase in passenger numbers of 7.6 % to 38 million . With Gatwick and Heathrow are currently involved in a battle to acquire a new runway in South East England , both airports have seized on the figures as justification for their expansion . Heathrow currently has two runways , while Gatwick has only one . In a statement John Holland-Kaye , CEO , Heathrow said : "  Only by expanding Heathrow can we add direct flights to the world 's growing cities , increase our exports and connect all of the UK to global growth . Expanding Heathrow will help Britain win the race for growth . " With Gatwick 's CFO Nick Dunn saying : "  Gatwick 's record-breaking figures show an airport serving the widest range of travel and airline models -- exactly what is needed from the decision about the UK 's next runway . " Heathrow airport also said December 2014 was ` its busiest ever ' month , with 5.93 million people traveling through the airport over the festive period , up 2.4 % over the same period in 2013 . The world 's most punctual airline is ... The average size of aircraft the airport handled during December also grew , with seats per aircraft up by 0.6 % to 208.4 . The average number of passengers also rose by 0.4 % to 159.6 per aircraft , while load factor -- a measurement used by the airline industry that shows how many seats are utilized -- remained ` strong ' at 76.6 % said the airport . More : Stunning new airports Also : The worst airports in 2014	Heathrow and Gatwick Airports had record passengers in 2014 Heathrow is now world 's third-busiest airport Both Gatwick and Heathrow are hoping to land a new runway
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congressional Republicans tore into the Obama administration over the economic stimulus plan Wednesday , arguing that the White House is mishandling the distribution of the money while overstating the ability of the package to create jobs . President Obama says his administration would not want to change its approach to the stimulus plan . They criticized the White House for referring to the number of "  jobs created or saved " by the $ 787 billion package -- a metric , they claimed , that is impossible to verify . The White House Office of Management and Budget defended the plan , arguing that every federal dollar spent has , by definition , helped to ease the pain of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression . The Republican and Democratic leaders traded their arguments during a contentious hearing before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . "  In selling the stimulus package , the administration promised the American people that -LSB- the -RSB- legislation would create or save 3.5 million jobs and prevent the U.S. unemployment rate from rising above 8 percent , " said Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California . "  I believe that the discredited Keynesian theory behind the effort is misguided , and I am convinced that it wo n't work , " said Issa , referring to the theories of economist John Maynard Keynes . "  Unfortunately , recent economic data has validated my opposition . " The economy has shed 3.4 million jobs over the past six months , according to the Department of Labor . The unemployment rate rose for the ninth straight month in June , climbing to 9.5 percent and hitting a 26-year high . "  From the moment he was elected , the president has put the economy front and center , " countered Rob Nabors , deputy director of the White House Office of Management and Budget . "  We are slowing the economic freefall -LSB- and -RSB- the recovery act is an important part of that effort . ... It 's a work in progress , but it 's steady progress . " Nabors said the reported loss of 467,000 jobs in June was disappointing , but it nevertheless represented an improvement from the 691,000 jobs lost on average in the first three months of the year . Republicans also criticized the use of stimulus funds to extend unemployment insurance . That kind of spending , while beneficial in some ways , does not "  dollar for dollar , create or save a job , " Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , said . "  I do n't see how you can say that , " Nabors replied . "  We believe that any dollar spent in the federal system will create or save a job , because what 's going on is we are putting dollars into people 's pockets to spur demand . " Congressional Democrats offered mixed reviews , arguing that the package was necessary , but improvements could be made in its implementation . "  Frankly , there is good news and bad news , " said the committee 's chairman , Rep. Edolphus Towns , D-New York . "  The good news is that money is flowing from the federal government to the states at a faster rate than the Congressional Budget Office predicted at the beginning of this year . " The bad news , he said , is a General Accounting Office finding of "  significant shortcomings in the targeting and tracking of recovery act spending . " Stimulus money should be primarily directed toward economically distressed areas , Towns said , but states vary substantially as to what constitutes such an area . Although many leading Republicans say the stimulus plan has been a waste of money , some economists -- like Nobel Prize winner and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman -- have argued the original measure was too small . Vice President Joe Biden said Sunday that the administration "  misread how bad the economy was , " but he told ABC 's "  This Week " that the pace of the stimulus program would be increasing . Speaking on NBC 's "  The Today Show , " Obama on Tuesday said "  rather than say ` misread , ' we had incomplete information . " He also told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that "  there 's nothing that we would have done differently . "  We needed a stimulus and we needed a substantial stimulus , " he said . Democratic leaders in Congress are now kicking around the idea of another stimulus . House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Tuesday he would consider supporting a second economic stimulus bill , but added that people need to give the package that passed in February more time to work . The president said he 's not taking the idea off the table , and one of his top economic advisers has already called for one . Republicans , however , have accused the White House of not getting its story straight . "  They said the stimulus was necessary to jumpstart the economy . Yet now , with about a half million jobs lost every single month , they 've started to admit that they simply ` misread ' the economy . These were costly mistakes , and we ca n't take them back , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday . Despite a tough year for Republicans , GOP strategists say the economy is part of the party 's road to recovery . "  Nothing has really galvanized the Republican Party more than the stimulus vote , " Republican strategist Doug Heye said . "  One thing that we 've seen is that the president 's popularity , while he 's still popular throughout the nation , really is taking hits in key states . " CNN 's Jim Acosta and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP says White House is exaggerating effectiveness of stimulus Office of Management and Budget : Each federal dollar helps ease economic pain Obama clarifies Biden 's comments that they "  misread " the economy Some House Democrats kicking around the idea of a second stimulus
CNN  -- Today 's world increasingly challenges us to think differently about value and money . How important is your reputation ? Does it have an impact on your finances ? What is the currency of reputation and is it transferable or exchangeable ? How is reputation created ? Reputation is co-created by individuals having experiences . Looking for a great Italian restaurant for dinner tonight ? Search Yelp reviews and see what people who have already dined at a place have to say about it . Want to know what it 's like to work with a potential hire ? Read their LinkedIn referrals . Wondering whether or not other people are happy with a product you 're about to buy ? Amazon reviews will tell you . You 've probably even shared your own experiences with something you enjoyed or warned others about a less-than-positive experience . Your FICO score in the United States measures your credit risk , which is really credit reputation , based on your behavior . Reputation is crucial for the new economics of the ` Sharing Economy ' Reputation is a requirement of the sharing economy . For Airbnb hosts and Uber and Lyft drivers , positive ratings are paramount to their success . It might seem crazy to stay at a stranger 's house , but on Airbnb host reviews facilitate trust among strangers . Your AirBnB , Yelp and eBay reviews have immense values outside their immediate platforms . Even though these reputation systems have been created for the specific company -- imagine how powerful it would be to have your reputation in one place . Uber and Lyft are both independent operator ride-sharing platforms . Both companies facilitate the connection between driver and passenger . Drivers must be reviewed and approved before giving rides through their system . In a move to gain more drivers and compete with Lyft , Uber reportedly offered bonuses to tempt already-approved Lyft drivers to the Uber platform . In some cases , it was apparently easier for a new driver to go through the Lyft approval process and then switch companies , than it was to apply directly to Uber . Reputation and the future Reputation will become an increasingly visible part of our everyday transactions . While we will create reputation on individual platforms , there will be an increasing demand for fluid exchange of reputation and ratings from one system to another . We 'll see tools to aggregate your reputation in one place . We may even see reputation system APIs developed to enable the transfer of your reputation to new platforms . Picture this : four friends having dinner in a restaurant in the not-too-distant future . After the meal , they pay using a "  Smart Check , " using integrated mobile payments , credit cards and private coins . As part of the Smart Check experience , diners can rate their experience immediately -- everything from individual dishes , the service , and even the restaurant itself . Or how about this -- it 's the year 2020 and a woman is searching for a motorcycle at an online classified site . As part of her search results , the seller 's reputation is shown . This makes it easy to decide which seller to deal with . Beyond these scenarios , expect to see more fluid exchange of reputation between their original systems -- akin to monetary exchanges . We 'll see more of personal reputation integrated in person-to-person transactions , which will enable deeper transactions in the resource sharing economy . This is an excerpt of a report on reputation currencies , written by Heather Schlegel and commissioned by the Institute of Customer Experience . You can download the full report here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heather Schlegel .	Reputation is crucial to the new "  Sharing Economy , " argues Heather Schlegel Airbnb , Uber , Lyft and eBay all depend on trust Schlegel says reputation will soon be transferable from one platform to another
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Mark Pryor 's newest campaign videos are hammering home the key issues that he 's hoping will energize female voters to come out in November : Domestic violence and equal pay . The Arkansas Democrat released a pair of videos on his YouTube page Wednesday attacking his Republican rival Rep. Tom Cotton for voting against equal pay legislation and against reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act . The crucial Senate race is locked in a statistical dead heat , and Pryor is playing up his advantage among women . "  We 've got to do something to break this cycle of domestic violence and Tom Cotton is not doing anything to help , " Paulette Hill , the director of a 24-hour emergency domestic violence shelter , says in one video called "  The End " . "  What 's Cotton got against women ? " Courtney , from Little Rock , Arkansas , says in another . "  Courtney " is a regular in Pryor 's ads , appearing in at least four videos this year and focusing specifically issues relevant to female voters . The videos also come one day after Pryor , the only remaining Arkansas Democrat in Congress , launched a "  Women for Pryor " tour to rally the demographic group that favors him over his Republican rival 48 to 39 % , according to a USA Today/Suffolk University poll released last week . That same poll showed the pair locked in a statistical dead heat , with Pryor holding a two-point advantage . A CNN poll released in early September showed Cotton leading by the same margin . Pryor 's latest videos on domestic violence strikes a sharply critical tone as the ad 's subject , Hill , says Cotton "  voted against protecting women and children from domestic abuse . " Cotton campaign spokesman David Ray pushed back against the ad claiming Pryor is "  making ridiculous election-year accusations . " "  While Senator Pryor is busy perpetrating a fictitious ` War on Women , ' it is the Obama-Pryor economic policies that have harmed so many Arkansas women by increasing the cost of everything from health insurance to gasoline to groceries , " Ray said in an email . And the campaign 's response echoed the theme of the Cotton 's latest minute-long ad posted on his campaign website the same day Pryor launched his "  Women for Pryor " tour . The minute-long ad features a woman , Gina , who says Pryor 's vote for Obamacare has hurt her small business . The ad also opens with Cotton walking alongside another woman . But Pryor 's ad focuses on the context of Cotton 's vote regarding the re-authorization of VAWA , and notes that one in four women are victims of domestic abuse -- a statistic backed by the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence . This wo n't be the first time Cotton has had to defend his vote on the domestic violence legislation , which he has said was too broad . Cotton 's website reads , "  Violence against women is unacceptable , period . " The Pryor-approved ad also states that Cotton was the only Congressman from Arkansas to "  vote this way " on reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act . Fellow Arkansas Reps. Steve Womack , Rick Crawford and Tim Griffin were also part of the 138 Republicans who voted against the final act last year . Those Congressmen had voted in favor of a Republican alternative though , but Cotton said no to both . The state 's other Senator , John Boozman , also voted against the bill that passed the Senate , but voted for the Republican alternative . But the Pryor ad is trying to paint a stark contrast with Hill closing the ad by saying : "  There 's a big difference between Mark Pryor and Tom Cotton , one wants to protect women and children , the other does n't . "	Pryor 's campaign released a pair of videos Wednesday , both highlighting women 's issues . Recent polling shows Cotton and Pryor are in a statistical dead heat . Both campaigns are reaching out to women voters this week .
"  Patting , touching , kissing and pinching . " As many of us probably suspect -- and as a number of books about the industry have suggested -- flight attendants are often the target of unwanted attention . Now a survey puts hard numbers -- and descriptions such as the one above -- to the sexual harassment encountered by flight attendants while on-duty . The Hong Kong-based Equal Opportunities Commission  EOC  announced its findings in a press release on Thursday . Conducted in partnership with the Hong Kong Flight Attendants Alliance  HKFAA  , the survey results are based on 392 responses to 9,000 questionnaires distributed between November 2013 and January 2014 among employees of the HKFAA 's member airlines , including Cathay Pacific , Dragonair , British Airways and United Airlines . Of survey respondents , 86 % were female and 14 % were male . EOC spokesperson Mariana Law told CNN that the percentage of respondents was low likely for two reasons . "  Most HKFAA flight attendants are not based in Hong Kong , so it may be difficult for them to respond , " said Law . "  Another reason is that some people may consider sexual harassment an embarrassing or difficult subject and they may not feel comfortable disclosing this information to others . " Among the report 's findings :  About 27 % of the respondents  29 % of women , 17 % of males  reported being sexually harassed while on-duty in-flight in the last twelve months .  Sexual harassment experienced by flight attendants was mostly manifested in the form of physical contact , described as "  patting , touching , kissing or pinching . "  Other forms of sexual harassment encountered included lewd jokes , "  staring in a sexual way , " "  showing obscene or pornographic materials " and explicit requests for sexual favors .  About 59 % of the sexual harassment came from customers , about 41 % from fellow workers , including senior cabin crew and cockpit members According to the EOC , flight attendants and the airlines that employ them are particularly vulnerable to sexual harassment initiated by passengers or clients . "  There is currently no legal provision protecting providers of goods , services and facilities against sexual harassment by their customers , " said Dr. John Tse Wing-ling , who leads the EOC 's Policy and Research Committee . "  In this connection , the EOC urges the  Hong Kong  Government to extend the coverage of the Sex Discrimination Ordinance to protect service providers against sexual harassment by customers , which the EOC has long recommended . " According to the EOC , most international airlines have a policy statement on sexual harassment .	Hong Kong Flight Attendants Alliance sent survey to its 9,000 members Sexual harassment mostly manifested in form of unwanted physical contact About 59 % of the sexual harassment came from customers , about 41 % from fellow workers In Hong Kong , no legal provision protects airlines against sexual harassment by customers
CNN  -- Kyle Rhodes loves to consider the possibilities : He could sport a long , full Viking beard , or maybe grow a mullet like his favorite 1980s hockey players . Or he could get something nice and clean like George Clooney 's signature 1990s Caesar haircut . They 're all choices he 's never had before -- he was diagnosed with alopecia areata at age 2 , and the hair on his head started falling out in patches . By 18 , he 'd lost all the hair on his head and body . One day his doctor at Yale University had a thought : Since Rhodes ' hair loss was caused by an autoimmune disease , why not try a treatment used for another autoimmune disorder ? He chose the drug Xeljanz , which is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis . Eight months later , Rhodes had a full head of hair . His eyebrows and eyelashes grew back , as did the rest of the hair on his body . "  I was ecstatic , " said his dermatologist , Dr. Brett King . "  I was truly overjoyed for him . " King is also cautiously optimistic for the 6.5 million others who suffer from alopecia acreata and who also may be able to benefit from the drug . He said he would like to try it out on more patients soon . But Dr. George Cotsarelis is n't so sure that 's a good idea . Some people who 've taken Xeljanz have died from infections such as tuberculosis , and others face an increased risk of cancer , according to the drugmaker 's website . "  This drug really can have some nasty side effects , " said Cotsarelis , chairman of dermatology at the University of Pennsylvania 's Perelman School of Medicine . "  You really have to decide how much risk you want to  take  . " King said he hopes to make a cream form of Xeljanz so that a patient can use it right at the source of hair loss rather than taking a pill and exposing the whole body to the drug . Neither doctor said he believes the drug will work for the common kind of baldness that comes with age . Cotsarelis was adamant about it because male pattern baldness is n't related to the immune system . But King said he thinks conducting more research is worth a try . "  To not imagine it would be crazy , " he said . "  The possibility should be imagined and should be investigated . " It 's not clear whether someone with hair loss would have to keep taking the drug for life . Rhodes said he continues to take it not so much for his full head of hair but because the drug has helped his psoriasis , which gives him painful dry , bleeding skin . His doctor recently upped the dosage to six pills a day in the hopes of making an even bigger dent against the disease . Rhodes said he 's had no side effects and he 's not scared to take the pill since he 's used other potentially dangerous drugs before to combat his skin diseases . What might make him stop taking it is cost . Xeljanz is a new , expensive drug . Without insurance it can cost $ 25,000 a year , according to King . Rhodes said his insurance pays for most of the cost . Pfizer , the company that makes the drug , agreed to give him a discount card that takes care of his $ 600 per month copayment , so for now he can afford it and enjoy a full head of hair . "  I find myself a lot of times just playing with it , " he said . CNN 's John Bonifield and Matthew Stucker contributed to this report .	Kyle Rhodes was diagnosed with alopecia areata at age 2 Rhodes lost all the hair on his head and body by 18 His doctor gave him a drug usually used to treat rheumatoid arthritis Drug may offer hope to others with alopecia areata , but it also can have harsh side effects
CNN  -- As his family , friends and co-stars mourn the loss of "  Glee " star Cory Monteith , there looms a very real issue for the popular series . How will the show handle the death of the man who portrayed one of its most beloved characters ? Monteith , 31 , was found dead Saturday in a Vancouver hotel room . An autopsy is pending . The actor portrayed Finn Hudson , a high school quarterback whose love affair with glee club diva Rachel Berry was a central plot in the show and also spun off a real life romance between Monteith and his co-star Lea Michele . With Monteith 's passing , Deadline noted that the show 's writers "  will consider what to do about the first two episodes in which the return of Monteith 's character was to have played an important part . " "  The first two episodes of the fifth season had been written before the traditional long summer hiatus , in order to get a jump on the new season ; production had been scheduled to start next week , " the site reported . "  The return of Monteith 's character , hunky high school football star turned glee club darling Finn Hudson , was much anticipated by fans , Monteith having been absent from the final episodes of last season to check himself into a drug treatment facility late last March . " "  Glee " creator Ryan Murphy has never been one to shy away from either controversy or weaving real life drama into his shows which have included "  Nip/Tuck , " "  American Horror Story " and the now canceled "  The New Normal . " In April , "  Glee " was criticized after airing an episode about a school shooting in the wake of the Sandy Hook elementary school tragedy in Newtown , Connecticut . That "  Glee " will address the tragedy is not in doubt , but how it will remains to be seen . Remembering Monteith as Finn It wo n't be the first television show to have to address the loss of a major character . Most recently , TNT 's "  Dallas " lost Larry Hagman who had played the iconic J.R. Ewing in both the original series and TNT 's reboot . That series decided to take his death in November 2012 from complications from cancer as an opportunity for a creative story line that would both address the beloved Hagman 's death and thrill fans . "  Larry 's death was terribly sad and sudden and we 'd certainly rather make the show with him than without him , " co-star Jordana Brewster told EW . "  That said , I think the writers really came up with a brilliant way to cope with the loss . It could have ruined the show and derailed everyone , but instead they made the best of it and actually came up with some really great stuff . " When actor John Ritter died of an aortic dissection in 2003 while filming his popular series "  8 Simple Rules , " ABC incorporated his character 's death into the show and brought in actors David Spade and James Garner . The show was eventually canceled in 2005 . While Monteith was not the main star of the ensemble cast of "  Glee , " his character was a central one and a fan favorite . Writing for Vulture , Lauren Hoffman said "  The loss of Finn alters the show 's landscape permanently and irrevocably . " "  Whenever Glee has been at a loss for story in the past , it 's circled back to three key relationships : Kurt and Blaine , Brittany and Santana , and Finn and Rachel , " Hoffman said . "  Monteith 's death and Heather Morris '  who played cheerleader Brittany Pierce  departure further destabilize a show already on shaky ground as it struggles to take on a more mature tone following the graduation of several of its main characters from high school . " Having concluded season four , "  Glee " has grappled with lower ratings and ingratiating new characters into the hearts of fans . When Monteith 's character along with several others graduated , new actors Melissa Benoist , Jacob Artist , Becca Tobin , Blake Jenner and Alex Newell were introduced . Even before Monteith 's death , it was announced that the new group would be bumped up to regulars in season five , while original stars Mark Salling , Amber Riley , Heather Morris and Harry Shum , Jr. would have reduced roles . It was also recently revealed that "  American Idol " runner-up Adam Lambert would be joining the show . There is already fan speculation as to how "  Glee " should handle the tragedy . Might the new group of students be pushed more to the forefront in the wake of the loss of Monteith ? Selina Wilken , a writer from Hypable which bills itself as being "  for fans , by fans , " suggested that producers could do anything from allowing Monteith 's Finn a happy ending off screen to "  breaking the fourth wall " and directly addressing the audience . "  Of course you could argue that there is no ` good ' or ` right ' way to handle this situation . Right now , in the face of such a devastating tragedy , the future of a TV show seems like the most unimportant thing in the world , " she wrote . "  But at the same time , we want Cory Monteith to be remembered . We want his life celebrated . We want Glee to honour both Monteith and his character , because that 's what he deserved . " No matter how the storyline is altered to accommodate Monteith 's death , it is clear that the loss is a huge one for the show . "  The musical comedy faces special circumstances , appealing as it does to a youthful demographic , swaths of which idolized or even ` carried a torch ' for Monteith , " wrote TVLine 's Matt Webb Mitovich . "  Viewers also will know the pain his on - / off-screen love , Lea Michele , herself must feel , every time they see Rachel . "	"  Glee " producers must now decide how to handle death of beloved actor Other shows have also had to address the loss of stars Fans are speculating as to what the show will do
CNN  -- Horace Silver , the innovative and prolific jazz pianist best known for such pieces as "  Song for My Father " and "  The Preacher , " has died . He was 85 . Silver died Wednesday in New Rochelle , New York , according to a statement from his longtime label , Blue Note Records . "  A pioneer of hard bop and original founder of The Jazz Messengers , Horace tempered bebop with elements of gospel , blues and R&B to create a soulful modern jazz concept that came to identify the ` Blue Note Sound , ' " said the legendary jazz label . The pianist was known for his light touch and ability to combine a variety of styles in his nimble playing . Though known for "  hard bop " -- an offshoot of bebop -- he seldom let boundaries contain his playing . "  His funky , unique and infectious piano-playing style set a standard for many pianists to follow , further cementing his well-deserved legacy , " the Recording Academy said in a statement . Mainstream audiences might be most familiar with Silver 's "  Song for My Father , " a mid - '60s composition that starts with a keyboard phrase later borrowed by Steely Dan for "  Rikki Do n't Lose That Number . " But unlike the brooding "  Rikki , " which came out a decade later , Silver 's composition is upbeat and joyful , with sprightly horns and rhythms evoking the island birthplace of Silver 's father , the former Portuguese colony of Cape Verde . Silver dedicated the piece to his dad and put him on the cover of the "  Song for My Father " LP  1965  . Silver was born in 1928 in Norwalk , Connecticut . He got his big break when the popular saxophonist Stan Getz heard him one night and asked him to join him in New York . "  I had maybe $ 700 in the bank and I had spent all that money on doctor bills , " he said in an interview with the magazine All About Jazz . "  But the good Lord was looking after me and Stan Getz came through Hartford and heard me and my trio and hired us . That was a blessing . " He formed the Jazz Messengers with drummer Art Blakey in 1953 , then left to form his own group two years later . That band , the Horace Silver Quintet , played on some of Silver 's most famous recordings . Silver is survived by a son , Gregory . People we have lost in 2014	Horace Silver was famed jazz pianist Silver co-founded Jazz Messengers , helped create "  hard bop " Composition "  Song for My Father " has keyboard phrase later used in Steely Dan hit
CNN  -- The father of the woman who was dragged away by officials loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi after telling journalists that some of his troops had beaten and raped her said Monday that his daughter is in Qatar . Eman al-Obeidy , who garnered worldwide attention for her vocal allegations against Gadhafi 's regime , had told CNN she fled Libya , fearing for her safety . Her father declined to provide further details about her whereabouts , but said he spoke to her Monday and she told him she is in Qatar . Al-Obeidy told CNN in a previous interview that she crossed into Tunisia on Thursday with the help of a defecting military officer and his family . She said she left Tripoli in a military car , wearing a head cover that hid everything except one eye . Al-Obeidy said she entered at the Dahibah border crossing disguised "  in the local manner " and was not challenged . She described the trip from Tripoli as "  very tiring . " Along the road to Tunisia , the car she was in was stopped several times at checkpoints , al-Obeidy said . The military officer would show his permit and they would be allowed to continue , she said . Al-Obeidy said she was able to make the crossing by using a refugee document . European diplomats drove her from the border region to Tunis , and gave her sanctuary there while she considered her future , according to Western diplomatic sources . She said she was afraid she was being followed and might still be in danger , adding that she hoped she could obtain protection from a Western government . "  I still do not know what I am going to do . Of course I 'd like to see my family , " she said , speaking in Tunisia . Al-Obeidy 's mother learned about her daughter 's escape after seeing news reports on TV , her father told CNN from the family 's hometown of Tobruk , Libya , on Sunday . Atiq Al-Obeidy said that his wife then called him , and both parents were overjoyed . Atiq Al-Obeidy admitted he was "  not optimistic " that his daughter would be able to safely leave Libya , thinking forces loyal to Gadhafi "  would do the worst to her , given his past . " "  I am extremely delighted , and I will be looking forward to more information about how she was able to escape , " the woman 's father said Sunday . Eman al-Obeidy received worldwide attention on March 26 , when she burst into the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli while international journalists staying there were having breakfast . She told reporters she had been taken from a checkpoint east of Tripoli and held against her will for two days while being beaten and raped by 15 men . In an interview with CNN last month , she said she felt defeated and lived in fear that she would be punished gravely for her words . "  I usually get harassed when I have to show my Identification card to government officials somewhere and they find out who I am and that I have put complaints forward against Gadhafi 's people , " she said . "  They humiliate me to the point where other people gather around and start saying that it is shameful to treat a Libyan woman that way . " The legal proceedings in her rape case have not gone far , she said last month . She also had not been able to go home . CNN 's Khalil Abdallah , Nic Robertson , Amir Ahmed and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Eman al-Obeidy accused Libyan security forces of rape in March She crossed into Tunisia on Thursday , she tells CNN She is hoping for protection from a Western government Her father says she is now in Qatar , declining to provide more detail
CNN  -- The man accused of killing a 9-year-old Indiana girl allegedly told police he beat her in the head with a brick , dismembered her body and stored parts of it in his freezer , according to court documents released Tuesday . Michael L. Plumadore , 39 , is charged with one count of murder in the death of Aliahna Lemmon , whose remains were found Monday night . She had been missing since Friday . Plumadore , described as a family friend , was being held without bond Tuesday after his initial court appearance . A hearing is scheduled for Friday . Allen County Sheriff Ken Fries told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Tuesday night that comments by Plumadore during the investigation indicated he was key to solving the case . In the probable cause affidavit released Tuesday , investigators with the Allen County Sheriff 's Department said Plumadore eventually admitted striking the girl repeatedly in the head with a brick while she stood on the front steps of his mobile home in the early hours of December 22 . He stored the body in garbage bags in a freezer at his house until evening , according to the affidavit , when he allegedly began to dismember it with a hacksaw . Plumadore allegedly told investigators he threw parts of the body in a nearby commercial trash bin , but kept the head , hands and feet in his freezer , according to the document . The document does not disclose a motive for the girl 's death . An autopsy was conducted , but Fries did not disclose the findings . Amber Story , the girl 's grandmother , had described Plumadore as a neighbor and close family friend . She said Aliahna and her two sisters were staying with Plumadore for about a week while Aliahna 's mother recovered from the flu . Prior to the suspect 's arrest , Story said she believed the girl could have sleepwalked out of Plumadore 's Fort Wayne home early Friday morning and been taken . She said Aliahna suffered from partial hearing loss and partial blindness and has gotten out of her home while sleepwalking before . Fries cited "  small inconsistencies " in Plumadore 's pre-arrest statements . Investigators did not believe the sleepwalking scenario , the sheriff told Grace . The sheriff said the case was an "  emotional roller coaster , " with officials initially hoping Aliahna would be found alive . CNN 's Deanna Proeller and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Inconsistencies found in suspect 's account , sheriff tells HLN Court document details an alleged confession in Indiana girl 's death The document says the suspect admitted to dismembering the girl Relative : The girl was staying with Michael L. Plumadore while her mom had the flu
CNN  The knock was faint . But , alerted by his two dachshunds , Larry Wilkins went to his door and opened it to see a young girl -- her lips quivering , her nose bloodied , her arms and legs scratched up . And , somehow , still alive . "  She told me that her mom and dad were dead , " Wilkins said of the girl , Sailor Gutzler . "  And that she had been in a plane crash . " The girl 's sister and cousin also died when their Piper PA-34 aircraft went down Friday evening in western Kentucky . Even with the plane upside down , the 7-year-old made it out and trekked three-quarters of a mile in the dark through what Wilkins described as "  very , very rough territory , " mired with fallen trees , creeks , ditches and blackberry briars . Sailor was barefoot except for one sock and was dressed for Florida -- shorts , no coat -- not for slogging through the January cold of Kentucky . Wilkins got her on his couch and called 911 , alerting authorities that a plane had gone down and there was at least one survivor . Kentucky State Police troopers arrived in about 10 minutes . Sgt. Dean Patterson said the girl was taken to a local hospital with injuries that were not life-threatening . "  She 's a terribly brave little girl , I 'll tell you that , " Wilkins said . "  I ca n't imagine a 7-year-old doing that . " FAA : Pilot reported engine problems The plane Sailor was on had left the warm , sunny climes of Key West , Florida , earlier Friday , heading for Mount Vernon , Illinois , a city roughly 80 miles east of St. Louis . Until something went wrong . Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen explained that air traffic controllers "  lost contact with a Piper PA-34 aircraft ... shortly after the pilot reported engine problems and  said  that he was diverting to the Kentucky Dam State  Park  Airport . " The twin-engine aircraft did n't make it , crashing in Lyon County , about 30 miles east of Paducah , and less than 10 miles from the airport . Two National Transportation Safety Board members left Washington late Saturday morning for Kentucky , agency spokesman Keith Holloway said . They will join FAA investigators there to try to find out what caused the crash . Kentucky State Police identified the dead early Saturday as Marty Gutzler , 48 ; Kimberly Gutzler , 46 ; and 9-year-old Piper Gutzler -- a husband , wife and their daughter . Also killed was 14-year-old Sierra Wilder , the survivor 's cousin . All were from Nashville , Illinois , a community of just over 3,000 people . Lt. Brent White told CNN affiliate KFVS that first responders "  worked tirelessly to find this wreckage and hopefully salvage the lives of those that were on board . " "  But , ultimately , it just was n't meant to be . " Their bodies were removed and the plane was covered early Saturday morning , Lyon County Judge Executive Wade White said . Patterson , with the state police , said that members of the NTSB were expected to arrive later in the day . Inclement weather was hampering the investigation , he said in a statement . "  Officials have indicated a minimum of two days to conduct an investigation at the scene , " he said . Marty Gutzler 's Facebook page showed photos of his smiling daughters , political posts and his family sitting in a small plane with him at the controls . The latest one is of him and his wife celebrating New Year 's Eve at a Key West resort . The Rev. Matthew Wietfeldt of Nashville 's Trinity Lutheran Church said those killed -- whom he 's known for four years -- "  will be deeply missed . " "  The Gutzlers were a wonderful family and wonderful members of our congregation and community , " Wietfeldt said . Kent Plotner , an attorney representing the family , said in a statement , "  The Gutzler family mourns the loss of Marty , Kim and Piper Gutzler and Sierra Wilder . We are devastated by this loss , but are confident that they rest in God 's loving arms . We ask that you respect our privacy at this difficult time . Please pray for us , especially for Sailor Gutzler . " A fund has been set up "  for the benefit of Sailor Gutzler , " at sailorgutzlerfund.com , Plotner said . "  The family thanks you for the heartfelt words of sympathy that have been expressed during this unimaginable loss , " he added . Plane crash sole survivors wrestle with guilt Police : ` It 's just really a miracle ' How the youngest person on the plane managed to emerge alive also hit close to home for many like Trooper White , who has an 8-year-old girl of his own . "  When I saw ... what appeared to be a 7-year-old child that had walked through this dense forest and through some really tough terrain and some awfully poor conditions tonight and survived this , " he said , "  it 's just really a miracle . " Wilkins says he believes Sailor saw his street lights through the woods and , thankfully , found him -- in one of only three homes in his neighborhood that are occupied in winter . White , the Lyon County executive , said the fact she went that way "  saved her life . " "  Any other direction could have ended badly with the cold weather , " he said . Sailor was released from Lourdes Hospital in Paducah just after 1 a.m. Saturday , state police said . Thinking about what the 7-year-old went through and what comes next brings tears to Wilkins ' eyes , he said . "  I just feel so sorry for that little girl , I ca n't understand it , " Wilkins said . "  I just ca n't imagine  going through  that , for someone that young . " I was the sole survivor : 4 stories of plane crash survival CNN 's Carma Hassan , Chandler Friedman , Ed Payne , Dave Alsup , Joe Sutton and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A fund has been set up to help the girl Man says a bloodied young survivor knocked on his door , asked for help Girl 's parents , sister and cousin die in the crash in western Kentucky
Dropping like flies . Yet another one of the names floated to replace outgoing Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has removed themselves from consideration for the role . According to a source familiar with the process , Mich  le Flournoy , former undersecretary of defense for policy , sent a letter Tuesday to the Board of Directors of The Center for a New American Security , a Washington , DC , think tank where she serves as CEO , that "  family concerns " drove her decision . The same source says that she informed the President of her decision last night . Flournoy is the third big name to remove themselves from the consideration process , after the President announced Hagel 's resignation on Monday . On Monday afternoon . a spokesperson for Democratic Sen. Jack Reed , who served in the Army 's 82nd Airborne , said he "  loves his job and wants to continue serving the people of Rhode Island in the United States Senate . " Another name that has been floated is Sen. Carl Levin , of Michigan . But an aide to Levin tells CNN that the retiring Armed Services Committee chairman has not been approached by the White House yet and he is not interested in the job . "  He is looking forward to returning home full time , " Levin 's spokeswoman Tara Andringa told CNN . Levin is 80 and has served six terms in the Senate . Other names being floated for the gig include White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough and  $ ` former Defense Secretary Colin Powell . But a source familiar with the search process tells CNN that neither are being considered . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson , on the other hand , could be in the mix , according to the source . A senior administration official said the President still wants to make his pick "  as soon as possible . " "  Days not weeks , " the official added . The official also said that the President 's preference remains that he wants somebody who is steeped in the inner workings of the Pentagon . The development that Flournoy had removed herself from consideration took several officials by surprise .	Michele Flournoy takes herself out of the running for Secretary of Defense Obama wants to pick a replacement for Hagel "  as soon as possible , " sources say Democratic Sen. Jack Reed , an Army veteran , also declined interest
CNN  -- A Belgian military bomb squad investigated a suspicious vehicle outside the United States Embassy in Brussels , Belgium , on Wednesday , but found "  nothing abnormal , " officials said . The building was "  evacuated this afternoon as a precaution while Belgian authorities investigated a suspicious vehicle in the vicinity , " the embassy said on Twitter . The incident began when a police officer noticed that the car did not have the official plate required for parking by the diplomatic mission . The officer checked and found something suspicious in the car , Brussels police spokeswoman Ilse Van de Keere said . She refused to say what prompted the officer 's concern . Police later said they saw wires coming from the car , but there was "  nothing abnormal to report . " Technicians are continuing to investigate the vehicle , and police are trying to determine who owns it and how it came to be parked near the embassy , they said . The incident came just over a month after a fake bomb attached to a vehicle as part of a terrorism drill by the U.S. Embassy in Oslo , Norway , triggered a security alert at that embassy . The U.S. Embassy had a rehearsal for a terrorism incident in mid-July , spokeswoman Siv Alsen of Norway 's Police Security Service said . They "  used fake bombs , and one of those bombs was not removed " from the vehicle it was attached to , sparking the July 31 alert , Alsen said . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux , Andrew Carey and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	A suspicious vehicle prompts the Belgian Defense Ministry to send a bomb squad The car has no explosives but police are investigating how it got there The alert follows a scare at the U.S. Embassy in Norway a month ago
