LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Like all zombie movies , "  Zombieland " has hundreds of zombies doing awful things , such as attacking and eating humans , but you could argue it 's not a zombie movie . Jesse Eisenberg and Woody Harrelson find themselves battling the undead in "  Zombieland . " Zombie hordes do chase the main characters in a post-apocalyptic world , but the focus is on the comedy 's stars , including two Oscar nominees -- Woody Harrelson and Abigail Breslin -- along with Jesse Eisenberg and Emma Stone . Spoiler alert : A third Oscar nominee makes a remarkable cameo appearance , but this story will avoid spoiling the surprise by naming him . "  We wanted to make a cool , kick-ass road movie about a dysfunctional family traveling across the country and zombies provide us the antagonists , the threat that our characters need to come together , " said Paul Wernick , who wrote the screenplay with partner Rhett Reese . In fact , Wernick had only seen one zombie film before writing this script . Reese , who is a fan of the genre , kept the story on a track that would feed zombie fans ' hunger for blood-and-guts action . " -LSB- The -RSB- zombie genre is so well traveled , there is really no reason to get into it unless we could do it in a fresh , different way , " Reese said . "  We were almost forced to think outside the box to make it an entertaining zombie movie . " "  Zombieland " is set in the United States months after a fast-moving virus begins turning most people into flesh-eating zombies . A handful of survivors come together to fight back . Wernick and Reese literally rewrote the rules for zombie films in this movie . Eisenberg 's character is an obsessive-compulsive man who developed 47 rules -- such as "  fasten your seat belt " -- designed to help him survive in Zombieland . While Eisenberg journeys to find his parents , he joins Harrelson , a zombie killer who is searching for the last Hostess Twinkie before its expiration date . Stone and Breslin play sisters who survive on their con artist skills . Their goal is to reach a California amusement park , which they think could be free of zombies . The cross-country trip these four characters share resembles "  National Lampoon 's Vacation " -- if written and directed by Quentin Tarantino . Watch the stars of the film talk about zombie fans " Wernick said they wanted to be "  very freewheeling . " The movie "  gives the audience the thrill of the journey , " he said . "  We wanted to take some wild turns . " "  The rules that we lived by when writing this is in fact that there are no rules , " he said . "  Zombieland " may be to zombies what Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds " is to Nazis . Wernick and Reese , who have been close friends since high school , often finish each other 's sentences as if they were an old married couple . "  When we were trying to get ` Zombieland ' off the ground back in the early days , we ... " Wernick said . " ... assaulted Tarantino at an awards show , to try to get him to read the script , " Reese said . "  That did n't work out , " Wernick said in conclusion to their joint thought . "  He thought we were zombies coming after him . " "  Zombieland , " directed by Rubin Fleischer , offers many of the same elements as a Tarantino film . " -LSB- Tarantino -RSB- is all about dialogue , character , irreverence , pop culture and we love all those things over the years , " Reese said . "  We have always been inspired by him . " The writers had to run through a number of actors before finding the person for the 10-minute cameo . Among them was Patrick Swayze , the writers ' first choice . Swayze , who died just two weeks before the movie 's release , turned down the role because of ill health earlier this year . Also asked : Joe Pesci , Steven Seagal , Jean-Claude Van Damme , Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , Matthew McConaughey , Mark Hamill , Kevin Bacon and Sylvester Stallone . They were asked , but either did n't want the role or were not available , according to Wernick and Reese . With just a few days before filming the scenes , they asked Harrelson to look in his cell phone for names and numbers . He came up with a man who 's been an Oscar nominee and Emmy winner . And now , he 's got a key role in a zombie film .	In new movie "  Zombieland , " focus is on the stars and the comedy Movie 's performers include Woody Harrelson , Abigail Breslin One of film 's writers had seen just one zombie film in his life Among movie 's surprises : a cameo from an Oscar-nominated actor
CNN  -- China will host the World Athletics Championships for the first time in 2015 , when Beijing will become the fourth Asian city to stage the biennial event . Beijing , which hosted the 2008 Olympic Games , will follow in the footsteps of Japan 's Tokyo  1991  and Osaka  2007  , and South Korea 's Daegu -- which will host next year 's 13th edition . "  To help build up our sport and the culture of athletics in a country of 1.6 billion inhabitants is a great opportunity , " International Association of Athletics Federation president Lamine Diack said in a statement on Saturday . "  As we sometimes say , China is not a country , it 's a continent . So this is a fantastic opportunity for our sport and for the sport in China . " China , which hosted the 2006 World Junior Championships in Beijing , has targeted top athletics events since the 1980s . "  This is the most important sporting event for China since the 2008 Olympic Games , " Beijing 's Vice-Mayor Liu Jingmin told the IAAF website . "  We thank you for your trust . We will deliver a high standard event in Beijing which will open a new chapter in the Championships ' standards . " Meanwhile , China continued its dominance of the Asian Games it is hosting in Guangzhou on Saturday , extending its gold medal tally to 138 . South Korea remained second with 52 golds , while Japan has 29 ahead of Iran on eight and Hong Kong and Thailand  both seven  . China completed a clean sweep of the seven table tennis titles , with No. 1 Ma Long coming from behind to beat compatriot and defending champion Wang Hao 9-11 11-8 11-7 11-3 4-11 12-10 in the men 's final . Li Xiaoxia won the women 's gold , beating her doubles partner and defending champion Guo Yue after saving a match-point in the sixth game . Wang Shixian won the women 's badminton singles title in another all-Chinese final , upsetting top-ranked Wang Xin . But China was denied gold in the men 's snooker , with Hong Kong 's Marco Fu beating two-time defending champion Ding Junhui 4-2 in the final . And its women 's football team will not contest Monday 's title match after losing 1-0 in the semifinals to Japan , with Shinobu Ohno scoring an extra-time winner . Japan will face North Korea , who also needed extra-time before beating South Korea 3-1 .	The 15th edition of the World Athletics Championships will be held in China Beijing , which hosted the 2008 Olympics , named as fourth Asian city to stage event China continues dominance of the Asian Games it is hosting in Guangzhou Clean sweep of seven table tennis titles extends China 's gold medal tally to 138
Paris , France  CNN  -- In 1883 , what was to become the iconic Orient Express train pulled out of Paris ' Gare de l'Est on its maiden voyage to Istanbul , or Constantinople as it was known at the time . It was the creation of an entrepreneurial Belgian , George Nagelmackers , who had already founded the Paris-based parent company , the Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits . Now , the SNCF French national rail company is planning on bringing the Orient Express back to life and before doing so has teamed up with the Arab World Institute to bring to the public a long lost era when time had another meaning and traveling to Istanbul took four days and three nights . Levantine dream It 's important to make one thing clear right away : the superb new exhibit , Once Upon a time the Orient Express , thoroughly indulges in Orientalism ; the exhibit celebrates the romanticized images that Westerners had of the Middle East during the late 19th century to the first half of the 20th . From the British Museum to the Tate Modern , mega-museums go big Curator Claude Mollard and his advisers were perfectly aware that they might be accused of colonial nostalgia , and have gone about the exhibit intelligently , putting it into the historic and political context of the time . Moreover , that this world was a Western fantasy no longer becomes important when visitors board the several perfectly restored carriages of the Orient Express parked in front of the Arab World Institute : we would all have liked to be passengers on the train . Stepping back in time The idea , explained Mollard , is to climb on board and imagine that the train has stopped in a station and the passengers have gotten out to stretch their legs , leaving their possessions in the carriages , a fur , a silk scarf or a tweed jacket draped over the seats . The first carriage is the 1929 Flèche D'Or , luxuriously decorated by René Lalique with molten glass nymphets set in panels made from Cuban mahogany . Champagne flutes are set on a table ; a coat and women 's scarf are thrown negligently over the back of a club chair . A copy of Le Figaro newspaper from 1883 refers to the Orient Express 's first trip ; photographs were not yet in use , the article is accompanied by an engraving of the train . Scrap metal find turns out to be a $ 33 million Faberge golden egg On another table there is a bottle of brandy and a package of Gitanes cigarettes . The décor makes reference to the personalities who traveled in the train and often wrote about it -- French novelist Pierre Loti , Robert Baden-Powell when he worked as an intelligence officer using the cover of a butterfly collector or Mata Hari , the spy . Josephine Baker was involved in an Orient Express rail accident in 1931 when Hungarian fascists destroyed a section of a viaduct near Budapest ; she gave an impromptu concert to calm the survivors . One table is set up with a Remington portable typewriter in honor of Graham Greene , whose 1932 novel Stamboul Train , later adapted to film , was set on the Orient Express . In another compartment identical to the one in scenes from the 1963 Bond film From Russia with Love , the movie is projected onto a screen . With wall panels in precious wood and door handles in gilded brass , each compartment had a matching washbasin and a built-in toiletries cabinet . Is Paris still cool ? Naturellement The 1929 Train Bleu 's décor was more abstract with Lalique floral motifs in molten glass set into plane tree paneling . A salon-bar is equipped with bridge tables and armchairs ; gambling was regular pastime during the journey . Cupboards are stocked with champagne and Bordeaux wine . The exhibit would not be complete without mention of Agatha Christie , whose celebrated 1934 novel "  Murder on the Orient Express " took place almost entirely on the train . Christie 's place at a table is set up opposite her archeologist husband Max Mallowan with whom she frequently traveled , taking the extension of the Orient Express , the Taurus Express , which covered routes from Istanbul to Cairo , Teheran and Basra , passing through the cities of Aleppo , Jerusalem , Beirut or Baghdad . Icon of travel The second part of the exhibit is inside the Arab World Institute and includes an exact model reproduction of the Orient Express chugging around on a long toy track .  The actual speed was 70 kilometers an hour  . A section of the museum is devoted to the Arab world and the Taurus Express train extension . A large-scale interactive map helpfully points out the major historical and political changes in the region from the fall of the Ottoman Empire , the Sykes-Picot agreement , the First World War , the Second World War up to the creation of the Israeli state . A gorgeous collection of Art Deco vintage travel posters is displayed , depicting the Pyramids and other Levantine monuments in vibrant colors , but also luxury hotels . The Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits opened hotels  such as the Pera Palace in Istanbul  in many of the cities the Orient Express and Taurus Express stopped in , in order to provide passengers with the luxury they were accustomed to . One of the highlights of the exhibit is a documentary made in Lebanon with two former employees of the Taurus Express . At 95 and 100 years respectively , one sold Taurus Express tickets for Thomas Cook in Aleppo , while the other was a mechanic . These men provide the link to today 's world and are living proof of another epoch . The exhibit may travel next to Vienna , which was the last destination the Orient Express traveled to from Paris , to Liège , the birthplace of George Nagelmackers , and finally , Istanbul . Too haute to handle : Inside the world 's biggest furniture fair Google 's new Motion Photography Prize transforms humble GIF into high art Twentieth century 's most stunning jewels	A new exhibition aims to show the former splendor of Orient Express The iconic train 's first voyage was in 1883 , and it connected Paris to Istanbul with stops on the way The train 's luxurious carriages welcomed royalty , business elites and celebrated artists It also inspired many novels such as Agatha Christie 's "  Murder on the Orient Express "
CNN  -- Iran is lauding the successful test-firing of new missiles , including one designed to destroy "  all types of enemy military equipment , " state media said . U.S. officials say they 're paying close attention . The Iranian Defense Ministry said the new missiles include a laser-guided surface-to-surface and air-to-surface missile as well as a new long-range ballistic missile that can carry multiple warheads , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported . Iranian Defense Minister Brig. Gen. Hossein Dehqan said the long-range ballistic missile can evade enemies ' anti-missile defense systems and has "  the capability of destroying massive targets and destroying multiple targets . " Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby said the agency has seen the reports . "  Iran 's missile program continues to pose a dangerous threat to region , and is an issue we monitor closely , " he said . Kirby noted that U.N. Security Council Resolution 1929 prohibits Iran from undertaking any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons , including launches using ballistic missile technology . Iran 's missiles testing comes just days after Iranian warships reportedly were en route toward U.S. maritime borders , according to Fars . "  Iran 's military fleet is approaching the United States ' maritime borders , and this move has a message , " Iranian navy Adm. Afshin Rezayee Haddad said , according to Fars . The plan , Fars reported Saturday , serves as a response to the United States beefing up its naval presence in the Persian Gulf . The U.S. 5th Fleet is based in Bahrain . But a U.S. military official said there was no operational information to support the claim . The timing of Iran 's missile testing is notable for another reason : Fars said it happened on Monday , the eve of the 35th anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution . The revolution signified the end of Iran 's Western-backed monarchy under Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi and the beginning of an Islamic republic . On Tuesday , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani delivered a speech celebrating the revolution -- and slamming the United States . "  The revolution started because people did n't want to accept humiliation , " Rouhani told his country . "  Is it possible for the great revolutionary people , it is possible for this nation to accept humiliation by foreign powers or America after 35 years ? It is as if they have not recognized the great nation of Iran . They do n't have the right understanding and knowledge of the Iranian people . " Iran 's navy aims to make PR splash with voyage CNN 's Saad Abedine , Jim Sciutto , Barbara Starr and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Iran 's president slams the U.S. in a speech marking the Islamic Revolution Last week , a navy official reportedly said warships were headed to U.S. maritime borders A U.S. official said there was no operational information to support that claim The latest Iranian claim came a day before the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution
CNN  -- New ships , expanded technology and pop culture phenomena are some of the factors making 2014 an alluring year for a vacation at sea . January through March is known as "  wave season " -- when cruise lines roll out perks and promotions to entice travelers . But do n't fret if you 're not ready to plunk down your credit card . Experts are predicting more year-round savings at sea . The traditional wave season booking window can be a great time to snag a deal such as 2-for-1 fares , on-board credits and suite upgrades , according to online cruise guide Cruise Critic , but it does n't always reflect rock-bottom pricing . Cruise Critic Editor-in-Chief Carolyn Spencer Brown says that she 's expecting this year to bring "  especially competitive pricing " in the Caribbean , because of an influx of ships plying those waters . And if Alaska is on your cruising bucket list , she says now is a great time to book and take advantage of discounts for travel in April or May . Blood Falls and other natural oddities "  The first tip for saving money is not to primarily focus on saving money , " Spencer Brown says . Good value comes from not only getting the right price but also in finding the right trip for your vacation needs and preferences . To that end , Christine Duffy , president of Cruise Lines International Association , says online research is fine , but ultimately working with a trained agent will get you the best prices because cruises are "  much more complicated than booking a flight from point A to point B. " Agents familiar with all the options can help with cabin selection , shore excursions and even packaging airfare to get the lowest price . Follow your preferred cruise line on social media to keep up with flash sales and seasonal specials . Once you 're on board , amazing add-ons can boost your experience , but they usually come with a hefty price tag . Check to see if your cruise line offers any advance-purchase deals for dining , alcohol or spa treatments . And "  keep an eye out for specials advertised in the daily program , " Spencer Brown advises , as those can be big money savers . 12 months , 12 amazing adventures Stick to a set budget for a la carte purchases for a vacation free of financial surprise and use the on-screen feature on your cabin TV to track your daily spending . "  Be sure to resolve any concerns before the final day , " Spencer Brown says . Cruising in 2014 is a far cry from the lazy stereotypes of bygone years ; today 's cruiser can plan on zip lining and skydiving between meals shared with "  The Cat in the Hat " or a favorite musician . Pop culture has invaded the oceans . Here are five things cruise lines are doing to lure new and repeat cruisers : Creating exotic and intimate experiences Cruise ships are getting a warm welcome in Asia , where Cruise Lines International Association says 3.7 million passengers per year are expected by 2017 . From the wilderness of the Russian Far East to ports in Myanmar and Malaysia , there 's an emphasis on taking passengers to places far off the beaten path . Singapore , Hong Kong , Thailand and Japan are also beckoning cruise ships . What 's more , exotic destinations can also equal top cruising value , according to Spencer Brown . "  Destinations like Japan , Norway and Australia offer exceptional value for money , as exploring them by land tends to be extremely expensive , but traveling by cruise ship costs much less and is often more convenient , " she says . The Cruise Critic editor also flags the Panama Canal as a hot spot ; it turns 100 this year , with a new visitors ' center ready to welcome cruise passengers . The rivers of the world are also commanding more attention , with tailored itineraries and smaller , luxury vessels attracting globetrotters . River cruising is the fastest-growing segment of the cruise industry , says Duffy , with eight of the 17 new ships due out in 2014 destined for river journeys . Offering shorter -- and longer -- voyages To attract first-timers wary of an entire week at sea , cruise lines are offering more weekend-length cruises . At the same time , lines have realized that sometimes , the typical shore excursion does n't allow enough time to revel in all that a port has to offer , so itineraries have changed . For example , Norwegian and Royal Caribbean spend more than a day in Bermuda , Carnival ships stop overnight in Nassau , Bahamas , and a Seabourn sails with a three-day stopover in St. Petersburg , Russia . Improving connectivity Connectivity is at an all-time high on the high seas , with bow-to-stern Wi-Fi and less expensive communication services than in years past . Cruise lines have spent millions revamping their wireless infrastructures , increasing bandwidth for faster connection speeds and even offering perks such as 500 minutes of free Wi-Fi that 's given to concierge-level cruisers aboard Regent Seven Seas Cruises . These are especially appealing to the social media-loving millennial crowd , who ca n't wait to share their vacation experiences via Twitter and Instagram . Harnessing the power of pop culture The "  wow " factor of cruising is still strong , with ships constantly trying to outdo each other , not only with bigger and better berths but also with unique activities and elite celebrity associations . This year marks the debut of "  Seuss at Sea , " a family program on Carnival Cruise Lines , featuring Dr. Seuss-themed fun including "  Green Eggs and Ham " breakfasts , costume parades and character events . Adults will have no problem finding their pop culture fix afloat , thanks to programs such as "  Dancing With the Stars at Sea " competitions on Holland America , which will lead to a complimentary seven-day "  champions cruise " for 15 finalists and their guests in December . For the less competitive , every Holland America cruise offers free dance classes based on routines from the hit TV show . Rolling out new ships Every year brings new vessels designed to convince landlubbers of the advantages of a journey at sea . While this year brings fewer "  mega ships " than in the past , innovation remains in the forefront on ships of all sizes . Here is a handful of this year 's newcomers : • Quantum of the Seas : This Royal Caribbean ship gets the "  wow factor " award , with a skydiving simulator , bumper cars , an aerial viewing pod and inside cabins with "  virtual balconies " thanks to giant LCD screens showing an ocean view . • Norwegian Getaway : The Broadway musical "  Legally Blonde " will be on board as well as the line 's signature special-effects magic show . Miami pop artist David "  Lebo " Le Batard was commissioned for the ship 's impressive hull art , which features a whimsical mermaid . • Costa Diadema : Diadema is Italian for tiara , and this ship will be the largest and most modern built for Costa Cruises . Set to launch in late 2014 , it will hold more than 3,700 passengers and feature public areas that resemble a beachfront resort . • Avalon Waterways ' Illumination : This is one of three Avalon Suite Ships coming out in 2014 ; each features two decks of panorama suites with wall-to-wall windows , complimentary Wi-Fi and alfresco dining options . • Viking Cruises Longships : Fourteen of these will launch from Avignon , France . Each will hold fewer than 200 passengers and offer five cabin sizes , including massive 445-square-foot Explorer Suites with balconies off the bedrooms and living rooms . • Regal Princess : An adults-only pool , a glass-enclosed "  SeaWalk " extending 128 feet over the water and balconies for all outside cabins are among the highlights on this 3,560-passenger vessel . • Pearl Mist : All 108 staterooms have private balconies on this new luxury ship being built for Pearl Seas Cruises . What 's more , a dozen of the cabins were built for solo travelers . 11 places to go in 2014	Expert expects "  especially competitive " cruise prices in the Caribbean this year Follow cruise lines on social media for flash sales and seasonal specials New ships , itineraries and pop culture tie-ins are spicing up the options in 2014
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Singer Chris Brown , sought by Los Angeles police after an alleged domestic violence incident , turned himself in Sunday , police said . Chris Brown attends a party saluting music producer Clive Davis in Beverly Hills , California , on Saturday . Brown , nominated for two Grammy Awards , was a no-show Sunday night at the nationally televised awards show . He was scheduled to perform at the show . His girlfriend , singer Rihanna , abruptly canceled her planned Grammys performance , but neither her spokesman nor the show organizers gave a reason . "  Rihanna is well , " her spokesman said in a written statement . "  Thank you for concern and support . " Police have not identified the alleged victim , who they said "  suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker . " Brown , 19 , and Rihanna , 20 , were seen together Saturday night at a pre-Grammys dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton , about five miles from where police said the alleged incident happened at 12:30 a.m. Sunday . The police statement said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood 's Hancock Park when "  they became involved in an argument . " "  After stopping his car , Brown and the woman got out and the argument escalated , " police said . After receiving a 911 call at about 12:30 a.m. Sunday , officers found the woman at the scene of the alleged fight , but Brown had left , the department said . Investigators were treating the incident as a possible felony battery case , police said . Executives with Brown 's record label at the Grammy Awards told CNN they knew nothing about the incident and declined further comment . Brown was nominated for two Grammys this year , including in the best male R&B vocal performance category for his song "  Take You Down . " He also shares a best pop collaboration with vocals nomination with Jordin Sparks for "  No Air . " The introduction to the CBS broadcast of the Grammys , apparently pre-taped , listed both Brown and Rihanna as performers .	NEW : Police : Brown turned himself in after woman accused him of attacking her Brown a no-show at Grammy Awards , where he was to perform Sunday Brown , woman were in vehicle when alleged fight started , authorities say Police have n't named woman ; Brown 's girlfriend , Rihanna , cancels performance
CNN  -- When I heard that Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas are divorcing I was surprised at my own reaction , which was , honestly , sadness . I always thought they were an exciting couple -- both are passionate people who conquered a risky business , and each had a past that was just a little messy . Griffith had three marriages before meeting Banderas , two of which were to Don Johnson . Banderas had one previous marriage , but was certainly the epitome of the "  Latin lover " in looks if not swagger . And yet they seemed deeply in love and stalwartly committed to each other over the years . I know -- they are a Hollywood marriage , which can be a minefield for marital stability . But for better or worse , these are also real people marrying with hopes of being together forever . Because they are famous , we follow their lives through the tabloid or lifestyle magazines . They become part of our daily landscape and in a strange way as we become invested in their welfare . I realized as a read the story of their breakup that I wanted them to stay together -- forever . I wanted their private lives to have the "  happily ever after " of their movies . I thought this pair had deeper roots and a deep enough connection to last for the long run . So , I think my sadness came from the recognition about how unrealistic I was . Hollywood marriages face special pressures that hurt their odds of lasting forever . But even if they were an average couple , the truth is that having made it to 18 or 20 years as they did , does not , in the slightest , guarantee you a sealed forever deal . Marriages these days can fall apart at any stage of the relationship . The famously enduring marriage of Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward turns out to be more of an anomaly than a model . Really , when you think of it , Newman and Woodward were cast from a mold that was formed by a different generation and that mold appears to be broken . Now , long marriages have no guarantees of continuance , even if they have lasted decades . Just ask Robert Redford and Lola Van Wagenen  27 years  or Jerry Lewis and Patti Palmer  36 years  . In fact , the statistics tell us that the biggest percentage increase in divorces is among people over 50 . So if you thought that getting older formed a protective bubble over your relationship , think again . Lifetime marriage is turning into a crapshoot for many people , especially Baby Boomers . Maybe holding on till "  death do them part " is least likely for Hollywood stars whose work takes a hard toll on their relationships and whose exit from marriages is not generally impeded by financial concerns . But really , no marriage is immune against what seems to be an epidemic of marital unraveling . Well , so be it . But we can do things that give us better odds of staying with our spouse . To me , that means we have to be intentional about our relationship every day , year , and decade we are together . We have to aim high , have a lot of fun , work hard at being each other 's lover and friend and always do everything we can to repair problems along the way . If it ends , it ends -- but it should n't die without having been given every chance to live . So , lets be realistic . You ca n't predict the future . I thought about this as I was looking at a photo of Melanie Griffith and saw a huge tattoo on her arm that said "  Antonio . " Uh-oh -- I thought . If you yearn to have a name tattooed on your body , choose your mom 's or the name of your first pet . Otherwise , take it from Melanie , Antonio and countless others : Even long marriages have an uncertain future . I am not saying to plan for an exit while you are trying to make a solid entrance , I am just saying -- take care and have a Plan B.	Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas are divorcing after 18 years of marriage Pepper Schwartz : Hollywood marriages are tough to maintain , but so are normal ones She says lifetime marriage is turning into a crapshoot , especially for Baby Boomers Schwartz : We have to aim high , have lots of fun , work hard at being loving to our spouse
CNN  -- Fast-food restaurants that have long catered to the hungry patron with super-sized entrees are now targeting the nibbler , offering smaller , snack-sized portions . Dairy Queen is the latest eatery to shrink a popular menu item . In late July , it plans to roll out a 7-ounce Mini Blizzard , 5 ounces tinier than its current "  small " frozen treat . "  Our customers really wanted it , " said Dean Peters , International Dairy Queen 's associate vice president of communications . "  They really requested a smaller-portion size of our blizzard -- smaller appetites . We also felt there was an opportunity there with a smaller size Blizzard -- which is our signature product -- to perhaps bundle it with a combo meal or a food meal , as well . " Dairy Queen is n't the only big-name restaurant shrinking menu items . Last February , Burger King introduced a line of mini-burgers called "  BK Burger Shots . " Executives at the time touted that while the product "  might look small ... they are full of the big , flame-broiled taste . " McDonald 's Big Mac Snack Wrap also hit stores last year . This offering relocates the innards of the Big Mac -- burger , pickle , special sauce , lettuce , cheese -- in a tortilla to create a small burger-burrito hybrid . There have been sporadic attempts to downsize on fast-food menus in recent years . Denver-based Quiznos , began offering a tiny wrap sandwich called the Sammie geared to snackers in 2007 . And doughnut shops like Dunkin' Donuts have fed the masses with doughnut holes rebranded as "  Munchkins "  or Timbits , if you 're a patron of Tim Hortons  . DQ unveiled its Mini Blizzard after seven months of testing in about 100 of its 5,700 stores . The new size comes on the 25th birthday of the frozen treat and the 70th anniversary of the chain . "  We really felt that this was an opportune time to introduce our Mini Blizzard to all of our loyal customers , and of course people can come in more often and enjoy their favorite Blizzard flavor , " Peters says . But just because the menu item shrinks does n't mean it will stick around . Despite a Twilight-themed media blitz in 2009 , BK Burger Shots have disappeared from the Burger King menu . Officials were n't immediately available for comment as to why .	Fast-food restaurants are now targeting the nibbler , with smaller , snack-sized portions In July , Dairy Queen will offer a 7-ounce Mini Blizzard , 5 ounces tinier than its current "  small " Last year , Burger King introduced BK Burger Shots , which disappeared Doughnut shops , such as Dunkin' Donuts , tempt the masses with doughnut holes
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Wednesday night 's broadcast . CNN 's Campbell Brown says 35 children have been dumped since Nebraska made its law . CNN  -- Right now in the state of Nebraska , the governor is literally begging people not to bring their teenage children there to dump them , so that the state then has to care for them . But it 's happening . It 's happening a lot . Here is the back story : You may have heard of safe haven laws . The laws are intended to allow parents to leave an infant at a hospital anonymously and not face prosecution . The goal is to try to prevent unwanted babies from being abandoned . The problem is that unlike other states , Nebraska set no age limit when it passed its safe haven law a few months ago , so people are literally dropping off kids of all ages at Nebraska hospitals . Watch Campbell Brown 's commentary " In some cases , they are driving to Nebraska from other states to abandon their children . The state Legislature this week is expected to change the law because of this to now impose an age limit . But the 35 kids who have already been dumped are now part of a system . They 're old enough to know what 's happened . One social worker said some had begged their parents or guardians not to leave , saying they might not understand why they 're being left , but they know they 're being left . No change in Nebraska 's law will deal with the fact there are clearly a lot of parents out there willing to walk away , or they 're so overwhelmed they do n't know what else to do . One mother who drove from Georgia to leave her son at an Omaha hospital said , "  Do n't judge me as a parent . I love my son . " What about family , friends , church , neighbors , social services in your home state ? Do all of these options really not exist for that mother ? Maybe they do n't . Maybe she really did feel that helpless . Nebraska can and will change its law this week , but it seems to me it has just opened a Pandora 's box . We have to look and look hard at what is apparently a failure by our states to offer families any other recourse . What is happening in Nebraska should be a wake-up call . We have to look at why in just the few months that law was on the books , 35 children were left behind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Nebraska law allows children of any age to be left without penalty Parents have been coming from out of state to dump children Brown wonders what would lead a parent to abandon a child She says state and local social services need to be examined
Editor 's note : Saturday marks one year since Hamas ' defeat of Fatah in the fierce struggle for control of Gaza . CNN correspondent Ben Wedeman has been covering the region for over 15 years . He reports from Gaza on daily life and reality over the past year in this fractious land . CNN 's Ben Wedeman reports on the past year in Gaza , where people are safer but out of food , gas , and patience . GAZA CITY , Gaza  CNN  -- "  If you take pictures , I 'll kill you ! I 'll kill you ! " screamed a masked Fatah gunman , pointing his AK-47 assault rifle at my cameraman , Joe Duran . "  Calm down ! Calm down ! " I shouted back at him , turning to Joe to tell him to put the camera down . Joe and I had ducked into a fruit and vegetable shop in Gaza City . We had been covering the funeral of a Fatah gunman killed in a clash with Hamas rivals when our third gunbattle of the day had broken out . The gunman left , much to everyone 's relief , and I put my small video camera on the floor and pressed the button to record the constant roar of machine gun fire , which went on for more than half an hour . Earlier in the day , Joe and I were on a street corner videotaping Hamas militiamen when a jeep full of Fatah irregulars opened fire , just down the street from an elementary school . As guns blazed , schoolchildren ran for cover . I watched as shopkeeper Khadar Aliyan slammed shut the doors of his grocery store , the expression on his face one of fear and utter exasperation . "  I 'm going home , " he told me . "  I 'm afraid . We 're done for . It 's never been this bad . " It was violence like this , which we witnessed on December 2006 , that reached a climax in the second week of June 2007 . When it ended on June 14 , 2007 , with Hamas roundly defeating Fatah , Gaza went quiet . And quiet -- relative quiet , that is -- has been Hamas ' biggest accomplishment since . No longer do you worry about being kidnapped . Gunbattles , though they can happen , are much less common . After last June 's takeover  or coup d'etat , as Fatah supporters call it  , Hamas quickly imposed law and order , tried to reacquaint Gaza 's drivers with long-forgotten traffic regulations , launched a municipal cleanup campaign , and forced the release of kidnapped BBC journalist Alan Johnston , who had been held in captivity for almost six months . Chaos-weary Gazans applauded all of these initiatives . But the honeymoon ended quickly as reality sank in . Since Hamas won parliamentary elections in January 2006 , and even more so since last year 's takeover , Israel has tightened its siege of Gaza . Israel has restricted supplies of gasoline , diesel and electricity to Gaza , limited the amount of food and other goods entering the strip , and made it virtually impossible for manufacturers and farmers in Gaza to export anything to the outside world . Israeli officials say these measures are intended to pressure Hamas , which is on the U.S. government list of terrorist groups , to stop its members and other factions from firing mortars and rockets into Israel . Israel Defense Forces reports that 1,500 Qassam rockets were fired into Israel from Gaza in 2007 , and 2,383 in the past six years . As a result , almost all of Gaza 's factories have shut down and thousands of workers have lost their jobs . Between 70 and 80 percent of the population is dependent on food supplied by the United Nations Refugee Works Agency , set up after more than 700,000 Palestinians became refugees after the war that resulted in Israel 's creation in 1948 . Life in Gaza , never easy , in the last year has become a grinding daily struggle to make ends meet . For the vast majority of Gazans , it means they must spend much of their time trying to secure basic commodities . Such as cooking gas , which comes from Israel . In the past , when supplies were plentiful , it was sold from the back of trucks and donkey carts . Not anymore . When there are supplies , people flock to a few distribution centers . One is a hot , crowded compound north of Gaza City , where the stench of gas is so strong you shudder with fear that someone will light a cigarette and the whole place will go up in flames . People have to wait for their cooking gas for hours some claim days , in the hot sun . There I met a woman who identified herself as Um Wadi'a  the mother of Wadi'a  , who at 2 p.m. told me she had been waiting since 5 a.m. . She said she had run out of cooking gas three days before . Typical of so many people here , she blamed both main Palestinian factions for her woes . "  Hamas has n't done anything for us , nor has Fatah , " she said . "  All those people want is to sit comfortably on their thrones . " In Gaza City , long lines of immobile cars and trucks wind around the block from gas stations , their owners waiting , surprisingly patiently , for supplies to arrive . The only other option is to go in search of black market gasoline , much of it smuggled through tunnels from Egypt . It goes for more than $ 10 a liter , which comes close to almost $ 50 a gallon . It is now common for families to divide up responsibilities for the day . One family member will go in search of cooking gas , another will join the line for gasoline or diesel , another for whatever else is in short supply . To get around the shortages , some motorists mix their fuel with cooking oil , a practice that is n't particularly good for the motor . Many people complain that it 's unhealthy -- but it works . Others , like electrical engineer Wasim Khazandar , are thinking completely outside the box . Wasim has invented an electric car , which he is more than happy to show off . He 's already received dozens of orders from motorists weary of the search for fuel . Beyond material concerns , there are worries here that Hamas has a barely concealed hardline Islamist agenda , and one often hears complaints that the group is intolerant of any form of dissent or criticism . One man who can testify to that is Ibrahim Abu Al-Naja , the most senior Fatah leader to remain in Gaza after most fled to safety in Ramallah . Abu Al-Naja is from the Fatah old school , a grizzled veteran of the group 's wars in Lebanon . He told me earlier this year Hamas security officials showed up at his home late at night , bound his hands , put a blindfold on him and dragged him to their headquarters , where they shaved his head and cut off his moustache , then released him without apology or explanation . He makes no excuses for Fatah 's dismal track record of corruption and mismanagement when it ran Gaza , but says the crisis that began with Hamas ' rise to power is nothing short of a catastrophe . "  Our people has been transformed , " he said , "  into a desperate people , who must search for food , for the minimum of survival . It 's as if we returned to 1948 , dependent on gifts and assistance and relief . " Despite all the difficulties of life under Hamas , despite all the grumbling , the men who run Gaza are as confident today as they were a year ago that they will weather the crisis and emerge stronger . Last Wednesday I went to see Ahmed Yusif , a senior adviser to Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya . "  Whatever the Israelis think , " said the U.S.-educated Yusif , "  whatever pressure they put on us , it 's not going to make us buckle or give concessions . "  This is part of the Palestinian struggle for more than 60 years living in the refugee camps , " he said . "  We do n't always enjoy a good life . It 's the toughness and the suffering -LSB- that -RSB- are part of the struggle . " Others here do n't quite see it that way , like a man I met in Gaza 's old market who would only identify himself as Abu Khalid . I asked him if he was better off today than a year ago . He laughed , cursed Israel , Hamas , Fatah , the United States , the European Union and the rest of the world , then made the following suggestion : "  Let them open a market in Gaza so we can sell some of our children -LSB- in order to -RSB- feed the rest . "	Wedeman describes violence , gunbattles , fear before Hamas Reports on encounters with assault rifles , children running from gunfire last year Now , it 's safer but Gazans desperate for gas , cooking fuel , jobs One woman : "  Hamas has n't done anything for us , nor has Fatah "
CNN  The tragic news that Germanwings Flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the French Alps by a pilot deemed "  100 % fit to fly " challenges the common understanding of the phrase . Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said co-pilot Andreas Lubitz apparently "  wanted to destroy the aircraft , " taking advantage of the pilot leaving the cockpit and most likely refusing to open the cabin door after activating the plane 's descent . The CEO of Lufthansa -- of which Germanwings is a subsidiary -- said Lubitz had been "  fit to fly . " But for most of us , the prosecutor 's preliminary finding that the 28-year-old German purposefully caused the deaths of 150 people on March 24 puts him squarely outside that term . In fact "  fit to fly " does not mean the pilot 's psychological state has necessarily been assessed . Simon Mitchell is a pilot and visiting fellow at Cranfield University 's Safety and Accident Investigation Centre in southern England . Over the last few years the aviation industry has been considering the amount of time spent examining pilots ' skills compared to the time spent examining how they thought , Mitchell said . Many organizations had begun assessing the safety of particular airlines when considering which carriers their members should fly on , he said . "  It 's not uncommon for those corporations to have in their assessment matrix a look at pilot selection procedures , " Mitchell said . "  Increasingly we 're looking at their all-round personalities and ability to work in teams and what they 're like as people . "  Apart from ` do we want to ensure we have n't recruited somebody who might have some sort of mental disorder , ' there 's also a very good reason in a day-to-day way . You want to recruit somebody who works well in a team , " he said . "  The airline industry is quite unique in the amount of trust and liability it places in the hands of a very small number of employees , " Mitchell said . "  If you look at the value of the aircraft and the immeasurable value of the lives being flown in that aircraft , you come up to a huge number -- in the hundreds of millions , if not billions -- of dollars of risk associated with that asset . In effect , a medium to large sized company is being placed in the hands of a few employees . "  It is important that these airlines take a great deal of care -- not just about whether that pilot can fly -- but how fit that person is to carry that sort of responsibility . " On Thursday , Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr said the company 's pilots did not undergo regular or routine psychological testing once they were flying . But he said Lufthansa did consider an applicant 's psychological state , along with other factors , when hiring pilots . "  We do n't only look at competence , but we also give a lot of room to psychological capabilities , " Spohr said . The pilot and co-pilot on Germanwings Flight 9525 had passed the test the airline used to evaluate applicants , he said . But Mitchell said aviation regulations only required a physical and not a psychiatric medical examination , looking at a potential pilot 's fitness to fly in terms of factors such as heart attack risk . Those being examined were legally required to declare any mental disorder , but there was no standard psych testing from a regulatory point of view , he said , with airlines and industry bodies failing to reach consensus on types of tests to be used . "  The doctor is supposed to note any evident issues that he notices -- but what is he going to notice in half an hour 's medical ? The rest of it relies on your medical history and you being honest , " Mitchell said . The Federal Aviation Administration told CNN that U.S. scheduled airline pilots must renew medical certificates every year if they 're less than 40 years old and every six months if older . "  Pilots must complete an official FAA medical application form , and have a physical examination conducted by an FAA-designated Aviation Medical Examiner , " it said . "  The FAA medical application form includes questions pertaining to the mental health of the pilot . The AME can defer a pilot to the FAA Office of Aerospace Medicine if he or she believes that additional psychological testing is indicated . All existing physical and psychological conditions and medications must be disclosed . " On its website , the FAA guidance for AMEs states : "  The FAA does not expect the Examiner to perform a formal psychiatric examination . However , the Examiner should form a general impression of the emotional stability and mental state of the applicant . " In terms of a pilot 's fitness to fly on a particular day , Mitchell said attempts by many companies and airlines to introduce random drug and alcohol testing had hit problems with unions . "  When crew report for duty , they obviously are seen by other company personnel and they 're also supposed to stop someone who 's not fit for duty , " he said , adding that was not a particularly robust system . "  It does rely on a professional crew member turning around and stopping the flight . " In the short term , the industry needed to be sensitive to the fact that the crash was "  an incredibly tragic event , " Mitchell said . "  We need to be conscious in short-term not to exacerbate stress of the families in the first days , " he said . "  It is important as an industry to recognize the amount of trust that 's been put in our hands and ensure the system is robust enough to live up to that . " But managing an industry with global implications was complex , Mitchell said , pointing out that Lubitz was able to lock out the other pilot because of strengthened security measures introduced after the September 11 hijackings . "  It 's horribly , tragically , ironic that an unintended consequence of trying to mitigate one risk has actually facilitated an equally horrendous act -- that would n't have been possible if we had n't done something to try to mitigate the other risk . " Was 9/11 safety precaution a flaw ? John Newsome and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	On Thursday the Marseille prosecutor said Flight 9525 's co-pilot deliberately crashed Lufthansa 's CEO said co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had been "  100 % fit to fly " Aviation expert Simon Mitchell says regulations do not require formal psych testing
OPRAH.com  -- Oprah Winfrey often says that moms have the hardest job in the world , but plenty of fathers carry the burden of raising a child all by themselves . In fact , 2.5 million single fathers in the United State are doing it all -- juggling schedules , putting food on the table and going to school plays or soccer games -- single-handedly . Larry Shine and his expanded family visited Oprah Winfrey on her show . Larry Shine and his wife , Kate , had their first son , Henry , 19 years ago . When Kate died of cancer only two-and-a-half years later , Larry says he was overwhelmed with grief . "  The year after she died , I was just so immersed in the tragedy of her death , " he says . "  Then I thought : ' I ca n't live like this anymore . I ca n't have this be our life . ' " He decided it was time for Henry to have a sibling . At the time , it was almost impossible for a single male to adopt in the United States , so Larry applied for both international adoption and surrogacy . Surprisingly , both applications went through , and soon Larry became a father of three . Still , he says he was ready for more . Today , Larry is raising nine children on his own ! "  I never thought I 'd be a father of nine . Actually , I never imagined I 'd be a father , " he says . "  Maybe this all happened for a purpose . Because if Kate had n't died , I never would have done what I did and these kids would n't have had a home . " Oprah.com : 8 things never to say to an adopted child When it comes to raising nine kids  Henry , 19 ; Ari , 16 ; Halle , 15 ; Eli , 13 ; Lili , 12 ; Sofia , 10 ; Genevieve , 8 ; Simone , 5 ; and Lucia , 3  , Larry says there is never a dull moment . His schedule is jam-packed , and it starts at 3 a.m. . As if being a single dad is n't enough work , Larry also works full time as a corporate attorney . "  When the second bus picks up the younger kids at quarter of nine , I leave and drop Lucia off at daycare . Then I go to work all day and come back and pick her up when daycare closes at 6 o'clock and then head home , " he says . " -LSB- I work at -RSB- a very warm and family-oriented firm , so they 're very supportive . " Though Larry 's big family is thriving , he says there were a few small bumps along the way . Eli 's arm broke when he was an infant and had n't healed properly before he joined the Shine family , but Larry says extensive orthopedic surgery fixed the problem . Lili had failure to thrive syndrome , which caused her to have trouble connecting with others -- though Larry says she opened up after three months in his busy house and is doing great . And , Simone 's speech was delayed , he says . "  She had therapy for about six months , and now sometimes I wish I had n't given her speech therapy , " he jokes . Is there room for any more kids in the Shine family ? Depends on whom you ask ! "  I thought five was it , and I thought six was it , " Larry says . "  My sense is that nine is probably it ... because international adoption 's a lot more difficult , and I 'm older . ... -LSB- But -RSB- I 've been given a lot of opportunities , and if it happened again , I 'd have a hard time saying no . " Henry , who is a sophomore at Notre Dame , says the family is at capacity . "  We 're at a pretty full limit right now , " he says . "  Now that I 'm in school , I 'd like to be around if there 's going to be another sibling . " Though he 's rooting for Lucia to be his youngest sibling , Henry says he 's incredibly proud of his dad . "  Just how selfless he is , " he says . "  I do n't know of anybody else who puts people before themselves like he does . " Though Larry did n't plan on being the single dad of such a huge family , he says it came naturally to him . "  I 'm more comfortable doing something for somebody else than myself , " he says . "  Particularly with adopting the kids overseas , when I went to Paraguay for the first time to adopt Ari and saw all the kids who did n't have a home and or a place to go at night , I just thought , ` This is n't right . ' " It may have been an unexpected path for Larry , but he says its one he 's grateful for . "  I love parenting , " he says . "  I just felt , ` This is what I want to do . ' " Oprah.com : Talks every parent should have Matt 's blog On March 25 , 2008 , Matt Logelin woke up to what should have been a perfect day . He and his wife , Liz , were proud new parents -- their daughter Madeline had been born the day before . But that afternoon , Liz died of a blood clot that no one knew she had . With a newborn in his care , Matt had no time for mourning . "  Right after Liz died , I had to go straight in and I had to feed her  Madeline  . I mean , she had to eat . I had to change her diapers . Life did n't stop when Liz died , " he says . "  I did n't know what I was going to do . I literally did n't know if I was going to live through this . " Matt and Maddy survived the tragedy , and Matt used the blog he 'd created to document Liz 's pregnancy as an outlet for his grief . "  If I write it , I can get it off my chest , " he says . After Liz 's death , tens of thousand of people started reading Matt 's blog . The outpouring of support -- including notes , money and toys -- from the online community shocked him . "  To have total strangers giving us stuff and wanting to make sure we 're okay all the time was just incredible , " he says . Matt says he 's determined to give back as much as he 's been given . "  We 've donated all of the clothes that no longer fit and the toys that we could n't use , " he says . "  We 've been given a lot of money as well , and we 've tried to give that away as much as we can . " Matt has also established the Liz Logelin Foundation , which helps widows and widowers with children . A year after Maddy was born , Matt 's still adjusting to life as a single parent . He 's even joined the neighborhood new moms group . "  They sort of adopted me , " he says . "  They took me in and made sure I was n't screwing things up too terribly . " Matt says one of the scariest things about Liz 's death is that she took all her parenting knowledge with her . "  Liz had read all the books . She had done everything that we needed to do to make sure that this baby was taken care of properly , " he says . "  It 's not something I ever anticipated doing on my own . " Matt says he 'd planned to be the free-spirited parent , while Liz would be the rigid one . Given the circumstance , Matt has struck a balance . "  I 've had to be a little more strict in the way that I do things , but I still let her eat sticks and leaves from time to time . " Oprah.com : Meet more unforgettable fathers ! From The Oprah Winfrey Show © 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	One man added eight kids to family after his wife died of cancer Larry Shine started adopting so his son could have a sibling He kept adopting because he could n't say no to kids in need Another dad sets up blog , foundation to help widows , widowers raising kids
CNN  -- With 17 Grammys , five gold records and -- by his count -- almost 130 albums , polka superstar Jimmy Sturr might just be the most successful musician you 've never heard of . Polka artist Jimmy Sturr is up for a possible 18th Grammy Award at the upcoming ceremony . Sturr and his orchestra , superstars in the polka world , are one of a multitude of musical acts nominated this year in some of the lesser-known Grammy categories . When there are 110 categories , "  lesser-known " might be putting it lightly . "  I try not to get too worked up over it , " said Sturr , who is once again nominated this year in the best polka album category . "  But when the -LSB- awards -RSB- season comes along I am right there saying ' I hope I win . I hope I win . ' It just never gets old . " Sturr is among the unsung artists whose statuette presentation does n't make it to the prime-time televised broadcast , which will air 8 p.m. Sunday on CBS . While categories like best Hawaiian music album , best traditional world music album and best historical album may linger in the shadows of the big Grammy show , they are no less important to the performers and fans who love them . See some of the lesser-known categories " The Grammy Awards are trumpeted as "  music 's biggest night , " and Grammy officials there are cognizant of the heavy competition to appear on the broadcast . There just is n't enough time to honor everyone on the televised presentation , said Neil Portnow , president and CEO of The Recording Academy , which presents the Grammy Awards . He said about a dozen awards , including album of the year and best new artist , are given out during the live show . "  Every Grammy is of equal value and importance in our minds , " Portnow said . "  That said , with 110 categories and 3 1/2 hours of television , physics dictate the reality that we ca n't do everything on the national broadcast . " Instead , the other nominees are feted at an event held earlier in the day , Portnow said . "  We created a very significant and somewhat extravagant pre-telecast , which is conducted in a separate facility right across from the Staples Center the afternoon of the show , " Portnow explained . "  We build a substantial stage , we have co-hosts , we have music performances and we have presenters , " he said . "  Many , many of our nominees come to that event to pick up their Grammys . " This year , fans of the best contemporary folk/Americana album or best engineered album  nonclassical  categories -- among others -- will be able to see their favorites on the Web , because this year 's pre-telecast will be streamed live on Grammy.com and available for viewing for 30 days after the ceremony . Singer Wayna , who is nominated for best urban/alternative performance for her song "  Lovin You  Music  " featuring Kokayi , said she feels honored simply to have been chosen . "  I 'm not sure if I 've taken it all in yet , " the Bowie , Maryland , singer said . "  I 'm really proud of this category . " The increase in independent artists shows a trend Portnow said "  speaks to the importance of what we do to a very broad segment of the music community . " No doubt that community includes at least a few admirers of the vivacious dance music that is polka . Sturr may not be burning up the charts or even generating the heat of fellow Grammy nominees Lil Wayne and Radiohead , but he gets his fair share of love from those who follow his genre . Some admirers have gone on to become collaborators . Sturr 's recording partners have included Willie Nelson , the Oak Ridge Boys and Charlie Daniels . He 's often surprised by who is a fan , he said . "  I was in Jupiter , Florida , a few years ago and the manager of a restaurant I knew came up to me and said there 's a fan of yours that would like to meet you , " recalled Sturr . "  I went over and it was Burt Reynolds . " Sturr and his orchestra 's popularity have been bolstered by appearances on "  Saturday Night Live " and at the Grand Ole Opry , as well as his own variety show , which airs twice a week on Direct TV . Polka 's partisans are well aware that the music is often mocked , and believe an appearance on the Grammys would go a long way toward widening the genre 's audience . "  To get a legitimate , great sounding orchestra on national television would certainly help , " said Ray Zalokar , director of 247Polkaheaven . com . Zalokar added that younger fans are discovering the music thanks in part to newer bands , such as one that covers Pink Floyd tunes as polkas . The genre might also take heart from what happened to rock 'n' roll . The Academy , Portnow said , is careful to implement a category only after it has been established as viable , but it also does n't want to miss the boat when it comes to new music . Such was the case with rock 'n' roll in the 1960s . "  Years ago the Academy was , not a secret , late in recognizing particularly the rock area coming out of the middle of the road times , " he said . " -LSB- In the -RSB- Rolling Stones versus Andy Williams scenario , the Rolling Stones were not in the mix , " he said . "  I think that as an organization we may have fallen behind , but that really has n't happened in the recent past because we have a fantastic process here . " While honored to have his first clarinet featured in the new Grammy Museum , Sturr said he 'd relish a chance to perform on the show and give a wider audience a taste of what his fans know from albums like "  Polkapalooza " and "  Sturr-It-Up . " "  I 'd love to have just 30 seconds on that show , " he said . "  Just to play so people can see that this is not your grandmother 's kind of music . "	Polka is among several of the lesser known Grammy categories Artist Jimmy Sturr up to possibly win Grammy number 18 Academy exec : "  Every Grammy is of equal value and importance in our minds " Pre-telecast for those not included in live show growing in popularity
CNN  -- On the starting line of the Emirates Motorplex on Thursday  Jan 24  will be professional drift racing , one of the most dangerous disciplines in motorsport . And amid the petrol fumes and testosterone will be a 23-year-old Palestinian woman , Noor Daoud . Daoud , who had previously been invited to compete in a Formula 3 - a different discipline of motor racing - race in Israel , is the first Arab woman to compete on the international motorsport circuit . She has spent two months in the United Arab Emirates training for the Drift UAE race on January 24 , and will then go on to other international races in Japan and Poland . Drifting is a driving technique , born in Japan , in which the driver intentionally oversteers , causing the rear wheels to skid , while maintaining control of the car . "  It 's a big race and all the international people will be there . I 'm the first Arab girl to race in it , so it 's huge for me , " said Daoud . "  I really want to make this my career . I 'm really serious about it . "  I just want to show the world what I can do . I 'm not only doing this for myself , I 'm doing it for my country . I want to show that Palestinian people can make it . " Daoud has previously competed at a world-class level in swimming , tennis and soccer and also loves boxing and motorcross . She says motor racing has become her favorite sport since joining an all-female Palestinian motor racing team , Speed Sisters . Speed Sisters became a team in 2009 with the support of the British consulate in Jerusalem . Now a Canadian filmmaker , Amber Fares , is making a feature-length documentary about the Speed Sisters and their incredible journey from the streets of the West Bank . Daoud has been able to take her career to an international level because she was born in Texas and holds an U.S. passport . Her fellow Speed Sisters have traveled no further than Jordan for street car races , but compete regularly on the popular Palestinian street car circuit . Also on Inside the Middle East : Inside a dictator 's palace : Fake diplomas , sports cars , stuffed leopard Maysoon Jayyusi , formerly a Speed Sister herself , now manages the team and is the Palestinian representative on the FIA 's Women in Motorsport Commission . Jayyusi , 36 , first got into motor racing because a colleague at the United Nations , who was also head of the Palestinian Motorsport Federation , suggested she try racing after seeing her driving home from work . "  It 's exciting for us , especially as women ; we want to improve ourselves and show that we can achieve what we like , " said Jayyusi . "  We want to challenge the ideas that women can only work in the kitchen and that Palestinian people ca n't live normal lives . " When Jayyusi took up the sport , she was so worried about telling her parents about her new hobby that they only found out when she started to appear in newspaper articles . "  They are a traditional Arab family and do n't encourage women to participate in sport , " she said . "  They accept it now because they know we are strong . " The Speed Sisters core team also includes Betty Saadeh , 31 , from Bethlehem , Marah Zahalka , 21 , from Jenin , and Muna Ennab , from Ramallah . In 2011 , the team was invited to Silverstone , home of the British Grand Prix , for training . But the quest for success is still a struggle for the Speed Sisters . Jayyusi said they do n't have a regular training ground , must scramble to find enough money to compete and can not take their cars abroad because of travel restrictions . "  This year I have a new agenda that we want to make connections with motorsports in other countries and arrange exchanges , " said Jayyusi . Fares , who is of Lebanese heritage , decided to make a film about the Speed Sisters while living in the West Bank because she wanted to show Arab women in a way not often seen in Western media . "  Women racing cars is pretty much the last thing you would expect to happen in Palestine . "  They are amazing girls and their stories resonate with people . When people hear about their story , they find them inspirational . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Paris Hilton whips up a storm in holy Mecca Daoud finds her inspiration from within . "  It 's a dangerous sport and I really enjoy the adrenaline , " she said . "  When you are driving something really powerful , you and the car must be one . I feel the power and I feel no fear . "  Sometimes after a race I get out of the car and take off my helmet and people say ` Oh my God , it 's a girl . ' "  Some people do n't like it and say I should get a husband and have children or that I should be cleaning the house , but I just ignore them . "	Speed Sisters became first all-female Palestinian motor racing team in 2009 At 23 , Noor Daoud is first Arab woman to race on the international circuit in Dubai , Japan and Poland Maysoon Jayyusi serves on FIA 's Women in Motorsport Commission
CNN  -- Asashoryu stands at the pinnacle of sumo wrestling like a colossus . Asashoryu is one of sumo 's most successful , and most controversial , wrestlers . But the 330-lbs Mongolian , sumo 's most successful ever grand champion , has not been able to rise above the scandals and tragedies that have beset Japan 's national sport in recent years . Asashoryu , whose real name is Dolgorsuren Dagvadorj , grew up in Mongolia , where both his elder brothers and father were successful wrestlers . Moving to Japan as a student he was spotted and trained by the Takesago stable and made his professional debut at the age of 18 in 1999 . Winning his first tournament , or basho , in 2002 , his rise up the rankings culminated in him attaining the highest position of Grand Champion , or yokozuna , in January 2003 , becoming only the 68th yokozuna in the sport 's 2,000-year-old history . Two years later , he set a new record by being the only man to win all six official tournaments in one year . While Asashoryu 's meteoric rise to the top was seen by many as reinvigorating a sport that had seen a decline in homegrown wrestlers and popularity , his success in the dohyo has not pleased everyone . Some have complained that his wins are too routine , and purists grouse that he does not poses the quality of "  hinkaku , " the dignity and calm expected in a yokozuna , or give the sport 's traditions the necessary respect . In 2003 he was disqualified from a bout for pulling on the top-knot of an opponent , and has gained a reputation as the enfant-terrible of sumo . Regardless of the criticisms of Asashoryu 's wrestling style , sumo 's reputation as a noble sport of tradition has suffered from a number of scandals in recent years and exposed it as just as susceptible to the problems faced by other sports . With deep links to Japanese culture going back to when sumo was part of the Shinto religious rituals , the sport 's troubles have almost represented a national identity crisis . Following the banning of three non-Japanese wrestlers for using recreational drugs in September , the sport 's chairman and former-wrestler Kitanoumi resigned . It came after a period of years in which a number of match-fixing allegations were made , some directly implicating Asashoryu , and plunging the sport into yet another crisis . In January 2007 he was accused of bribing other wrestlers to lose bouts , compounding the view that corruption was prevalent in the sport . Problems for Asashoryu continued in 2007 when he was suspended by the sumo wrestling federation for allegedly faking a doctor 's note and was restricted from leaving his house in Tokyo , leading to reports of a nervous breakdown . Mental as well as physical strength are necessary to reach the top of the sport , but while the punishing physical routine and "  hazing " in the training stables has been known and accepted , tragedy struck earlier this year . Takashi Saito , a 17-year-old sumo trainee , died in brutal circumstances , allegedly beaten to death by his stable-master and three fellow sumo wrestlers . Continuing to make his mark in the dohyo will be Asashoryu 's aim for the rest of the year , while sumo hopes it can recover its own poise .	Mongolian grand champion wrestler one of the sumo 's most successful ever Reinvigorated the sport , but also has detractors critical of his style and attitude Accused of match fixing and feigning illness , banned as a consequence
London  CNN  -- The people of Sweden are coming to terms with the first suicide bombing on their soil , an attack which stunned the nation and in the words of the country 's foreign minister could have been "  catastrophic . " Authorities say that only the premature detonation of Taimour Abdulwahab 's device likely prevented many others from being killed . "  Fifty , 60 , 70 people could have been killed -- this was not amateur hour , " Magnus Ranstorp , a terrorism expert at the Swedish National Defense College , told CNN . The incident did not surprise counter-terrorism experts . "  For some time Swedish officials have been worried about a growing threat , both from overseas terrorists and from home-grown extremists within the country , " says Michael Taarnby , a Danish terrorism expert , who has extensively researched Islamist militants in Scandinavia . At the heart of Sweden 's unwanted new-found status : cartoons . Three years ago , Lars Vilks published an image of the Prophet Mohammed in a Swedish newspaper . Sweden became an object of jihadist hate , just as Denmark did in 2005 after the publication in a newspaper there of caricatures of the Prophet . In March of this year , authorities in Ireland and the United States broke up a plot to murder Vilks . One of those allegedly involved was Colleen LaRose , a Pennsylvania woman who identified herself online as Jihad Jane . LaRose has pleaded not guilty to providing material support to terrorists . In July ` Inspire ' magazine , an online magazine by al Qaeda 's Yemeni arm , put Vilks at the top of an assassination list . And a few weeks ago al Shabaab , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Somalia , released a video in which a Swedish member exhorted Swedish militants to kill Vilks . These threats follow an audiotape back in 2007 from Umar al Baghdadi , then a senior figure in al Qaeda in Iraq , who promised "  a reward of $ 100,000 for anybody who kills this Infidel criminal . This reward will be raised to $ 150,000 if he is slaughtered like a lamb . " Baghdadi also called for attacks against Swedish businesses , including Volvo . There 's an ironic twist in the mention of Volvo . Back in the 1970s Osama bin Laden went on vacation to Sweden because an older brother was trying to buy Volvo trucks for the bin Laden family construction company . During downtime , the brothers liked nothing better than to speed through the Swedish countryside in the family Rolls Royce . And for a long while , Sweden got a pass from international jihadists . In an October 2004 videotape al Qaeda 's leader disputed President George Bush 's accusation that al Qaeda hated freedom by retorting : "  Let him tell us why we did not strike Sweden , for example . " Not any more . Swedish authorities say e-mails sent by Abdulwahab just before the attempted attack cited Sweden 's tolerance of the Vilks cartoon as one of the reasons he was targeting the country . He also said the attack was due to the continued presence of Swedish troops in Afghanistan . Sweden , though not a member of NATO , currently has around 500 troops in Afghanistan assisting the NATO mission . Investigators are still untangling 28 year old Abdulwahab 's path to radicalism . His family left Iraq in the early 1990s and settled in Sweden . In 2001 , at the age of 19 , he came to England to study and settled in Luton -- a town in southern England identified in a leaked UK intelligence report two years ago as having one of the main concentrations of Islamic extremists in the country . For many young Muslims in Europe the last decade has been unsettling , with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan leading to a perception that their religion is under attack . Abdulwahab seems to have subscribed to this view , according to religious leaders at an Islamic Centre in Luton . They said he was unwelcome because of his extreme views . The Swedish authorities will now be taking a fresh look at radical Islamists in the country . In October Sweden raised its terrorist threat level to "  elevated " based on security services ' finding that there had been "  a shift in activities among certain groups in Sweden , judged to be targeted at Sweden . " Among Sweden 's estimated 300,000 Muslims , the vast majority have no time for al Qaeda 's extremist message . But a radical fringe has emerged , especially among younger immigrants , and the children of immigrants . According to Scandinavian counter-terrorism expert Taarnby , the radical extremist fringe is more fragmented in Sweden than in some other European countries such as Britain where a nationwide network of extremists has emerged . But clusters of militants are increasingly on the radar of Sweden 's counter-terrorism services . Swedish counter-terrorism sources tell CNN more than 100 are being monitored . Their attention has focused on an extremist fringe within Sweden 's 25,000 Somalis , who have been relatively isolated from the rest of society and are a cause of major concern . A growing number of Swedish citizens of Somali descent have gone to Somalia to join al Shabaab . Just last week two Swedish citizens of Somali descent were sentenced for "  planning terrorist crimes " in Somalia . According to Taarnby more than 20 Swedish citizens are believed by Swedish security services to be fighting with al Shabaab in Somalia . Some have become prominent - like Fouad Shongole , who preached an extremist message in a Stockholm mosque in the early 1990s and once fought in Afghanistan . Swedes have also traveled to other jihadist fronts in recent years , including Iraq . A report by Sweden 's Intelligence agency due out Wednesday is expected to highlight the domestic threat posed by Swedes who have received terrorist training , according to the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet . Several Swedish militants have also made the trip to al Qaeda 's safe haven in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region , according to counter-terrorism officials . In August 2009 four Swedes were arrested by Pakistani security services as they tried to enter the tribal agency of North Waziristan . "  Travel to Pakistan is becoming a big concern for Swedish counter-terrorism services , " Swedish terrorism expert Ranstorp told CNN . In another link to Pakistan , Swedish counter-terrorism sources tell CNN that a Swedish militant -- still being monitored by security services in the country -- played a key role in a terrorist network linked to David Headley , an American jihadist , plotting an attack against a Danish newspaper last year . Headley , who says he working with Ilyas Kashmiri , a Pakistani al Qaeda operative , has pleaded guilty to the plot . Now Sweden 's counter-terrorism agencies have another case to investigate . Did Abdulwahab have any help or co-conspirators in Sweden ? Where did he obtain the explosives he used in the attack ? "  We more or less consider it as a given that he had outside help in some way , at least before he reached the point of execution , " a Swedish police spokesman said Monday . The questions are : who , where and when ?	First suicide bombing on their soil stuns Swedes For a time Sweden was not a terror target Now analysts say terror is a major concern
CNN  -- Serena Williams remains on course to meet her sister Venus in the final of the Dubai Duty Free Championships after both won their quarterfinal matches on Thursday . The world No. 1 , who crashed out of the Australian Open last month to Ana Ivanovic , made light work of Serbian opposition this time around beating Jelena Jankovic 6-2 6-2 to set a semifinal against either Carla Suarez Navarro of Spain or France 's Alize Cornet . "  It definitely felt a lot more comfortable than my first match , " Williams said , WTATennis.com reported , referring to her 7-6 6-0 win over Ekaterina Makarova on Tuesday . "  There were some shots I missed today that I would never have missed a month ago , so I 'm still getting a little rust off , but it feels good overall . And I 'm still trying to make sure I keep going in the right direction , " Williams added . Earlier , sister Venus overcame Italy 's Flavia Pennetta 6-3 7-5 to set up a semifinal clash with Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki . Surprisingly , Williams had lost four times in their seven previous meetings which , bar a couple of matches , have been tight affairs . Thursday 's quarterfinal was no different with Pennetta clinching an early break of serve to go up 3-1 in the first , but it proved to be a false dawn for the world No. 22 as Williams reeled off seven games on the trot to take the first set and go up a break early in the second . Pennetta eventually fought back to level the set at five games all before Williams regained her composure to serve out the match . "  She keeps fighting . She stays relevant . That 's what she does really well - she stays in the point , " Williams said afterwards , WTATennis.com reported . "  I have to give her credit for that . I think I could have maybe made a couple more shots , but it 's not always easy against someone who competes as well as her . She 's been playing well , " Williams added . The last time 33-year-old Venus beat her younger sister was in semifinals in Dubai in 2009 . Serena has won their last five meetings and leads the head-to-head 14 matches to seven . Eighth seed Wozniacki made lighter work of her match against Sorana Cirstea downing the Romanian 6-1 6-2 .	Serena Williams and sister Venus on course for final after quarterfinal wins on Thursday Serena rushes past Jelena Jankovic 6-2 6-2 ; Venus battles past Flavia Pennetta 6-3 7-5 Venus to meet Caroline Wozniacki in semis following the Dane 's 6-1 6-2 win in quarters
CNN  -- Hosts India surged into second place in the medals table on Sunday with a mini-gold rush which at last drew large crowds to the crisis-ridden Commonwealth Games . The Major Dhyan Chand stadium was packed to its 19,000 capacity to see India 's field hockey team thrash neighbors Pakistan 7-4 , with Sandeep Singh starring , to reach the semifinals of the competition . "  All credit to the crowd , " India coach Jose Brasa told AFP . "  Their support was tremendous , something I have never seen before in any match . " They will now play England with world champions Australia taking on New Zealand . The athletics stadium was also over two-thirds full as women 's 800m runner Tintu Luka won her semifinal in thrilling fashion and could win a rare track and field gold for India on Monday . But golds did come for Somdev Devvarman in the men 's tennis final and more followed in the wrestling , the most notable from Sushil Kumar in the 66kg category , and shooting events . By the end of the day , India had won 29 gold to England 's 26 , but still well behind powerhouses Australian , who have 61 . Two more followed for the Aussies in the cycling events as Allan Davis and Rochelle Gilmore won their respective road race titles . Sadly , the crowds did not flock to the roadside in New Delhi to watch world class performances from both , particularly Davis , who left pre-race favorite Mark Cavendish of the Isle of Man a well-beaten seventh in a brutal finish in blazing heat . In the track and field , England 's Leon Baptiste made his international breakthrough by claiming the men 's 200m title while Kenya 's Boaz Lalang led a clean sweep of the medals in the event for the East African country . His compatriot and world record holder David Rudisha was one of a number of leading stars to skip the Games as Lalang took full advantage . Another top class performance came from European champion Dai Greene in the men 's 400m hurdles as he completed a golden double . But there was more controversy involving officialdom as the women 's 200m final failed to go ahead after fastest qualifier Elena Artymata of Cyprus was disqualified for running out of her lane . She appealed but it was turned down and she will not take her place in Monday 's final .	Hosts India win a clutch of gold medals at the Commonwealth Games Highlight of Sunday for India is a 7-4 field hockey win over arch-rivals Pakistan Australia win both road race titles in cycling through Allan Davis and Rochelle Gilmore Boaz Lalang leads clean sweep of the medals for Kenya in men 's 800m race
CNN  -- Utah doctor Martin MacNeill was found guilty of his wife 's murder in a verdict read early Saturday morning . MacNeill showed no emotion as he learned his fate , but a yell came from the section where his relatives sat . He will be sentenced later on the charges of first-degree murder and obstruction of justice . MacNeill had said his wife 's death was an accident . In the end , jurors believed prosecutors ' allegations that MacNeill drugged and then drowned his wife , Michele MacNeill , in the bathtub of their home on April 11 , 2007 , to be with his mistress . MacNeill , who had been on trial for 22 days in Provo , Utah , had pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and obstruction of justice . Prosecutors alleged that his actions after his wife 's death hindered the investigation , forming the basis for the obstruction of justice charge . However , defense attorneys said his wife , who was found with a powerful cocktail of prescription drugs in her system , died of natural causes . None of the medical examiners who worked on the case could determine definitively whether she died as a result of homicide . One of MacNeill 's daughters , Alexis Somers , said she was happy with the verdict . "  There was justice for my mom today , " Somers said . "  We are just so happy he can not hurt anyone else . " During his closing arguments Friday morning , prosecutor Chad Grunander pleaded with jurors to return a guilty verdict on both counts . "  Martin MacNeill murdered his wife , Michele . Her death was not the result of an accident , and it certainly was not the result of a heart condition , " Grunander said . "  The defendant carried out a cold and calculated plan to murder his wife . He relied on his knowledge and experience as a doctor and also as a lawyer to accomplish this . " In his closing argument , defense attorney Randall Spencer said prosecutors had simply not proved their case . "  There 's not evidence in this case that rises to the level of guilt beyond a reasonable doubt , " Spencer said . "  The prosecution has presented to you their cherry-picked versions of the evidence that is most consistent with their theories . " Prosecutors also called Gypsy Willis , Martin MacNeill 's former mistress , to the witness stand . She admitted having an affair with Martin MacNeill both before and after Michele MacNeill 's death . Less than two weeks after his wife died , MacNeill hired Willis as the family nanny to take care of his four youngest children . MacNeill could spend the rest of his life in prison for his convictions . He faces 15 years to life in prison for murder , and he could be sentenced to up to 15 years for obstruction of justice . The MacNeills had eight children , and to many in their community , they seemed to be living an idyllic life in a gated community when Michele MacNeill died . More than one of the children , however , has since come forward and accused their father of killing their mother . Rachel MacNeill , their oldest biological daughter , attended Friday 's proceedings and cried as the judge read jury instructions before closing arguments even began . She cried as the verdict was read . HLN 's Graham Winch contributed to this report .	MacNeill shows no emotion as the verdict is read Prosecutors say he drugged and drowned his wife He had pleaded not guilty
Comedian Joan Rivers is n't about to apologize for a joke she made about the Holocaust . Rivers , while appearing Monday on "  Fashion Police " on E! , talked about the dress model Heidi Klum wore to the Academy Awards "  The last time a German looked this hot was when they were pushing Jews into the ovens , " Rivers said . The Anti-Defamation League called the remark "  vulgar and hideous , " but Rivers , who is Jewish , said it is her way of getting people to talk . "  It 's a joke No. 1 . No. 2 it is about the Holocaust . This is the way I remind people about the Holocaust . I do it through humor , " she told HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight . " When asked by host A.J. Hammer why she wo n't apologize , Rivers said , "  For what ? " She also said critics should focus on people who have anti-Semitic views and not someone whose late husband lost his entire family during the Holocaust . "  Of all people , Joan Rivers should know better , " Abraham H. Foxman , ADL national director , said in a statement posted on the organization 's website . "  There are certain things about the Holocaust that should be taboo . This is especially true for Jews , for whom the Holocaust is still a deeply painful memory . " The website said Foxman is a Holocaust survivor .	Rivers made the quip Monday on a show about Oscar fashion She said she uses humor to remind people about the Holocaust Anti-Defamation League says remark was "  vulgar and hideous "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Three suspected al Qaeda militants were killed by a U.S. drone strike in Yemen 's southern province of Lahj , two local security officials told CNN on Saturday . Two others were injured in the Askariayah district strike , one of whom was critically injured , the officials said . A second vehicle in the same area carrying suspected militants escaped undamaged after a strike missed its target . Residents told CNN that the drone had been flying in low altitude between the two strategic districts of Yafe'e and Radman since the early afternoon . "  The militants were taking a weapons shipment by vehicle to a different location when that strike took place , " a local security official told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk due to the sensitivity of the issue . The official said two of the killed were not from Lahj province and that very few strikes occurred in Lahj province over the last two years . "  Pro-government fighters have made it difficult for al Qaeda militants to move around in the province after their defeat last year , " he added . The strike was the tenth since President Abdurabu Hadi ended his visit to the United States earlier this month . A senior Defense Ministry official told CNN that 34 people have been killed in 12 drone strikes since July 28 . The official said that nearly a dozen of the killed over the past two weeks are believed to have been innocent . Four Western embassies have been closed since August 4 , after US intelligence intercepted information that al Qaeda would target American interests in the region . Drone strikes against militants in Yemen have been intensifying as the U.S. Embassy there and in other Middle Eastern and African countries have been closed amid terrorism fears . Security presence has decreased over the past two days in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , after hundreds of additional troops were deployed after the terror alert on August 3 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The U.S. drone strike occurs in Yemen 's southern province of Lahj Two others are injured , one critically A second vehicle evades damage and flees U.S. drone strikes against al Qaeda suspects are on the upswing in Yemen
Washington , Illinois  CNN  -- Steve Bucher knew something was ominous about the weather . "  The sky was just rumbling for 20 minutes , " Bucher said on CNN 's "  New Day , " on Monday , the day after a devastating tornado outbreak destroyed his Washington , Illinois , home and dozens of others in several Midwestern states . "  I told my wife I 've just never heard anything like this in my life . " Soon , she was begging him to go downstairs into their basement . "  Within 30 seconds , the house was literally vibrating from the direct hit of this funnel cloud , " Bucher said . "  Next thing we know , things are cracking , and glass breaking and furniture came around the corner , missed us even though it came down the hallway where we were , " he said . "  I think my attitude was in the next minute and a half , we 're either going to be in heaven , we 're going to be in the hospital or we 're going to walk out of here . Completely in the Lord 's hands which one of those three things was going to happen , " he said . How to help The storm took most of his house down to the decking over his walk-out basement , but neither he nor his wife was hurt . "  Everything else is rebuildable , " Bucher said . "  I could n't replace her . " The storm that destroyed Bucher 's home was part of a multi-state outbreak of tornadoes and powerful winds Sunday that caused damage in several states , including Missouri , Indiana , Michigan and Wisconsin . Six people died in Illinois and two men were killed in Michigan , according to authorities . As many as 200 people were injured through Illinois , officials said . Some 120 of those injuries came in Washington , said Jon Monken , director of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . Seven of those injuries were "  traumatic , " Monken said . The storm destroyed or seriously damaged as many as 400 homes in Washington alone , Gov. Pat Quinn told reporters Monday . Damage was also reported in the adjacent northern Illinois towns of Diamond and Coal City , in Champaign County in central Illinois , in southern Illinois ' Washington County and in Massac County -- in the extreme southern tip of the state . Incredible footage of the tornado in Washington , Illinois Quinn declared seven counties a state disaster area , including Tazewell County , just east of Peoria in central Illinois , where a tornado left parts of Washington in ruins and one person dead . "  Devastation . Sadness . People that lost everything , " is how Washington Mayor Gary Manier described the scene to CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day . " Another tornado in Washington County , Illinois , east of St. Louis , left a path of debris that stretched more than three miles , according to a preliminary survey by the National Weather Service . While the bulk of the storm system had moved offshore into the Atlantic Ocean and the threat of severe weather Monday was small , damaging wind gusts of up to 40 mph were still possible in parts of the Northeast , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said Monday morning . In the Great Lakes region , 50 mph gusts were possible , she said . Hundreds of thousands of people remained without power . CNN affiliate WTVG : Storm leaves trail of damage ` Complete destruction ' The storm struck the town of Washington around 11 a.m. Sunday , when many of its 10,000 residents were at church . That 's where Curt Zehr was when cell phones started chirping out storm alerts and the congregation headed to the basement . His wife and son , Mike , were at home . Zehr 's wife texted to say they 'd seen the tornado hit Washington , about a mile to the south . "  Then , about five minutes later , she texted me and said the house is gone , " Zehr told CNN . "  I said , ` Whose house ? ' " She said , ` Our house . ' " Mike Zehr said it was n't long after they saw the storm hit Washington that they realized it was headed straight for them . They took to the basement and within a few minutes , Mike Zehr said , the house exploded with the loudest sound he 's ever heard . "  The next thing we know , it 's completely quiet and the sun 's just shining through the stairs in the basement , " he said . And their house was gone . Dozens of others had similar experiences . "  It was complete destruction , " resident CNN iReporter Anthony Khoury , who filmed the tornado tearing through his neighborhood , said Sunday . "  There are people in the streets crying . " Resident Michelle Crumrine said the winds swept her home and everything in it clean away . "  A lot of people have a pile of rubble still , and I do n't have anything , " she said . "  It 's gone . I do n't know where it went . " On Monday , a National Weather Service survey team confirmed the storm had winds of 170 mph to 190 mph , producing EF-4 damage , the agency said . Earlier , the weather service had said such a confirmation would make the tornado the most powerful November twister in the state since at least 1950 . CNN affiliate KTVI : 2 killed in New Minden , Illinois Damage elsewhere In Washington County , the county coroner 's office identified two dead there as 80-year-old Joseph Hoy and his 78-year-old sister , Frances . They died when a tornado obliterated their family farm in New Minden , the office said . A 51-year-old man was killed in the town of Washington . Steve Neubauer was found near his home , Tazewell County officials said . Three other deaths happened in Massac County , across the Ohio River from Paducah , Kentucky . Authorities identified the storm victims as Kathy George , 58 , Robert Harmon , 56 , and Scholitta Burrus , 63 . In Perry , Michigan , a 59-year-old man was found dead , tangled in live power lines . Phillip Smith 's wife reported him missing after he did n't return after going out after the storm passed . Officials said a 21-year-old man was killed Sunday in Jackson County , but did n't release his name . Brutal winds also flipped over at least six trucks on highways about 80 miles west of Chicago , the Ogle County Sheriff 's Office said . Officials in Missouri and Indiana were also dealing with storm damage . In Missouri , state emergency officials said a tornado may have hit Scott County , where heavy winds overturned three rail cars and blew over four mobile homes . And the mayor of Kokomo , Indiana , declared a state of emergency and closed schools Monday . While the state of emergency was set to be lifted at 6 a.m. , "  unnecessary travel in the affected areas is still prohibited , " city officials tweeted . There , the roof of a building sat in the middle of a road . A car rested on the mountain of rubble from a leveled home . At least 600,000 customers in Illinois , Indiana and Michigan were without power as of Monday afternoon , officials said . Some outages in southwest Michigan may not be fixed until the weekend . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is scheduled to tour the storm damage Monday . Soldier Field , O'Hare affected Officials delayed the NFL game between the Chicago Bears and Baltimore Ravens for almost two hours as storms approached Chicago , warning spectators to leave the stands at Soldier Field and head for covered areas . "  The rain started coming , the skies got black , the wind was insane , and they evacuated us to underneath the concrete concourse , " said Jim Arnold , who was at the game with his 11-year-old daughter . "  We 've been through 15-degree-below weather and winds , but never anything like this , " Arnold said . "  The winds gusted at 70 mph , and the winds and the rain were horizontal and everybody was running . It was just crazy . " After the storm passed , fans returned to their seats and the game resumed Thousands of travelers scheduled to fly through Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport also had to grapple with the storm . More than 270 flights were canceled Sunday , and delays overnight stretched for an hour or more . Unusual outbreak Sunday 's storms accounted for more than half of the tornado warnings issued in Illinois since 1986 , the National Weather Service said Monday . CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis said the storms came later in the year than some might have expected . "  The primary time for tornadoes , as we well know , is springtime . Then we see a second high that comes in the fall , " she said . "  Is this late ? It is rather late , because the temperatures have been very warm . " "  On the backside of that , temperatures are dramatically cooler . So that cold air is filtering in behind it , warm air out ahead of it , " she said . "  And ... we get some twisting motion in the atmosphere . And that 's why we see this tornadic activity . " CNN affiliate WGN : City takes direct hit from tornado CNN 's Ted Rowlands reported from Washington , Illinois . CNN 's Holly Yan and Michael Pearson reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Catherine E. Shoichet , Shawn Nottingham , Joe Sutton , George Howell , Steve Almasy , Sean Morris , Dave Alsup , Jareen Imam , David Ruff , Taylor Ward , Janet DiGiacomo , Todd Borek and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials say a 21-year-old man was killed in Michigan , bringing the death toll to 8 Washington , Illinois , storm rated as EF-4 , with winds of up to 190mph Illinois governor makes disaster declaration for seven counties "  A lot of people have a pile of rubble still , and I do n't have anything , " survivor says
CNN  -- Usain Bolt ended his season on a high note with a comfortable 100 meters victory at the final Diamond League meeting in Brussels on Friday . The Jamaican sprint king , who said this week he wants to retire at the top after the 2016 Olympics , went close to his best time of 2013 as he clocked 9.80 seconds . It was just 0.03 s slower than the time he set in regaining his world title in Moscow last month . "  If I had got a better start it would 've been 9.70 , " he said after the race . "  I can definitely run faster . I started my season pretty poorly and got injured at the start so it was not the perfect season or the best of my career . But the best thing is I finished on top and dominated . " Bolt is a popular figure at the Belgian event , where he set a meeting record time of 9.76 in 2011 . "  I still enjoy doing this -- this is one of the best crowds and it gave me the energy , " he said . The 27-year-old was 0.1 s quicker than second-placed American Michael Rodgers , whose 9.90 was his season 's best . Bolt 's compatriot Nesta Carter was given third place after sharing a time of 9.94 with Moscow silver medalist Justin Gatlin of the U.S. while Jamaican Kemar Bailey-Cole was fifth in 9.98 . Gatlin , however , had the consolation of winning the $ 40,000 prize for being the overall Diamond League champion over the distance , with Bolt second . Bolt 's win completed a 100m double for Jamaica , as Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce consolidated her place at the top of the women 's standings with victory . The 26-year-old , who like Bolt won three golds in Moscow , set a meeting record of 10.72 to head off American Alexandria Anderson  10.92  and fellow Jamaicans Carrie Russell  10.99  and Kerron Stewart  11.19  . Fraser-Pryce 's time was just outside her personal best of 10.70 and 0.01 s behind her leading effort this year in Moscow . She added the 100m Diamond League crown to the 200m title she had already sewn up . Bolt did n't enter the men 's 200m in Brussels , which was won by his compatriot Warren Weir -- who clinched the overall title for the distance . However , the country 's on-track success was tempered by Friday 's news that the five athletes who tested positive for prohibited substances in June have had confirmation that their "  B " samples also showed the presence of the drugs . The Jamaica Anti-Doping Commission has sent confirmation letters to the quintet , according to a report in the Jamaican Gleaner . The group includes former 100m world record-holder Asafa Powell and ex-Olympic relay champion Sherone Simpson , who have both protested their innocence .	World and Olympic champion Usain Bolt wins final Diamond League race Jamaican runs close to his season 's best in 100 meters in Brussels American Justin Gatlin wins season 100m title despite finishing fourth Compatriot Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce completes 100/200 Diamond League double
CNN  -- It was merely a dream , was n't it ? That whole Jason Collins thing of six months ago -- never happened , right ? The headline news of his becoming the first openly gay active male professional athlete in a team sport . The Sports Illustrated cover . The supportive tweets from everyone ranging from Barack Obama and Bill Clinton to Jason Kidd and LeBron James . The interviews . The raves  "  Game-changing ! "  . The altered landscape . Remember when The Guardian newspaper called Collins ' emergence significant for LGBT acceptance ... "  as professional sports had long been seen as the final frontier " ? Remember when the Gay Lesbian Straight Education Network presented Collins with its courage award ? Remember when the veteran NBA center was being likened to Jackie Robinson ? Well , eh , forget it . Forget the whole thing . As you read this , Collins is likely sitting somewhere inside his California home , twiddling his thumbs , watching reality TV , waiting , hoping , waiting , hoping , waiting , hoping for the groundbreaking opportunity that looks , increasingly , unlikely to occur . Put differently : For one to actually become the first openly gay active male professional athlete in a team sport , one must be an openly gay active male professional athlete playing a team sport . And Collins ai n't playing squat . With the NBA opening in less than two weeks , it has become clear that the league 's 30 teams have no interest in Collins , a 34-year-old journeyman . From a purely basketball standpoint , this is understandable : Once a valuable role player on a New Jersey Nets team that reached back to back NBA Championship series in the early 2000s , Collins is a shell of his former self . Playing with Boston and Washington last season , he averaged but 1.1 points and 1.6 rebounds in 38 games . He is -- to be blunt -- a slow , nonathletic player with creaky joints and no offensive repertoire of which to speak . Were this any other similarly submediocre player in any other sport , his departure would register nary a blip on the radar . He would vanish , and life would move on . Jason Collins , however , ceased being ordinary the moment he announced he was gay . To thousands upon thousands of Americans , he became a beacon of hope and a sign that maybe sexuality would matter not the in machismo-stuffed world of professional sports . If LeBron James and Kobe Bryant and Chris Paul could embrace a gay man as a teammate , what excuse would the loudmouth , homophobic blockhead at the construction site or law firm have for his close-mindedness ? Finally , things were about to change . Only they were n't because , well , nobody called . The NBA has been repeatedly defended in its inaction with predictable attacks on Collins ' game -- too slow , too marginal , too worthless . Yet could somebody  anybody ?  have at least invited him to training camp -- land of myriad oafs and fringe players itching to land a job ? Hell , the Los Angeles Lakers ' preseason roster included Dan Gadzuric and Eric Boateng , two men with limited skill sets and without Collins ' great teammate/dogged worker resume . Hell , the Atlanta Hawks briefly employed David Lighty , a 6-foot-6 shooting guard with no redeeming NBA attributes . Hell , the New York Knicks , according to NBC Sports ' D.J. Foster , "  have basically worked out everyone who has ever touched a basketball this offseason . " Everyone save Collins . This is n't a hard one to figure out . As the late Branch Rickey of baseball fame repeatedly pointed out , change within the sports landscape does n't come easily . Just as members of the Brooklyn Dodgers were loathe to share locker space with Robinson in the summer of 1947 , many NBA players  whether they admit it publicly or not  were likely not thrilled by the idea of showering alongside a gay man even if they 'd been showering alongside said gay man for more than a decade . Adding Collins to a roster -- even a preseason roster -- would likely have meant awkwardness , confusion and weirdness . There almost inevitably would have been conservative Christian teammates asking to change in a designated private space . Special press conferences would need to be arranged . Gay rights groups would flock to the arena -- and they 'd be loud . And what of the slurs that fly across courts during practice with staggering regularity , and without much thought ? What would happen the first time a Clipper or Piston or Spur uttered the word "  f **** t , " even if it were not directed at Collins ? Could all this trouble  and it would , inevitably , be trouble  be worth it for at best a seldom-used 12th man ? Answer : Absolutely . Opportunities like this do n't happen often , and the NBA -- arguably the most progressive of the four major American team sports -- is failing miserably . Where is Kidd , the Nets ' new coach and former Collins ' teammate , with a camp invite ? Where is Mark Cuban , the forward-thinking Dallas Mavericks owner , with a pen and a contract ? Where are the Golden State Warriors , the team whose arena is 18 miles from the spot where Harvey Milk was murdered ? Where are the Lakers , a franchise desperately in need in grit and toughness ? Where are the Miami Heat , whose bench could use a bruiser of Collins ' ilk ? How in the world could no one think to add Collins to a roster , if only to give his courageous first step the conclusion it deserves ? How are we letting this one slip away ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : NBA player Jason Collins came out in April and his move drew support Collins has yet to be signed ; where did all that support go ? He grants Collins ' game is off , but lesser players have been invited to training camp Pearlman : NBA missing chance to give Collins ' courageous move the conclusion it deserves
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Democrats on Thursday failed to override President Bush 's veto of a children 's health insurance bill that opponents said was too expensive . Musician Paul Simon , left , joins House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to oppose Bush 's veto of the SCHIP bill . By a vote of 273 to 156 , the measure fell 13 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed for an override . Forty-four Republicans voted for the override . "  Now is the time for Congress to stop playing politics and to join the president in finding common ground , " said a White House statement after the vote . Bush was "  pleased , " the statement said , that the "  misguided legislation " was defeated . Democrats , sensing earlier that they did n't have the votes , vowed to continue the fight , despite a defeat . The issue has ignited an intense two-week struggle on Capitol Hill after Bush vetoed the proposed five-year expansion and $ 35 billion spending increase . Bush proposes increasing the program by $ 5 billion . Before the vote , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi spoke of a middle-class family caring for a child with a birth defect , asking lawmakers : "  So when the president wants to have 4 or $ 5 billion for children in this initiative , is he the one , the decider , who wants to go to that family and say , ` Your child is out ' ? " "  We 're lobbying for all of the children , " said the California Democrat . Watch Democrats pull out all the stops " Minority Leader Rep. John Boehner explained his and other opponents ' stance on the bill . "  What we 've been working towards is trying to find a way to say that we ought to insure poor children first , " said the Ohio Republican . "  Let 's not let this become another Washington program that starts with one principle of mind and then becomes something for everyone . " It was the fourth veto of Bush 's term . See veto record " On its first go-round , the House passed it with 45 Republican votes -- about two dozen votes short of the two-thirds majority . Earlier , Pelosi said Bush "  is alone , " in his stance on the bill , "  and he 's dragging some of his House members with him down this path . " Bush said Wednesday that the congressional plan would "  encourage people to move from private medicine to the public . " Another member of the Democratic House leadership , Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , vowed Thursday that they would not let up . "  There will be no compromise on 10 million children 's health care , " Emanuel told CNN . "  We wo n't go above it , but we ai n't going below it . "  The American people support this issue because kids do not need to suffer for what is basically a broken health care system , and this provides those children with that health care , " Emanuel said . The SCHIP program covers about 6 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid , the federally funded program providing health care for the poor , but ca n't afford private health insurance . The bill the House and Senate passed in September would extend eligibility for the program to about 4 million more , paying for the expansion with a 61-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Wednesday found strong support for Democrats ' efforts to override the veto . The poll found 61 percent of Americans believe Congress should overrule Bush , while 35 percent believe the veto should be sustained . Pollsters interviewed 1,212 people from Friday through Sunday . The survey has a sampling error of 3 percentage points . Bush stood firm during a Wednesday news conference . "  I made clear that , if putting poor children first requires more than the 20 percent increase in funding I proposed , we 'll work with Congress to find the money we need , " said the president . "  I 'm confident we can work out our differences and reauthorize SCHIP . " Bush complained that administration officials "  were n't dialed in " to the plans , "  and I do n't know why . But they just ran the bill , and I made it clear we were n't going to accept it . " The bill passed the Senate with the support of prominent Republicans such as Sens. Orrin Hatch of Utah and Charles Grassley of Iowa . House Republican leaders have complained that Democrats postponed the override attempt for two weeks to use the issue for political advantage . A coalition of labor and advocacy groups had been pounding Republicans with a nearly $ 1 million television ad campaign on cable networks featuring children who have received benefits from the program . The House Democratic campaign committee has paid for radio ads and automated calls to voters in GOP-held districts it considers competitive in 2008 . Democrats say they would need to peel off about 14 Republicans in the House to be able to enact the bill over Bush 's veto . Republican staffers tell CNN that Rep. Bobby Jindal , who is running for governor of Louisiana , is expected to join Democrats in supporting the override . Jindal did not vote on the original bill . Meanwhile , of the eight Democrats who voted against the bill in September , only one has said he will reverse his vote and support an override . Rep. Mike McIntyre , who described his North Carolina district as "  Tobacco Road , " told CNN on Monday that the debate "  is no longer about the tobacco tax , but really about whether we 're going to help our children . " Democratic Rep. Diane Watson of California , who declined to vote on the original bill , has agreed to vote for the override , House Democratic Whip Rep. Jim Clyburn said . Niki Tsongas , the widow of former Sen. Paul Tsongas who won a special election Tuesday to replace Massachusetts Democrat Rep. Marty Meehan , will be sworn in Thursday morning in time for the vote . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Bush "  pleased " by defeat of "  misguided " bill , says White House Supporters fail by 13 votes to muster two-thirds majority to override bill Supporters wanted $ 30 billion more than Bush for five years of SCHIP SCHIP targets kids in gap between Medicaid , private insurance
Mashable  -- At Wednesday 's announcement of Google 's +1 , the company was coy about comparing its experimental product to the longstanding Facebook Like button . But in the two companies ' ongoing battle for ad dollars , +1 is a clear shot across Facebook 's bow . Let 's follow the money for a moment . Both companies get most of their revenue from advertising . They pitch their ad services based on their ability to serve highly targeted ads that get good results for brands and businesses . They are able to target ads based on the data they gather about users . But here 's the main difference : Facebook gathers data based on user-submitted profile information . Google has to rely on roundabout ways to get data for ad targeting . And some of those methods , including cookies that track browsing behavior , are coming under fire from citizens and governments . As you can see from the chart below , Google has a lot to worry about when it comes to competing with Facebook for ad dollars . Google commands 12.6 % of the annual $ 10.1 billion U.S. online ad spend ; Facebook trumps that figure by nine full percentage points . New user acquisition Google 's +1 buttons will soon appear in Google Search , one of the most widely used services on the Internet . And clicking them will require the user to have a Google profile . As Google 's Manager of Global Communications Jim Prosser told us in an email , "  We think it 's important for users to know who they are seeing +12 s from , which is why we have the upgrade or creation of a Google profile as part of the flow of a user 's first +1 . " Facebook profiles are more or less de rigeur for anyone with an Internet connection . Meanwhile , Google Profiles -- and most of Google 's other social products , such as Hotpot and Buzz -- have mostly remained in the rarefied domain of the digerati . Making a Google Profile a requirement for those addictive little +1 buttons is a smart move on Google 's part . It may not match Facebook 's 500 million-strong membership when the feature rolls out to all users , but it has a good shot at vastly increasing levels of profile adoption . Facebook 's critical mass of users has been one of the things that 's allowed it to succeed in capturing more ad spend that Google . Even though it is a closed , unsearchable system , Facebook has the sheer number of users and amount of behavioral and demographic data to sweep up ad dollars no matter what . Data gathering for ad targeting If Google 's +1 does lead to a larger number of Google Profiles , Google will have even more personal and demographic data than it currently does about web users . Right now , Facebook has the ability to offer extremely highly targeted ads because of the kinds of data it gathers about its users . It knows whether you 're single or not , it knows your gender and sexual orientation , where you work , where you live and a great deal more . Advertisers are very excited about being able to narrow their campaigns ' scope by such finely tuned variables . If Google could get more profiles , it could increase the accuracy of its targeting beyond keywords and browsing data , potentially matching Facebook 's level of personal relevance . With the push toward Do Not Track features , including a new privacy bill introduced in the U.S. Congress , who knows how long cookie-based browsing-data gathering will last ? In short , Google needs other ways to gather data to target ads , and it needs huge amounts of this data very quickly . What better way to do this than by introducing a compelling search product with a social prerequisite ? Whether better-targeted ads from Google will positively impact clickthrough rates and inspire further advertiser confidence remains to be seen . Currently , clickthrough rates for Google AdSense and AdWords campaigns vary widely , with around 30 % of advertisers in a SearchEngineRoundtable survey reporting rates of 1 % or less . Facebook ads might be underperforming the industry standard of 1 % , as well . Socially driven recommendation engines Facebook Likes are already recognized by brands and businesses as a measurable marketing tool , and Facebook itself has been embraced as a legitimate marketing platform . Likes can act as a social recommendation engine between friends , and these recommendations count a lot when it comes to making purchase decisions . In fact , in a recent survey from Nielsen , 90 % of respondents said they had some degree of trust in a recommendation from a friend or family member . Those recommendations count more than consumer reviews or branded websites . In other words , a Facebook Like could count for more than a banner ad when it comes to moving product -- and the Like is free media . Once Google has its +1 wheels in motion , the feature stands to become a social recommendation engine , as well , but a more targeted one . On Facebook , you see Likes for brands , photos , and posts that have nothing to do with you . But on Google , you see personal recommendations for products and places you 're actively seeking out . It 's a powerful concept , and advertisers will surely want to optimize for that situation . Prosser notes , "  While we ca n't speak to what other products are doing , we think there 's a great deal of value in surfacing personal recommendations and endorsements where they 're most valuable , in search ... We 've really focused on relevance . When you +1 something , you know your friends will find it in search , but you wo n't be pushing a notification to everyone . " As DeepFocus CEO Ian Schafer told us Wednesday , "  When someone is searching for a piece of information about a product , a review , or insightful commentary , it is typically a very insular activity , " says Schafer . "  But being able to place a ` seal of approval ' next to a search result may have the effect of making a typically insular activity more collaborative -- hopefully improving the ` algorithm ' through the quality of your connections . " Search algorithms The other interesting piece of the puzzle is the SEO question . Google came at search in the 1990s with an algorithmic approach that put it head and shoulders above contemporary UGC engines . Now , it 's turning back the clock and allowing user feedback to drive search results once again . Does this mean algorithmic web search has failed ? Will user-driven search data be just as gaming-prone as algorithms are ? Google communications manager Jake Hubert wrote to us in an email , "  We rely on a fundamentally algorithmic approach to search quality because this is the most scalable way to answer more than a billion search queries each day , many of which we 've never seen before , in more than a hundred languages . Google 's algorithm is constantly evolving and improving . For example , in 2010 alone we experimented with more than 6,000 changes and launched 490 . "  Google will study the clicks on +1 buttons as another ranking signal . As with any new ranking signal , we 'll be starting carefully and learning how the signal is related to quality . " As users begin to see these +1 s from friends and others as recommendations in search results , the results will likely become more personalized and hopefully more relevant . And when it comes to search , Facebook Likes -- an unindexed piece of data in a closed network -- do n't count for a hill of beans . Who will win the war ? Which company will end up with the most users , the most data , the best targeting and the most profit ? The answer to that question largely depends on whether +1 can successfully change the game , whether this innocuous little button is actually Google 's first killer social product . But regardless , online ad spend is hardly a zero sum game , and both of these companies are setting themselves up for a long-term , multilateral tug of war to capture as much of that market as possible . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google 's +1 buttons will be in Google Search ; clicking them will require a Google profile Google commands 12.6 % of the annual $ 10.1 billion in U.S. online ad spending If Google get more people to create profiles , it could increase the accuracy of its targeting
CNN  -- What 's Hawaii without palm trees ? That 's a question the island state hopes it wo n't have to answer as it attempts to stave off an invasion by the coconut rhinoceros beetle , an unwanted visitor that 's already done extensive damage on the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam . Big , hungry and hard to kill , the coconut rhino beetle bores into the tops of coconut palms , eating growing tissues , drinking the sap , ripping into the bases of fronds and exposing the plant to disease . Then it crawls off to breed , preferably in piles of mulch or trash . Adults can grow up to two inches long and live to the ripe old age of three months . "  This beetle is really tough , and most of the pesticides that are legal for use in Hawaii do not work on it , " said Darcy Oishi , the state Agriculture Department official in charge of containing the beetle . The first specimens in Hawaii turned up on a golf course on the military 's Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam , outside Honolulu , in December . About 500 pheromone-baited traps have been deployed within a one-mile radius of the site ; authorities have urged the public to look out for the beetle and clear away any debris that might make for a beetle 's love nest . Other alternatives under consideration include possibly releasing a fungus or a virus known to attack the insect in its native habitat in tropical Asia , Oishi said . Not known how they reached Hawaii The source of the infestation on Oahu is unclear so far . Oishi said there 's no evidence they stowed away aboard a military ship or plane . And since Honolulu 's international airport is located just across a highway from the golf course , they might have reached Hawaii via civilian aircraft . "  What we have found is one major breeding site and a few minor breeding sites , all in close proximity to each other , and we are currently working with the Navy and the USDA plant protection and quarantine service to deal with the issue , " Oishi said . So far , scientists have found a relatively small population of several thousand . An uncontrolled infestation would pose a "  tremendous " economic risks to the state , he said . "  Do people want to go to a Hawaii that is without palm trees ? " Oishi asked . The coconut is no longer a cash crop on Hawaii , "  but it 's super-important as an ornamental plant . " Islanders still eat its meat , drink its milk and the husks and fibers have a variety of uses in native Hawaiian cultural practices . And the beetles might not stop at the palms : They could also attack valuable crops and ornamental plants , he said . The coconut rhino beetle has been turning up across the Pacific islands since the 1940s . In 2007 , it reached Guam , probably in a shipment of construction material from Asia , according to the U.S. Agriculture Department . Efforts to wipe them out have been unsuccessful , said Aubrey Moore , a University of Guam entomologist who is advising Hawaii on what has and has n't worked there . "  Eradication is n't impossible , but it 's highly improbable at this time , " Moore said . "  So now we 're trying to learn how to live with it . And the same thing will happen in Hawaii if they do n't start doing something right away . " "  We can expect to lose about 50 % of our coconut palms when it 's all over , and that 's looking really sad , " he said . Tackling a problem before it blossoms But Hawaii has some advantages that Guam did n't -- including plenty of natural beetle predators such as birds . Most of Guam 's avian life was wiped out by another invasive species , the brown tree snake , which arrived around 1950 . Birds , rats and mongoose , which were introduced to Hawaii in a 19th century attempt to control rats , are already attacking the rhino beetles , Moore said . Ants and other beetle species may also help by eating the rhino beetle 's larvae . And Oahu is bigger than Guam , which is located about 1,500 miles south of Japan in the Northern Mariana Islands . The smaller the island , the more susceptible to damage from invaders , Moore said . "  They have significant resources that we never had , " he said . "  The USDA 's taking this very seriously , and they have a big group of people there . " But the one breeding site identified so far on Hawaii is "  pumping out adults like crazy . " Faced with a fast-breeding , invasive menace , Hawaiian officials are also discussing whether to resort to more advanced biological control mechanisms . Growers in countries such as the Philippines , where coconuts are still a cash crop , use sawdust laced with a fungus that attacks the coconut rhino beetle in traps and breeding sites ; a Malaysian virus that attacks them has been used to control the population in Samoa and Fiji . But neither measure has been approved by U.S. regulators . Oishi said those steps are being studied in Hawaii , but will require extensive studies under "  very contained conditions . " Then they would have to be approved by both state and federal agencies , which will require their own environmental assessments . In the meantime , the battle against the beetles -- a grubby struggle , fought tree-to-tree and mulch heap-to-mulch heap -- will grind on . "  We will have to be monitoring this project for at least a year , probably more along the lines of three years , " Oishi said . Lionfish infestation in Atlantic Ocean a growing epidemic ` Crazy ants ' a threat in the U.S. 18-foot invasive python found in Florida	Destructive beetle that kills coconut palms found in Hawaii The coconut rhino beetle has done extensive damage on Guam since 2007 It poses a "  tremendous " economic risk to Hawaii if it is n't controlled , official says
CNN  After months of anticipation , a grand jury 's decision on whether to indict a Missouri officer for fatally shooting an unarmed black teenager could come at any moment . And when it does , anything could happen in the tinderbox that is Ferguson , Missouri . But how did we get to this point ? Here are six things to know to get up to speed on the case : On August 9 , 18-year-old Michael Brown and his friend Dorian Johnson were walking in the middle of a residential street when a white officer , Darren Wilson , pulled up and told them to get out of the road . That 's where the stories quickly diverge . According to Johnson , he and Brown told the officer they were almost at their destination and would be out of the street shortly . But Johnson said the officer grabbed Brown by the neck and drew his gun , eventually shooting Brown . "  At no point in time did they struggle over the weapon because the weapon was already drawn on us , " Johnson said . By contrast , a Wilson family friend identified as "  Josie " told local radio station KTFK that Brown started a physical altercation with the officer . "  Michael just bum rushes him , and just shoves him back into his car , punches him in the face and then of course Darren grabs for his gun and Michael grabs the gun , " Josie said . "  At one point he 's got the gun totally turned against his hip , and then he shoves it away and the gun goes off . " A source told CNN that Josie 's account matches what the officer told investigators . Both sides agree that Brown ran and then turned back -- the question is whether he turned to attack or surrender . "  He was running for his life and just got shot and turned around and did n't try to reach for anything , " witness Piaget Crenshaw said . "  He put his hands in the air being compliant , and he still got shot down like a dog . " Josie gives a different explanation . "  All of a sudden  Brown  just started to bum rush him . He just started coming at him full speed so  Wilson  just started shooting and he just kept coming , " Josie said . "  The final shot was in the forehead and then he fell about 2 , 3 feet in front of the officer . " The official autopsy , as published by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , said Brown suffered six gunshot entrance wounds . The wounds included a shot to the hand at close range , according to an autopsy analysis reported by the Post-Dispatch . That detail could support Wilson 's claim of a struggle inside his patrol car . But that does n't explain why Wilson continued shooting , including at least one shot to Brown 's head . A private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed the teen had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . The grand jury is deciding whether Wilson should be charged with any one of several possible crimes . Those possible charges include first-degree murder , second-degree murder , voluntary manslaughter or involuntary manslaughter , said Ed Magee , spokesman for the prosecuting attorney 's office . The grand jury can issue an indictment on any of those four charges , and it also has the option of adding a charge of armed criminal action , authorities said . At the same time , the grand jury will consider Missouri 's statutes for self-defense and police use of deadly force . Different states have different numbers , but there are 12 members on the Missouri grand jury . Nine of the 12 must vote yes to indict someone on a charge . The grand jury proceedings are conducted in secret . The grand jurors ' races and ethnicities are also kept under wraps . Though the grand jury has until January to issue its ruling , the prosecutor 's office has said a decision could come in mid-November . Complete coverage of the events in Ferguson Who knows . For more than 70 days and nights , protesters have demanded an indictment for Wilson and have called for Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson to resign . Only on a few nights has the situation turned violent , with some protesters hurling bottles or rocks at officers while police , dressed in riot gear , threw tear gas canisters . Gov. Jay Nixon made clear he 's not anticipating violence but wants to be ready for anything . Police from various departments will operate as a unified command . The National Guard will be available as necessary . Law enforcement is prepared to extend shifts and limit leave , and additional resources have been distributed , Nixon said . But one protester predicts violence if Wilson is n't indicted : "  If there is not an indictment , excuse my French , all hell is going to break loose . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Sara Sidner , Sara Weisfeldt and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	A grand jury could decide at any moment whether to indict Officer Darren Wilson Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown , an unarmed African-American teen The officer said Brown started a physical confrontation Autopsies reveal Brown was shot at least six times
CNN  -- What do Conan O'Brien , Etsy.com and the Smurfs all have in common ? They are part of the hottest craft trends for 2011 , according to organizations like craftster.org , that track the $ 29.2 billion dollar craft and hobby industry in the U.S. . An increase in handmade technology accessories and vintage patterns for clothes are popular , too , as art and craft enthusiasts find new ways to develop their creative talents . Hot trend : Conan Conan O'Brien is more than a late night talk show host , these days . He 's credited with exposing a new and younger audience to artwork . Fans of the comedian have been inspired to create illustrations , paintings , mixed media , digital art and edibles that look like the late night star - and this work is sometimes showcased on his TBS television show and on his website . "  While we had never actively solicited artwork or crafts from fans , we were seeing so much incredible stuff posted across the web , and were inspired to build ` Coco MoCA - The Museum Of Conan Art ' -- an internet gallery to celebrate these fantastic artists ' talent , " said John A. Wooden , General Manager and Executive Producer of Team Coco Digital . Wooden says the team has been pleased with the new museum of art and routinely display pieces of its work on Conan 's TV show . Hot trend : Etsy.com Etsy.com is popular , as it is a money making venue for artists and crafters . Etsy is a U.S.-based website that describes itself as an "  online crafts fair . " But unlike your local art fair show , Etsy is a growing business where its sellers made a combined $ 314.3 million last year in gross merchandise sales and more than $ 146 million so far , this year . The site has grown from about 200,000 active sellers in 2008 to 800,000 sellers , today , in 150 countries around the world . "  There is an added value for the buyer that comes from having a real interaction with the real human being that created each handmade object , " said Etsy spokesperson , Adam Brown . "  You wo n't find this at a shopping mall . " Husband and wife team , Stephen and Betsy Carr , of Asheville , North Carolina , said they quit their day jobs to pursue their dream job of selling handmade jewelry on Etsy and could n't be happier . "  We 're creative people and it feels incredibly satisfying to have made this creative life for ourselves , " said Betsy . Etsy makes money by charging sellers a listing fee of 20 cents for each item and receives 3.5 % commission on the price of each sale . It is free to become a member and sell items on Etsy . Hot trend : Pop culture Pop culture is always popular in the arts and crafts world . Indie crafters are expected to be influenced by 2011 film releases like "  The Smurfs , " and "  Red Riding Hood " and fan favorites "  Twilight " and Harry Potter . This , according to data and trends collected from the 1.3 million visitors a month who visit the craftster.org website . Consumers who ca n't get enough of these pop culture icons have plenty of artistic options to choose from this year , both online and at art and craft shows . "  Fantasy of any sort is perfect for inspiration and getting creative juices flowing , " said Talia Roselli , a spokesperson for Craftster.org . "  When crafters ca n't find products in the marketplace that represent their love for their favorite characters and fantasy film narratives , they make them . " Hot trend : Modern technology Blending traditional crafts with modern technology is "  hot , " in 2011 . Crafters will be inspired throughout the year , according to Roselli , to make cases for items like smartphones , iPads and Kindles , to name a few . "  We attribute this demand for unique tech accessories in large part to the highly personalized experience of using today 's mobile technology , " said Roselli . "  People want their devices to have a look and feel that reflects their personality . " Rich and Brenna Neeley of Orange County , California , are among the artists on Etsy.com that cater to this niche of craft items . They selliPhone and iPod chargers that look like new and vintage books . Brenna says her personal iPhone charger is a small book of poems that has sentimental value for her . "  Everytime I plug in my device , it makes me smile , " said Brenna . "  It 's more about how it makes me feel than what it does , the charging function is just a necessity of life these days . " Hot trend : Fashion In fashion , pleating , smocking and detailed embellishments in a style that mixes the 1940s and 1970s will be trendy for crafters throughout 2011 . As fashion designers experiment with advanced techniques , material combinations , and modern finishes , they 're drawing more and more inspiration from vintage patterns and designs , said Roselli . "  It 's a beautiful blend of old and new that we 're seeing , " noted Roselli . Color choices reflect this mix of old and new , too . Roselli says what 's trending with indie clothes makers is an aged natural color like a dusty brown or grey , complemented by a bold , rich color like honeysuckle , plum , or yellow to brighten and modernize a garment or accessory .	Conan O'Brien , Etsy.com part of hottest trends in crafting right now In 2010 , the U.S. craft and hobby industry was at $ 29.2 billion 56 % of U.S. households craft at least once a year
CNN  -- On Tuesday , voters across the country appeared to offer a rebuke to the administration of President Barack Obama by voting into office many Republicans , who now will control the Senate and the House of Representatives . Such a take-down in the second year of the second term of any President is not uncommon . But this is the first African-American president , a man swept into office twice with huge support from blacks . Does voters ' midterm reaction to Obama indicate some flagging in support for him among people of color ? Could the GOP be making inroads with black voters ? Well , first consider : Last week Chris Rock hosted "  Saturday Night Live . " The show reprised a segment about blacks and President Obama called : How 's he doing ? The bit had an all-black panel , and after a few moments the discussion turned to the following question : What would it take for Barack Obama to lose the black vote ? Spoiler alert : There is no way for him to do that . It was just a comedy skit , but seems to be true in real life ; some may wonder why . After all , the unemployment rate for blacks remains high . In September the unemployment rate for whites was 4.9 % , while for blacks it was more than double that , at 10.8 % . The racial wealth gap also remains high . What is less well-known is that when you control for family income , black median wealth is less than one-third of white median wealth . Put another way , at every income level , blacks only have a fraction of the wealth that similarly situated whites have . From a financial perspective , things are not good for many blacks when compared with their white peers -- in spite of there being a black President . Nevertheless , there is widespread support of the President among blacks . So far , the Republican Party has given black voters little reason to shift its way , and Republicans should not assume that black support will simply move to their side if they merely put forth a black candidate . A few of the reasons why : Republican-controlled state legislatures that enacted voter-ID laws , coupled with Republican positions on affirmative action and immigration , are outside of the views held by most of the black community . But to be sure , black support for President Obama has eroded . Obama 's favorability rating is down 9 percentage points from the beginning of the year and stands at 85 % . His favorability among whites has remained unchanged at 34 % . But black support is double that of whites . Why ? Is it because blacks always support blacks ? Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas would say that ca n't be true , and tell that to the blacks who supported Hillary Clinton in the 2008 primaries . No , I suspect it 's because we have empathy for the situation Obama finds himself in . He is n't even safe in his own home , for heaven 's sake . To quote Chris Rock from the "  SNL " segment : "  Run into R Kelly 's lawn and see what happens . " What most blacks have in common with President Obama , is well -- we 're black . We 've all been disrespected at work  remember "  You lie ! " from Rep. Joe Wilson  . We 've all been presumed incompetent : "  Why is the President 's response to Ebola so weak ? " Here 's why : Because the Republicans will not confirm his nominee for surgeon general . That is not President Obama 's fault -- even though he receives the blame . Last year , a CNBC poll showed that when you polled the term "  Obamacare " you received a different response than when you polled the term "  Affordable Care Act " : 46 % of the group asked about Obamacare opposed it , while 37 % asked about the Affordable Care Act opposed it . It is not the President 's fault that when some voters hear his name associated with something they are more likely to reflexively oppose it . Who does n't remember the "  Keep the government out of my Medicare " signs when the Affordable Care Act was being debated in town hall meetings across the country ? Uh . ... You almost did n't have the heart to tell them that Medicare is a government program . Early reports show that indeed Obama has not lost black support in the voting booth . About 90 % of blacks voted Democratic in the 2014 midterm elections , roughly where they voted in 2012 and 2010 . A high percentage of black voters will likely always support this President . His experiences are like our experiences . He may be the President , but ... he 's ... still ... black like us . But the midterms do not bode well for the Democrats in 2016 . Republicans could not put enough images of President Obama in their election ads , and many Democrats could not run away from the President fast enough . My favorite was Kentucky Senate hopeful Alison Lundergan Grimes refusing to say whether she even voted for President Obama . She lost anyway . Contrast her response with that of a senator from Kentucky -- Rand Paul -- a presidential aspirant who stated , at a Detroit GOP field office in an African-American neighborhood , that the "  Republican Party brand sucks , and so people do n't want to be a Republican and for 80 years , African-Americans have had nothing to do with Republicans . " In 2016 when President Obama is no longer at the top of the ticket helping to get out the black vote out , Democrats will have a different problem . If they lose , maybe they will blame that on President Obama as well .	Dorothy Brown : Did voters ' apparent rebuke of Dems extend to blacks support ? She says blacks still fair poorly on employment , wealth , but they still back Obama over GOP She says they identify with what he 's faced : disrespect , blame , stonewalling Brown : Blacks reject GOP 's stance toward them . But Dems should worry about 2016
CNN  -- Federal authorities are reviewing concerns from a Massachusetts sheriff who is threatening to reject federal detainees at her jail . In an August 13 letter to the U.S. Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Suffolk County Sheriff Andrea Cabral noted a "  staggering lack of communication and respect " from the federal agency . She told CNN Radio that if her concerns are n't addressed , ICE "  would no longer be allowed to house federal detainees at the Suffolk County Sheriff 's Department . They would have to take them to a different facility . " ICE is reviewing Cabral 's letter and will offer a direct response to her concerns , said Harold Ort , a spokesman for the agency . "  We remain committed to reforming the nation 's civil detention system and will continue to work closely with our state and local partners to ensure that these necessary reform measures are successfully implemented , " he said . Cabral received $ 8 million this year to house about 260 federal detainees at a time . She says the amount is much less than it seems after costs are weighed in . "  The state allows us to have a retained revenue account , and that simply means that you 're getting revenue from a source other than state appropriation , " she said . "  Your state appropriation is then diminished by the amount of money you may bring in from an outside source , and in this case that 's a federal reimbursement , " she said . "  Our retained revenue account is $ 8 million a year . We spend more than $ 6 million a year staffing the building . " Cabral said her department is specifically frustrated with ICE not sending documentation about the Suffolk jail , including federal audits and complaints from detainees . Most recently , she said she was unaware of the findings of a federal investigation into the October death of a federal detainee until they were reported by Boston media . "  There has n't been that level of communication and information sharing , and it 's very important that we 're able to be very consistent with issues in this department , " she said . CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Sheriff is warning feds that their detainees will be turned away Sheriff Andrea Cabral is calling for more respect and communication ICE officials are reviewing her concerns
CNN  -- Facebook 's $ 104 billion initial public offering comes at a time when the United States is suffering a bout of self-doubt . Many wonder if America is falling behind as other countries are catching up fast . And yet the Facebook phenomenon did not occur in a vacuum . You might say it could have happened anywhere . But it happened in America . And there was a reason for that . A company created almost on a whim by a handful of college students rocketed to worldwide popularity in under a decade , bringing together some 900 million users and in the process transformed the way people communicate and interact with each other . It 's no coincidence that Facebook , like Google , Apple , Twitter and Intel , started in the United States . It 's also no coincidence the car , the airplane , the light bulb and the telephone were invented here . The fact that America is the birthplace of revolutionary ideas is not an accident . Here are some of things Facebook tells us about America -- not just what is right but what requires careful , urgent nurturing to preserve . Still brewing that magic potion The modern world knows there is a special , mysterious magic about America . Despite many serious problems , the main ingredients of that unique recipe remain . The United States has created an environment that fosters innovation and promotes creativity . There is no better place on earth to break with convention , think differently and blaze one 's own path . America 's government may look dysfunctional , its schools leave much to be desired and its financial institutions have the potential to cause disasters , but on the individual level the drive to dream big is as strong as ever . And the structure of support for those who have great ideas is still in place . How America shapes the world The days when Washington 's wish was the world 's command are over . But America 's "  soft power " lives on . The great events of our time have unfolded partly as a result of American technologies . The Arab Spring of 2011 was aided by Facebook and Twitter . Interpersonal relationships have been recast by social media . The industrialized world could hardly function without its Google searches and iPhones . American movies , TV shows and music are emulated . The drive of immigrant minds America 's not-so-secret formula has always included attracting immigrants and helping them and their children flourish . According to a report by the Partnership for a New American Economy , more than 40 % of the 2010 Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or their children . One of Facebook 's founders , Eduardo Saverin , was born in Brazil . Google 's co-founder , Sergey Brin , came from Russia . Zuckerberg 's ancestors , as well as those of Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz , were Jewish immigrants . As long as America continues to attract and welcome people with intelligence and entrepreneurial spirit , the country will pulsate with creative force . Designed in America , made in China Americans may be rolling out one great idea after another , but other countries are getting many of the jobs that come from its inventions . The iPad alone has created 700,000 manufacturing jobs in China . While American students are falling behind in international tests , the U.S. still has one of the best higher education systems in the world . We need to make sure our students not only attend college , but study the areas that will be critical to the future : science , technology , engineering and math . Maybe then they will find the ways that will allow American ideas to fuel employment in the country . Government policies matter Facebook is successful because bright minds created it , venture capitalists supported it and consumers embraced it . But that 's not the whole story . Facebook and other similar high-profile companies would not have made it without the right government decisions , ones that made the Internet possible or lowered the price of the microchips . While government funding of key industries is crucial , so is the decision to get out of the way at the right moment . America is one of the world 's best places to do business since government does not interfere much with the private sector . China is trying desperately to become a science and technology competitor to America , but it drove Google out of the country and its heavy-handed tactics have led to technology that mostly copies other countries ' ideas . It 's not always about money In the United States , people can make monumental fortunes when they have good ideas . But many of the most influential entrepreneurs are driven more by a sense of mission than materialistic pursuits . Zuckerberg could have sold out years ago and lived a life of luxury . Steve Jobs seemed unconcerned with worldly comforts . The real driver for these innovators is a wish to create and build . Those people whose only goal is to make millions sometimes live less fulfilling lives and occasionally cause serious trouble for the economy . Getting rich is fine , but it 's good for society and the world when individuals work to build more than just a fortune . Young technology entrepreneurs can follow the examples of the giants of their field . As a society , America should highlight the need to create and build , not just accumulate . So , hurrah for Facebook . Hurrah to those who have transformed the world and our lives . And congratulations to America for creating a place where people 's ideas can become reality . Now learn from what you did right , America . And remember , others countries are also learning from America 's success . The secret is out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Facebook 's $ 104 billion comes at a time when America is doubting itself Frida Ghitis : There 's a reason why the Facebook phenomenon occurred in the U.S. She says U.S. has innovative culture , smart immigrants , right government policies Ghitis : America must preserve and nurture its strengths to stay ahead
CNN  -- After scouring northern Colorado by foot and air , frantically chasing a Mylar balloon for miles and repeatedly interviewing his big brother , authorities ended the search for 6-year-old Falcon Heene where it began -- at his house . 6-year-old Falcon Heene says he was hiding in a box in the attic while authorities were searching for him . He was in a box . In the attic . The whole time . "  I played with my toys and took a nap , " Falcon told a group of reporters outside his home Thursday afternoon . "  He says he was hiding in the attic , " said Falcon 's father , meteorologist Richard Heene , clutching his son . "  He says it 's because I yelled at him . " "  I 'm sorry I yelled at him , " added Heene , tearfully hugging the boy . In a later interview with CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Falcon said he heard his parents call for him from the garage . When asked by his father on-air why he did n't respond , the boy replied , "  You guys said we did this for the show . " When the father was pressed by Wolf Blitzer , who was filling in for King , to explain what his son meant , he became uncomfortable , finally saying he was "  appalled " by the questions , and then adding that Falcon was likely referring to all the media coverage . Watch the Heenes talk about the ordeal on CNN 's Larry King Live " Authorities said they believe the case was genuine . The situation grabbed the nation 's attention early Thursday afternoon , after authorities reported that the experimental helium balloon was set adrift with the 6-year-old apparently riding in it . Heene said the family was in the early stages of working on the balloon -- a "  3D low-altitude vehicle " -- when the contraption and the boy went missing . His brother had said he watched Falcon get into the balloon before he untied the tethers , setting it free . Heene later said Falcon was videotaped getting into the vessel by his brother , but "  obviously he got out . " Once it was untethered , the saucer-like craft flew eastward from the Heenes ' neighborhood , though officials could n't immediately confirm how fast it was going . Watch the balloon float thousands of feet over Colorado " Authorities said the silver balloon , 20-feet long and 5-feet high , at times reached 7,000 feet above the ground while adrift . It was found more than 90 minutes later in a field near Colorado Springs . The story took a turn when ABC said that Falcon 's parents , science enthusiasts Richard and Mayumi Heene , were featured on the 100th episode of ABC 's prime-time program "  Wife Swap " in March 2009 . According to the network 's Web site , the Heene family "  devote  s  their time to scientific experiments that include looking for extraterrestrials and building a research-gathering flying saucer to send into the eye of the storm . " Richard Heene is a meteorologist and former television weatherman who has submitted to CNN iReports accounts of his sons helping him chase Hurricane Gustav , among other contributions . iReport.com : Heene family chases a storm Rescuers from several counties followed the saucer-like vessel until it made a soft landing some 90 miles away . Officials rushed to the scene of the landing , smacking the metallic balloon until it deflated . They looked inside -- no Falcon . At that point , there were two possibilities : Either Falcon never got in the balloon , or he fell out . Authorities began to fear the worst after reports surfaced that a box possibly carrying Falcon may have fallen off the balloon . A Weld County Sheriff 's deputy had said he saw an object fall off the balloon somewhere over Platteville , Colorado , which is in the search area . There was no box attached when the balloon landed at 1:35 p.m. See map of balloon 's trip " The widespread worries prompted the Colorado Air National Guard to deploy a UH 60 Black Hawk helicopter , with plans to launch a second one equipped with night vision if necessary . The search , which initially focused on Weld County , covered "  the entire flight plan , from the Fort Collins area down to the Denver International Airport area , " Col. Mark Riccardi said . But a little while later , Falcon turned up at home . Larimer County Sheriff James Alderden said it 's not uncommon for children to seek cover when they realize they 're the subject of a massive search . "  They hide because they think they are in trouble , " he said . "  What was confusing was the eyewitness who said -LSB- Falcon -RSB- climbed into the apparatus , which was not the case , " Alderden said , referring to the boy 's brother . The sheriff said the brother was interviewed several times by investigators and that he was consistent with his story . Marc Friedland , the family 's next-door neighbor , said he saw Richard Heene working on the giant Mylar balloon in the backyard . Learn more about airborne balloons " "  Basically , the whole family was out there and they were working with it , " he said . "  When I came back is when I found out that the event happened . " He said the aircraft was intended to hover around 20 feet in the air and was not intended to carry people . "  Obviously , something went wrong with that . " Friedland described his neighbors as "  a great family . " "  They 're unusual , yes , of course . He 's sort of a scientist-slash-inventor . They 're storm chasers -- they go after tornadoes , hurricanes , things like that , " he said . "  He 's a great kid , " Friedland said of Falcon . "  We see him a lot and they come over and they 're always friendly . "	NEW : Falcon Heene says "  we did this for the show , " authorities say case genuine Falcon Heene 's dad says son hid in attic because he had yelled at him Sibling said boy untethered balloon and climbed in , but no one was found aboard Authorities launched ground and air searches for boy after balloon landed
London  CNN  -- The artwork for "  The Next Day , " David Bowie 's first album in 10 years and a record that nobody outside his inner circle suspected was coming , is a witty vandalization of the sleeve of 1977 's "  Heroes . " As its designer , Jonathan Barnbrook , explains : The "  Heroes " cover obscured by the white square is about the spirit of great pop or rock music which is "  of the moment , " forgetting or obliterating the past . However , we all know that this is never quite the case , no matter how much we try , we can not break free from the past . " Read more : David Bowie returns with new single , album In that sense it 's an unbeatable image . Bowie 's glittering reputation rests on his determination , during his extraordinary run of albums in the 1970s , to escape the past and embrace the future , but he was also clever enough to realize that there 's no such thing as an entirely blank slate , and that tension was the motor of his genius . The excitement surrounding his surprise comeback , after a decade of supposed retirement , reminds us that he is rock 's unrivalled innovator-in-chief . His early reinventions could perhaps be explained by sheer ambition . That 's why David Jones from suburban Bromley , on the southern outskirts of London , became David Bowie  rhymes with Zoe , not Maui  and then Bowie , fearing that 1969 's "  Space Oddity " would render him a one-hit wonder , became Ziggy Stardust , the first post-modern rock star . If fame was all he was looking for , he would have been happy with that , but his hunger for change exceeded his appetite for success . He killed off Ziggy after just 18 months and unveiled a series of new identities , each with its own sound . Photos : David Bowie 's ever-changing look To listen to all of Bowie 's 70s albums in sequence is still a dizzying experience , because each one attempts to eclipse its predecessor . On "  Aladdin Sane " he explored the relationship between showbusiness and mental illness . "  Diamond Dogs " was an apocalyptic vision which spun the mid-70s ' darkest fears into a kind of glam-rock opera . The "  plastic soul " of "  Young Americans " was his strange response to the sound of black America and "  Station to Station , " recorded in cocaine-maddened seclusion in Los Angeles in the guise of the "  Thin White Duke , " presaged his return to Europe . Remarkably , these page-turning albums emerged at the rate of around one a year . The only possible comparison in terms of creative momentum is the Beatles , and there were four of them . Beyond the records themselves , Bowie 's restless eye for new stimuli , drawn from the worlds of cinema , theatre , fashion and visual art , made him pop 's most imaginative stylist . London 's V&A museum is mounting a major retrospective of his visual work this spring -- rare honor for a pop star . Read more : Bowie back after the bonds As the artwork of "  he Next Day " and the lyrics of comeback single "  Where Are We Now ? " suggest , Bowie 's mystique resides most powerfully in the three albums he recorded in Berlin in the late 70s : "  Low , " "  Heroes " and "  Lodger . " Of all his rebirths this was the most radical , influential and multi-faceted . The Berlin albums are perfectly poised between art and pop , containing both avant-garde enigmas like "  Warszawa " and glorious , gripping songs like the title track of "  Heroes , " which sounded not at all out of place , 35 years later , as Team GB 's Olympic anthem . Brian Eno , who worked on Bowie 's Berlin trilogy , once compared rock music to a blank sheet of paper that was rapidly filled in and Bowie did more than anyone in the 70s to colonize that white space . Each record was , to quote one song title , a fantastic voyage , alerting other musicians to new possibilities and charting a path for entire scenes . It 's impossible to imagine the landscape of early 80s pop , for example , without Bowie 's influence , and you can detect his DNA in countless artists , from Pet Shop Boys to Lady Gaga , U2 to Blur , Joy Division to Nine Inch Nails , Franz Ferdinand to LCD Soundsystem . To any musician who worries about reconciling artistic integrity with commercial success , or sonic innovation with emotional truth , Bowie 's 70s work is proof that , with enough talent and judgement , you can have it all . Of course records this good cast a long shadow and , to paraphrase Barnbrook , no matter how much he tried , Bowie could n't break free from the past . While his bad albums in subsequent decades were justly criticized , his good ones were unfairly underrated . Although he remained curious , enthusiastic and eager to take risks right up to 2003 's "  Reality , " he was punished for no longer reinventing the wheel with each release . As long as Bowie was still recording regularly , all but his most devoted fans took him for granted . They wo n't be making that mistake again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dorian Lynskey .	David Bowie stuns rock world by releasing first new music in 10 years Bowie released string of dazzling albums in 1970s , says Dorian Lynskey Lynskey : This fine music cast long shadow ; Bowie prisoner of past ? Critics will never take him for granted again , says Lynskey
CNN  -- So we thought Asian kids did great in school . Think again . A new study suggests that women and minorities are less likely to receive early support from potential academic mentors . Researchers from Wharton , Columbia and NYU ran an interesting field experiment : Pretending to be students , they e-mailed more than 6500 professors at top U.S. universities admiring each professor 's work and asking to meet . The e-mails were all identical except for the senders ' names . Names that one can associate with a gender or race -- like Brad Anderson , Meredith Roberts , LaToya Brown , Juanita Martinez , Deepak Patel , Sonali Desai , Chang Wong , and Mei Chen -- were used . The researchers found that faculty were most likely to respond to e-mails from white males . But more surprising was the high level of racial bias against Asians and Indians -- professors were likeliest to ignore e-mails from these students . One of the researchers noted , "  We see tremendous bias against Asian students and that 's not something we expected . ... A lot of people think of Asians as a model minority group . We expect them to be treated quite well in academia . " The study highlights the pernicious nature of the "  model minority " stereotype of Asians , and the fact that Asians are still viewed as the most foreign "  other " in our American culture -- perhaps the biggest outsiders in the politics of "  not like us . " A common refrain I hear from well-meaning friends and colleagues is : "  What 's so bad about the Asian stereotype ? Seems to me Asians have done all right . " I get it . As a woman of color , I 'm keenly aware that on the spectrum of bias , there are plenty of worse things to be called than good at school . It does n't sound so terrible to be thought of as hardworking or quiet when there are so many more obviously sinister racial myths out there to bust . But the flip side of the model minority myth is an assumption that Asians do just fine and do n't need any mentoring or help in the academic or professional world . Whether due to bias or mere lack of interest , the professors in the study treated Asian and Indian students differently despite their reputation for academic achievement . And this lack of mentorship while in school may lead to an achievement gap in the workplace . There 's still a huge disparity between the percentage of Asians graduating at the top of their class from the best schools in the country and the percentage of Asians who go on to achieve top leadership positions in their chosen fields . Disturbingly , I have heard thoughtful colleagues wonder aloud whether the underrepresentation of Asians in senior leadership roles is due to systemic , external factors that should be addressed with reform in the workplace , or whether it 's Asians who are responsible for taking themselves out of the C-suite pipeline because "  they 're just happy being the worker bees . " Is there any truth to the perceptions that Asians are passive , lack leadership skills and assertiveness , are unwilling to take initiative or risk , and even unable to have fun or a decent sense of humor ? Some people definitely think so . I 'm not the only American of Asian descent who has been told , in the form of a compliment , that I 'm surprisingly outgoing , funny , or sociable -- for an Asian . I still get friendly compliments on my "  very good English . " And at one of my very first legal job interviews , one judge put it succinctly : "  I 've always thought your people were very bright . " It 's the very benignity of these model minority stereotypes that render them so persistent and difficult to eradicate . So , what can we do about it ? We can start by improving mentor and sponsor programs . Mentors and mentees are too often arbitrarily paired in the corporate world . Employers should consider the real affinities that may actually exist within their workforce and offer employees the tools , training and access to identify , cultivate and maintain their own meaningful mentor and sponsor relationships . At one law job early in my career , I was assigned to a "  mentor " who himself had only been at the firm a few weeks . Why ? He was from Seoul . I 'm from California and grew up in D.C. And I 'm not even Korean-American . Meanwhile , I went to a college that graduates about 400 students a year , and a white male senior partner whose office was down the hall had gone to this same small college , yet no one at the firm had stopped to think that perhaps I might have something in common with him . Sure , it 's also incumbent on people to take initiative and simply walk down the hall and introduce themselves to potential mentors . But it would be incredibly helpful and transformative for the gatekeepers -- in academia , the corporate world , public service , media , entertainment and the arts , whatever path talented young people might choose -- to recognize the subtle , unconscious biases that sometimes prevent Asians from achieving their true potential . Maybe then Asians in America can be recognized for bringing more to the table than just being good at school . Q & A with author Helen Wan about ` The Partner Track '	A Wharton study shows high level of racial bias against Asians and Indians Helen Wan : The "  model minority " stereotype of Asians is pernicious She says even though Asians do well in school , in the workplace they fall behind Wan : One way to help Asians is to improve mentor and sponsor programs
CNN  -- Violence in recent weeks has prompted a "  slow but steady exodus " of Christians from the Iraqi cities of Baghdad and Mosul , the U.N. refugee agency said on Friday . The trend started after a Baghdad church attack on October 31 and subsequent targeted attacks of Christians in Baghdad and Mosul . The total death toll at Our Lady of Salvation Church in Baghdad was 70 , and 53 of the people killed in the strike were Christians , a minority group in a predominantly Muslim nation . U.N. offices in Syria , Jordan and Lebanon are reporting a growing number of Iraqi Christian arrivals . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Baghdad and Mosul Christians have been headed to other destinations in Iraq , such as the Kurdish region and the Nineveh Plains , a region in the north with a strong Christian presence . "  We have heard many accounts of people fleeing their homes after receiving direct threats . Some were able to take only a few belongings with them , " the agency said in a statement . "  Churches and NGOs are warning us to expect more people fleeing in the coming weeks . " In Syria , since November , about 133 families , or 300 people , have registered with UNHCR , "  the majority of whom fled Iraq following the October church attack in Baghdad . " In Jordan , the number of registrations of Christians during October and November doubled from the same period last year . In September , 57 Christians had been registered and the figure rose to 98 and 109 in October and November respectively . "  One man who is now registered with UNHCR in Jordan narrowly escaped the attack , having left the church minutes before the bombing took place . This refugee had been deported from Europe just days beforehand , " the statement said . Because of the recent hostilities , the agency urges "  countries to refrain from deporting Iraqis who originate from the most perilous parts of the country . " UNHCR said it was "  dismayed " that Sweden on Wednesday forcibly returned a group of some 20 Iraqis , five of whom were Christians from Baghdad . "  One of the Christian men said he escaped Iraq in 2007 after militiamen directly threatened to kill him . Fearing for his life , he traveled through several countries in the Middle East and Europe before reaching Sweden where he applied for asylum . "  He said his claim was rejected three times in 2008 and that his claims were not accepted as he was not considered to have been personally targeted . The others we spoke to said their asylum claims were rejected on the basis of improved security conditions in Iraq . " UNHCR said asylum seekers from Baghdad , Diyala , Nineveh , Salaheddin and Kirkuk provinces should n't be returned by other countries and should get some form of protection . The agency said that despite Iraq 's efforts to protect minority groups and their places of worship and an overall decrease in civilian casualties , these people are "  increasingly susceptible to threats and attacks . " "  Our position reflects the volatile security situation and the still high level of violence , security incidents , and human rights violations taking place in parts of Iraq . UNHCR considers that serious -- including indiscriminate -- threats to life , physical integrity or freedom resulting from violence or events seriously disturbing public order are valid reasons for international protection , " the U.N. agency said .	Growing number of arrivals in nearby countries Christians are also heading to Kurdish region , Nineveh Plains U.N. says fleeing Christians need international protection
CNN  -- Commonwealth Games women 's 100m winner Oludamola Osayomi has failed a doping test , organizers said on Monday . The Nigerian sprinter tested positive for a banned stimulant , Commonwealth Games Federation president Mike Fennell told reporters in New Delhi . Tests of Osayomi 's B sample are being conducted and results will not be known until Wednesday . The result is the first positive result from 950 completed tests at the Games so far , Fennell said , and showed Osayomi had methylhexaneamine in her bloodstream . It is a substance used in nasal decongestants , and was added to the World Anti-Doping Agency 's banned list this year -- having been at the center of the suspension of five Jamaican runners before the 2009 world athletics championships . Osayomi , 24 , was handed the gold medal in Thursday 's race after Australian Sally Pearson was disqualified for a false start . If Osayomi is disqualified Natasha Mayers of St Vincent and the Grenadines would claim gold , England 's Kathryn Endacott would gain silver and Bertille Atangana of Cameroon would collect the bronze medal . Mayers has already served a two-year ban for doping , having tested positive for testosterone in 2005 . Meanwhile , Pearson bounced back from her disappointment by winning gold in her main event , the 100m hurdles , on Monday . The 24-year-old followed up her silver medal at the 2008 Olympics as she set a new Games record time of 12.67 seconds after comfortably heading off Canada 's Angela Whyte and New Zealand 's Andrea Miller , who snatched bronze with a dip at the line . In another women 's event mired in controversy , Cydonie Mothersill won a historic first Commonwealth gold medal for the Cayman Islands with victory in the 200m . The 32-year-old , who was born in Jamaica , claimed her first major medal and the islands ' second of any type following Kareem Streete-Thompson 's long-jump bronze in 2002 . The final had been scheduled to be raced on Sunday , but was postponed after Cyprus appealed following the disqualification of hot favorite Eleni Artymata , but failed to have the runner reinstated . Artymata , eighth at last year 's world championships , won her semifinal but was ruled to have marginally , but illegally , run outside her lane . Hosts India also made a breakthrough at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , with Krishna Poonia heading a clean sweep in the women 's discus in the absence of world champion Dani Samuels . Poonia 's gold gave India a first track and field gold since 1952 , and only second in Games history , while Harwant Kaur won silver and Seema Antil bronze . Kenya 's Nancy Langat also profited from the absence of a world champion as she completed a middle-distance double with victory in the women 's 800m . With South Africa 's injured Caster Semenya ruled out of the Games , which finish on Thursday , Langat had little trouble in following up her 1,500 m triumph with victory from New Zealand 's Nikki Hamblin and Canada 's Diane Cummins as teammate Winny Chebet missed out on a silver medal due to a late fall . Kenyans continued their winning run in the men 's steeplechase , which the country has dominated since 1990 , with African champion Richard Mateelong claiming a surprise gold from world champion Ezekiel Cheboi and Olympic winner Brimin Kipruto . Uganda 's Moses Kipsiro sealed a long-distance double as he added 10,000 m gold to his 5,000 m success , with Kenya 's Daniel Salel and Joseph Birech second and third . World and Olympic pole vault champion Steve Hooker retained his title as Australia stayed well clear at the top of the medals table on day nine with 64 golds and 143 overall . India were next on 30 golds and 81 overall , with England third on 27/111 from Canada 23/66 . In field hockey , women 's champions Australia beat England 1-0 to set up a final clash with New Zealand , who defeated South Africa by the same score . In diving , Malaysian teen Pandelela Pamg prevented Australians Melissa Wu and Alexandra Croak from adding to their 10m synchro gold . The 17-year-old , bronze medallist at last year 's World Aquatics Championships , won the 10m platform title to leave the duo second and third . Canada 's Alexandre Despatie won his eighth Commonwealth gold since 1998 , with the 25-year-old following up Sunday 's 1m springboard success with victory in the 3m event from compatriot Reuben Ross and Australia 's Grant Nel . Despatie will seek another medal when he teams up with Ross in Tuesday 's 3m synchro competition . In shooting , Georgios Achilleos of Cyprus retained his men 's men 's Skeet pairs title with new partner Andreas Chasikos from Canada 's Jason Caswell and Richard McBride . Scotland 's Jen McIntosh and Kay Copland won gold in the women 's 50m Rifle Prone pairs event , edging out England 's Michelle Smith and Sharon Lee after finishing on the same score .	Women 's 100m champion Oludamola Osayomi tests for banned stimulant Nigerian has requested her B sample be tested ; results will be known on Wednesday Osayomi was given gold medal after race winner Sally Pearson was disqualified for false start Pearson bounces back on Monday to triumph in her main event , the 100m hurdles
CNN  -- About as mature as a third-grade boy , the comedy web series "  The Annoying Orange " proves once again that everyone secretly loves corny jokes . The semi-animated shorts , appearing on YouTube and elsewhere , generally feature the titular orange talking to another food , such as an apple or a pizza . The daft but relentless orange pelts them with asinine jokes , including those of the classic "  Orange you glad ? " variety . Launched earlier this year by animator Daneboe of GagFilms , "  Annoying Orange " has amassed a hefty 137 million views . What does the unlikely success of "  Annoying Orange , " say about the web , and entertainment in general ? 1 . Short is in . The average Annoying Orange episode is about a minute . It is simple , bite-sized and addictive -- practically requiring people to jump from one show to the next . 2 . The web 's a money-maker . Internet businesses make it easier for free web series like "  Annoying Orange " to make an actual profit . Fans can visit the "  Annoying Orange " YouTube page for t-shirts done by SpreadShirt and , via YouTube 's ad program , Daneboe can make money on every view . It may be pennies on each visit , but it becomes serious dough when you 're talking millions of visits . "  Annoying Orange " holds several top 20 spots on YouTube , including among the most-subscribed channels of all time . 3 . People are noticing . The biggest proof of impact might be what some call a rip-off of the series in TV ads for Nabisco Cheez-Its . Set in a lab , a food scientist is verbally insulted by a wheel of cheddar cheese which he deems not "  mature " enough . Should the "  Annoying Orange " team be getting a payoff from Nabisco?Judge for yourself .	The semi-animated shorts feature an orange talking to another food Annoying Orange has amassed 137 million views and is highly ranked on YouTube Internet businesses make it easier for free web series like Orange to make a profit
CNN  -- An image juxtaposing a famous painting of lovers and the ruins of a building in Syria has gone viral , becoming a powerful symbol of the country 's devastation from civil war . "  Freedom Graffiti , " by Syrian artist-in-exile Tammam Azzam , digitally superimposes Austrian painter Gustav Klimt 's masterpiece "  The Kiss " -- a gilded image of lovers embracing -- over a bullet-ridden wall in Syria . Syria 's civil war is now approaching its second anniversary . The United Nations estimated last month that the death toll in the conflict had surpassed 60,000 . Azzam 's image has gone viral since it was put online last week , attracting more than 35,000 "  likes " and 25,000 "  shares " on Facebook since Friday . While the artwork is a purely digital creation , Azzam , who fled to Dubai with his wife and daughter seven months into the conflict , told CNN he hoped to return to his homeland one day to create a physical version of the work . "  When I can return to Syria I have vowed to paint ` The Kiss ' onto Syria 's infrastructure , " said the 33-year-old artist . "  I can not say if it will be the same wall though , as who knows if it will still be standing . " Read also : Syrian artists fight Assad regime with satire Azzam said he began creating digital art as a form of protest shortly after leaving his country -- where his parents remain -- because he did not want to fight in the army . The work was part of a series , "  The Syrian Museum , " that was exhibited in a collection at Dubai 's Ayyam Gallery , which represents Azzam , last year . The works referenced other European Masters such as Goya , Picasso and Da Vinci , he said , juxtaposing "  some of the greatest achievements of humanity with the devastation in my country . "	An image of Klimt 's "  The Kiss " superimposed over a destroyed Syrian building has gone viral The image was created digitally by Syrian artist Tammam Azzam , who now lives in Dubai He hopes to return to his homeland and create a physical version of the artwork one day
CNN  -- English Premier League leaders Chelsea have successfully ended their dispute with French club Lens over the signing of Gael Kakuta , ending the possibility of a worldwide transfer suspension until mid-2011 . Football 's world governing body FIFA initially punished the London side in September after Lens complained that they had illegally induced the teenage Kakuta to breach his contract in 2007 . Chelsea took the case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport , who suspended the ban until a hearing could be heard , making it possible for manager Carlo Ancelotti to make signings in the January transfer window . It had been speculated that owner Roman Abramovich would bankroll a huge spending spree to safeguard against the appeal failing , but Chelsea made no moves in the market despite losing four key players to the Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Angola . CAS announced on Thursday that it had ratified an agreement between Chelsea and Lens which had effectively ended the arbitration procedure . "  The two clubs and the player have recognized that the contract between the player and RC Lens was not valid , " the appeal body said . "  Accordingly , the player could not have terminated it prematurely and without just cause and Chelsea can not therefore be liable for inducing a breach of contract . "  As a consequence , in light of these new circumstances , the sanctions imposed upon Chelsea FC and the player by the FIFA Dispute Resolution Chamber had to be lifted . "  In accordance with the parties ' request , the entire proceedings including the arbitral award and the agreement shall remain confidential and the CAS will not comment on this matter any further . " The 18-year-old Kakuta , who was voted the side 's academy player of the year in his first 12 months with Chelsea , received a personal suspension of four months as a result of the initial ruling and was also fined $ 1 million . Chelsea were fined $ 180,000 to cover player development costs , which the club said they would still pay Lens . "  It was always our intention to work together with Lens to reach this end , and both clubs have strengthened their relationship as a result of resolving this case to everyone 's satisfaction , " chairman Bruce Buck told the Chelsea Web site . "  In an act of good faith and with a view to the possibility of future collaboration with Lens , and without recognizing any liability , Chelsea has agreed to pay compensation costs for the training given to the player while at Lens , as mandated by FIFA in its original ruling . " Meanwhile , Premier League crisis club Portsmouth have had a fourth change of ownership in six months , and there is likely to be another before the end of this season . Hong Kong-based businessman Balram Chainrai , who was born in Nepal but has a UK passport , has taken over Ali Al Faraj 's 90 percent stake after activating a clause in their $ 27 million loan agreement . The UK Press Association reported that the Saudi 's lawyer is contesting that action , but Chainrai is seeking to stabilize the debt-ridden club 's finances before selling his shares . He will try to delay the winding-up hearing scheduled for next Wednesday over $ 11.8 million in unpaid taxes . "  The club will now apply to HMRC to adjourn next week 's winding-up hearing to allow time for the club to be stabilized and new owners found , " Portsmouth said in a statement on the club 's Web site on Thursday . "  Peter Storrie continues as the chief executive officer of the club and continues to run the club . " Portsmouth said Al Faraj 's financial advisor Daniel Azougy would no longer be involved in the club . The lawyer has been convicted of fraud in his native Israel , PA reported .	Chelsea end dispute with French club Lens over the signing of teenager Gael Kakuta Court of Arbitration for Sport ratifies agreement with English Premier League leaders FIFA had banned Chelsea from making signings until mid-2011 after complaint by Lens Premier League crisis club Portsmouth have fourth change of ownership in six months
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama announced Thursday that the federal government will spend $ 8 billion developing a nationwide high-speed train system -- an investment the White House says is needed to help spur long-term economic growth . The investment , to be made through a series of state grants , will be funded through the government 's $ 862 billion economic stimulus package . Overall , projects and planning involving the rail corridors will take place in 31 states , according to a White House statement . The program "  will help accelerate job growth in an economy that is already beginning to grow , " Obama said at a town hall at the University of Tampa in Florida . "  There is no reason why other countries can build high-speed rail lines and we ca n't , " Obama said . More than 30 rail manufacturers have agreed to establish or expand U.S. operations if they are hired to work on the high-speed rail network , the administration said . The president first mentioned the program in his State of the Union speech Wednesday night . The administration initially released an outline for a national high-speed rail network last April . Each of the corridors identified by the administration last year are between 100 and 600 miles long . The program is "  a long-term venture in which states will need to plan projects , purchase and lay track , build and assemble equipment , and construct or upgrade train stations , tunnels and bridges , " the statement said . In addition to the $ 8 billion mentioned by Obama , the plan also includes $ 1 billion a year for five years in the federal budget "  as a down payment to jump-start the program , " the White House said . Train corridors in the program include : -- San Diego-Los Angeles-San Luis Obispo in California -- Oakland-Sacramento in California -- Portland-Eugene in Oregon -- Seattle-Portland in Washington and Oregon -- Chicago-St . Louis in Illinois and Missouri -- St. Louis-Kansas City in Missouri -- Minneapolis/St . Paul-Madison in Minnesota and Wisconsin -- Madison-Milwaukee in Wisconsin -- Milwaukee-Chicago in Wisconsin and Illinois -- Cleveland-Columbus-Cincinnati in Ohio -- Detroit/Pontiac-Chicago in Michigan , Indiana and Illinois -- Tampa-Orlando in Florida -- Raleigh-Charlotte in North Carolina -- Washington-Richmond in the District of Columbia and Virginia -- Raleigh-Richmond in North Carolina and Virginia -- New York City-Albany-Buffalo in New York -- New York City-Montreal in New York and Quebec , Canada . -- Boston-New York-Washington in Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , and the District of Columbia -- Brunswick-Portland in Maine -- Philadelphia-Harrisburg-Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania -- Springfield-East Northfield in Massachusetts -- New Haven-Springfield in Connecticut and Massachusetts	Projects and planning involving rail corridors will take place in 31 states , White House says Investment will be made through state grants funded by $ 862 billion stimulus package More than 30 rail manufacturers agree to establish or expand U.S. operations if hired
CNN  -- An aircraft crashed Saturday afternoon during a demonstration at a West Virginia air show , killing the pilot , the West Virginia Air National Guard said . No one on the ground was injured . It was not immediately clear what caused the accident at the 2011 Thunder Over the Blue Ridge Open House & Air Show in Martinsburg , West Virginia . The pilot was flying a T-28 aircraft . CNN iReporter Jennifer Clark took pictures of the 2:30 p.m. ET crash , showing flames and black plumes of smoke rising from the ground . "  We saw a flash of light ... and heard the explosion sound , " she told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  It was scary . " "  You just heard the whole crowd gasp simultaneously and everybody just kind of went silent and was just watching what was going on , " she said . The West Virginia crash came one day after another deadly air crash . A pilot lost control of his vintage plane during an air race in Reno , Nevada , on Friday , plummeting toward thousands of spectators before narrowly missing a grandstand and slamming into box seats . Nine people , including the pilot , died in that accident , according to local police .	No one on the ground was injured Witness : "  You just heard the whole crowd gasp simultaneously " The incident occurs a day after a crash at an air race in Nevada killed nine people
CNN  -- We may be coming upon a new era for the Internet search . Google dominates the search world , but some sites are trying to expand the possibilities . And , despite what you may think , Google is not the only player . New search engines that are popping up across the Web strive to make searches faster , smarter , more personal and more visually interesting . Some sites , like Twine and hakia , will try to personalize searches , separating out results you would find interesting , based on your Web use . Others , like Searchme , offer iTunes-like interfaces that let users shuffle through photos and images instead of the standard list of hyperlinks . Kosmix bundles information by type -- from Twitter , from Facebook , from blogs , from the government -- to make it easier to consume . Wolfram Alpha , set to launch Monday , is more of an enormous calculator than a search : It crunches data to come up with query answers that may not exist online until you search for them . And sites like Twitter are trying to capitalize on the warp-speed pace of online news today by offering real-time searches of online chatter -- something Google 's computers have yet to replicate . Google , of course , remains the search king . Recent efforts to revolutionize Web searching have failed to unseat the dominant California company , which captures nearly 64 percent of U.S. online searches , according to comScore . Tech start-ups like Cuil , which billed itself as more powerful than Google , and Wikia , which relied on a community to rank search results rather than a math formula , have largely faded away after some initial buzz . Timeline : the history of searching for data " "  The general trend has been relatively clear and consistent for the past five years : Google is growing its market share at the expense of every other engine , " said Graham Mudd , vice president for search and social media at comScore , a company that tracks industry trends . The new class of search engines and data calculators enters the fray with those failures in mind , though . Instead of trying to be Google killers , these sites have more humble aspirations : to be alternatives to the industry giants . Real-time searches offer the most promise , Mudd said . If you search Google news , the results will be recent , but not live . That 's where Twitter 's search comes in . It searches the site 's micro-blog posts by the second , allowing users to see what 's buzzing on the Web at any instant . Facebook and FriendFeed also are experimenting with real-time searches , according to news reports . But each of these searches operates only within its own social network . Scoopler is another real-time site that 's trying to aggregate info from all of these sites . And all of these are seeing more competition , as two new sites -- TweetMeme and OneRiot -- launched new or updated real-time searches on Tuesday . Nova Spivack , a technology developer who writes about search engines , said sites that forecast trendy topics will become more prominent . Knowing what will be trendy tomorrow is becoming valuable to more people , he said . Search trend predictions will be valuable to people interested in news in much the same way as stock forecasts are valuable to financial industry workers . "  The topography of the Web is shifting much faster . Instead of happening kind of glacially , you 're on the beach right where the water is coming in and it 's constantly changing the way the sand is laid out , " he said . Other search sites are just trying to get smarter , with some acting as giant data crunchers . The much-talked about Wolfram Alpha , or Alpha for short , harnesses massive computing power to answer users ' questions , even if they 're never been answered on the Web before . Watch a Wired editor discuss the site " "  It 's not a new Google . It 's not supposed to be . It 's a new thing . It 's very complementary , in a way , to what search engines do , " said Theodore Gray , co-founder of Wolfram Research , which created Alpha . People need to get away from the idea that every 3-inch-long search bar online acts just like Google and Yahoo! , he said . If you ask Google a question , the search engine 's computers scan the Web for matching search terms and come up with answers that make the most sense statistically . Alpha , by contrast , pulls information from existing data sets that have been approved by the site 's math-minded staff . The site then computes an answer to your question . An example will help this make sense . Say you wanted to find out nutritional information for your favorite recipe . On Google , you would have to search each ingredient individually and then add the calories and fat grams together yourself . With Alpha , you can type in the full recipe and the site produces a completed graphic that looks like it came right off the side of a cereal box . Read about a CNN test of ` Alpha ' Some search sites are trying to get better at understanding what their users want . Twine , a social site created by Spivack , soon will start incorporating information about its users into a search function , he said . Some of the information comes through a user 's search history . The site also will ask users to rank search results by their relevance to your interests . "  Right now , one of the problems with search is that it 's really one-size-fits-all . It 's not very personalized , " Spivack said . "  The fact is when I 'm searching for certain kinds of things , the way that the results should be ranked might quite be different than if someone with a very different background or interests was searching for those same things . " So if you 're someone who is into heavy science , a search about evolution might yield more academic papers . If you 're a person whose Web interests lean more toward pop culture , an evolution search might turn up photos and more basic information . Helping computers understand the information that 's online is the next step in making searches more personal , Spivack said . It 's unclear which companies , if any , will be able to accomplish this , but Google appears to be working on that problem as well as others . At an event on Tuesday , Google announced a new "  show options " feature as part of its search . Users can use the function to see new ways search results are linked , such as through timelines or a "  Wonder Wheel , " which displays visual relationships between search terms . And in a staff letter published last week on Google 's blog , company co-founder Sergey Brin wrote about making searches more intelligent . "  Perfect search requires human-level artificial intelligence , which many of us believe is still quite distant , " he wrote . "  However , I think it will soon be possible to have a search engine that ` understands ' more of the queries and documents than we do today . "  Others claim to have accomplished this , and Google 's systems have more smarts behind the curtains than may be apparent from the outside , but the field as a whole is still shy of where I would have expected it to be . "	New search engines try to make searches faster , smarter , more personal Wolfram Alpha , which launches this month , acts as a powerful calculator Others are trying to make searches more visual instead of text-based
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Friends and acquaintances of Philip Markoff , a medical student accused of killing a woman he may have met through a Craigslist online ad , described the 23-year-old as a model student . Medical student Philip Markoff , 23 , appears in court Tuesday in Boston , Massachusetts . "  My girlfriend actually rode the elevator with him a lot alone ; it 's kind of freaking her out now , " said Patrick Sullivan , who lived in the same apartment building as Markoff in Quincy , Massachusetts , a Boston suburb . "  She thought he was kind of the all-American , good-looking guy , " Sullivan said . "  When she saw him on TV yesterday , she even remarked , ' I ca n't believe it 's him . I always thought he had such a great smile , and he was so nice to me . ' " James Kehoe , a friend of Markoff 's from the State University of New York at Albany , where both attended college , said Markoff was "  one of the best students I 've probably ever encountered . " "  He would never put anything in front of his work , " he said . "  He had great aspirations to be a doctor . " Markoff , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , is charged with killing 26-year-old Julissa Brisman of New York on April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Watch acquaintances describe a smart , good-looking guy " Markoff was arraigned Tuesday and is being held without bail . His attorney , John Salsberg , told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "  not guilty of the charges . He has his family 's support . I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom . All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . " A Boston University spokeswoman said the school suspended Markoff , who has no criminal record , when it learned of the charges on Monday . "  This was a brutal , vicious crime . Savage , " Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley told reporters . "  And it shows that Philip Markoff is a man who 's willing to take advantage of women -- to hurt them , to beat them , to rob them . " A procedural not-guilty plea was entered on Markoff 's behalf , Conley said . Evidence from the scene suggests that Brisman "  put up a fight , " prosecutor Jennifer Hickman said during the hearing Tuesday . Police have said that Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , a popular online classifieds service . She suffered blunt head trauma , Hickman said , and was shot three times at close range . One of the bullets passed through her heart , killing her , she said . Markoff is also charged in connection with the April 10 robbery of a woman at a Westin Hotel in Boston . In that case , the woman made arrangements to meet a man through Craigslist for a massage at the hotel , but was held at gunpoint and bound , Hickman said . She was robbed of $ 800 and personal items and left tied to a door handle with duct tape over her mouth , the prosecutor said in court Tuesday . The victim was not identified . Megan McAllister , who identified herself as Markoff 's fiancee , maintained his innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News . McAllister said Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " she wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " She accused Boston police of "  trying to make big bucks by selling this false story to the TV stations . What else is new ?? " Authorities believe the motive in Brisman 's death was robbery , Conley told reporters . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was killed showed a tall , clean-cut young blond man in a black windbreaker leaving the property , according to Boston police , who had sought public assistance in identifying the man . Police traced the Internet communications with Brisman to an e-mail account that had been opened the day before her death , Conley said . Using Internet provider information , they found the computer was at Markoff 's residence in Quincy . Authorities put the home under surveillance , Conley said , and "  the case just begins to build from there . " Markoff , meanwhile , is "  bearing up , " Salsberg said . "  It 's obviously a difficult time for anybody in these circumstances with the charges that have been brought against him . ... He 's pleaded not guilty . He is not guilty . " Authorities in Boston are working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , on what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney said . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , McCartney said . He said the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area , " but that had not been determined . Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster told CNN the company is "  horrified and deeply saddened that our community services have been associated in any way whatsoever with a crime of violence . " He promised that Craigslist will evaluate the incident to see whether additional measures could be introduced to protect users . CNN 's Mary Snow and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Procedural not-guilty plea entered in Craigslist slaying case Suspect Philip Markoff has been suspended from Boston University med school Evidence suggests that victim Julissa Brisman "  put up a fight , " prosecutor says Markoff also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban President Fidel Castro threw his support behind Egyptian protesters Monday , hailing the "  defeat of the United States ' principal ally in the bosom of Arab countries . " In a newspaper column called "  The Revolutionary Rebellion in Egypt " , Castro accused Washington of looking the other way while Hosni Mubarak pillaged his own people . "  We support the people of Egypt and their brave fight for political rights and social justice , " he wrote . Castro was in power for nearly five decades after his own revolution defeated Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista in 1959 . He was forced to hand power to his younger brother Raul Castro in 2006 when he fell ill . Cuban dissidents have also allied themselves with Egypt 's young protesters , saying they too should try to use social media more to organize protests against the government . On the day of Mubarak 's fall , prominent Cuban blogger Yoani Sanchez announced via Twitter , "  Right now I feel like I am in Cairo . I shout and celebrate just like them , " she wrote . "  I call all my friends to tell them : there is one less dictator . "	Fidel Castro says Egypt is a defeat for the United States He says Washington looked the other way as Mubarak pillaged his own people Cuban dissidents have also allied themselves with Egypt 's protesters
CNN  -- "  The vice-presidency is n't worth a pitcher of warm piss . " Those famous words were uttered by John Nance Garner to describe the office he held from 1933 to 1941 . And John Adams , our nation 's first vice president , described the position as : " ... the most insignificant office that ever the invention of man contrived or his imagination conceived . " If the vice presidency is such a useless position , why are so many people now vying to be Mitt Romney 's running mate ? Because they know it might just be the best job in the country -- or at least in the federal government . Being vice president is like being one of the lesser Kardashian sisters  whatever their names are  . Kim -- who is in essence the "  president " of the clan -- is a household name , but she is also subject to a lot more scrutiny and pressure . Her sisters , however , are similar to our VP : they are paid great , treated like celebrities , and have almost no responsibilities . Look at some of the perks of being vice president : An annual salary of about $ 230,000 , a beautiful house , a jet plane , limo service , a staff and even your own seal . All that is missing is a few product endorsement deals and the vice president truly would be a Kardashian . But wait , there are even more benefits , such as safety . Reprehensibly , a few our past presidents have been assassinated . But no one shoots at the veep . In fact , our vice presidents have shot other people . Dick Cheney shot his friend in the face just a few years ago . And in 1804 , Vice President Aaron Burr had an infamous duel in which he shot and killed the former secretary of the Treasury , Alexander Hamilton . And we think that today 's political climate is rough . Another bonus of being VP : very few constitutionally mandated obligations . The president has too many responsibilities to list . But the VP has only three : 1 . president of the Senate -- which is ceremonial position ; 2 . Cast the tie breaking vote if the Senate is ever deadlocked ; and 3 . Accept the tally of the Electoral College for the presidential election "  in the Presence of the Senate and House of Representatives . " There are assistant managers at McDonald 's who have more daily job responsibilities than our vice president . Indeed , there were 16 times in our nation 's history that the office was vacant -- and in many cases for years at a time . It was not until 1967 that the 25th Amendment was adopted to establish a mechanism to replace a vice president if he left office midterm . Apparently , no one really cared too much before then if the vice presidency was vacant . Arguably the most painful responsibility for a sitting VP comes if he runs for president and loses . The VP is still required by the Constitution to read the name of the person who beat him in the presence of the entire Congress -- like Al Gore did in 2000 . Awkward ? Yes . Lots of work ? No . And then there are the intangible benefits . For example , not too many people want your job . People grow up dreaming of being president . You do n't hear kids say : "  One day I hope to grow up and be elected to the second-highest position in the federal government . " No . We are a nation of alphas , not betas . Plus , the media and political opponents do n't pounce on every syllable the VP utters like they do with the president and presidential candidates .  I propose that any person running for president be read in essence a presidential "  Miranda warning " explaining to him/her that anything they say , can and will be used against them -- even words taken out of context or are ones said by unnamed campaign advisors . In contrast , the VP has the luxury to say stupid things . Our current one , Joe Biden , is famous for them . His "  best " may have been when he offered his public condolences to the prime minister of Ireland for the passing of his mother . The only problem was that the prime minister 's mother was still very much alive . But the modern day "  president " of vice presidential gaffes had to be J. Danforth Quayle , a.k.a. Dan Quayle . This guy made George W. Bush sound like a philosopher king . Quayle made such "  insightful "  statements as : "  Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child . " And this gem : "  The future will be better tomorrow . " Soon , Mitt Romney -- ironically the person seeking possibly the worst job in our nation -- will tell us whom he has chosen to possibly serve in the best job in our nation . At this point , speculation abounds who that person will be . But whoever is nominated for VP should heed these sage words offered by Dan Quayle : "  One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice president , and that one word is ` to be prepared . ' " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Many think VP is a useless position , but it may be the best job in the country He says it 's like being a lesser Kardashian : perks , fame , salary and almost no responsibilities Other perks are : no one wants your job , no one shoots at you ; luxury to stay stupid things Obeidallah : Quayle had a word for responsibility , and "  that one word is ` to be prepared ' "
CNN  -- When Anne Moyer told her best friend , Diane Ritchie , she was going to lose weight a few years ago , Ritchie politely replied , "  Good for you . You 'll have to let me know how it works out . " Clearly , Ritchie had heard this before . In fact , she could look in the mirror herself and see that her friend 's history of starting and stopping diets with little success was similar to her own . The stay-at-home moms had been close since meeting in 2006 when their husbands were stationed in the Navy in Chesapeake , Virginia . Ritchie 's family was transferred to Chicago in 2009 , and that fateful phone conversation about losing weight took place shortly before Christmas 2010 . Ritchie hung up and thought about her friend 's pledge . She picked up the phone and called Moyer back . "  I 'm doing it with you , " Ritchie remembers telling Moyer . "  I 'm going to start the same day you do , and I 'm going to start to figure this out . " They began January 6 , 2011 . Moyer weighed 336 pounds and squeezed into size 30 pants . Ritchie was 260 pounds and wore a size 24 . Leaning on each other as long-distance weight-loss "  sponsors , " the women would go on to lose more than 200 pounds the first year . Big and beautiful Their husbands always told them they were beautiful , no matter how big they got . Both women loved to eat and did n't think about exercise . Before they knew it , they were obese . Ritchie , 38 , says she was chunky in high school , while Moyer , 42 , was average size until she was about 20 . Both women said their weight ballooned after their first pregnancies . "  I 'd like to say it was some traumatic event , " Ritchie says . "  I had a lot of fun in my 20s and 30s and just did n't pay attention . Before I knew it , I was way up . " Moyer tells a similar story . "  I gained some , then I 'd lose some , but I would n't lose all of it , and then I 'd gain more than I lost . It just kept creeping up and up ... and then I just decided , "  Well , this is me . I 'm plus size . " Ritchie cooked healthy meals for her children but indulged on her own . Chicken without the skin removed , heavy pastas , wings and beer were all in frequent rotation . Moyer would make two 9-by-13 pans of white chocolate bread pudding at Christmas -- one for the family and one for herself . Physical and emotional difficulties Being obese took a physical toll on both women and their families . For Moyer , just walking to the car from her front door caused her to break out into a sweat . If she went to one of her kids ' sports games , she would watch from the car because the field was too far to walk . "  Say you go to Walmart -- I could n't do both the grocery side and the regular side . I had to choose one side one day and the other side another day because I could n't do the whole store and then get back out to the car , too . " Being overweight was also hard emotionally for Ritchie . Getting ready for military functions was torture . She would agonize over what to wear , needing her husband to hold her hand as she cried while getting dressed . Her lowest point came in fall 2010 when a stranger at a gas station -- heavy himself -- made a nasty comment about the size of her rear end . Months later , the comment still stung . The turning point In 2010 , Moyer developed sleep apnea , a disorder commonly associated with obesity in which breathing at night starts and stops . She was tired all the time , often fell asleep during the day and snored so loudly her husband had to sleep on the couch many nights . "  I thought , ` Oh my gosh , all the things I ca n't do anymore , and now I ca n't even sleep , ' " she says . Rather than go for more medical tests , she resolved to solve the problem herself . That 's when she called Ritchie . After Ritchie pledged to lose weight too , the women agreed to start in the new year . They began doing research . Attainable goals Moyer knew counting calories would work best for her . She used the iPhone app MyFitness Pal , which calculates how many calories to consume based on how much weight someone wants to lose per week . It adds calories back when you exercise . Moyer allowed herself to eat fruits and bread but cut out soda and enriched flour . For the first year , she plugged every single thing she ate into the app . Ritchie followed the South Beach Diet , a plan that encourages replacing "  bad " carbohydrates and fats with "  good " carbs and fats , lean protein and low-fat dairy . She ordered "  The South Beach Diet Supercharged " book and two South Beach cookbooks , got rid of all the enriched flour and alcohol in the house , switched to whole grains and documented her meals and twice-weekly weigh-ins in a journal for the first eight months . They set goals they thought they could meet . Ritchie sought to get below 200 pounds , while Moyer wanted to sleep through the night . The first few weeks , it took all their willpower just to focus on their food . "  It was like I was coming down off drugs , " Moyer says . "  Headaches . I literally had the shakes . The first couple of weeks were just absolute torture . " Once they adjusted to the new eating plans , they started thinking about exercise . First , they walked . Three mornings a week , Ritchie took her 4-year-old to the mall , and they did laps together . Moyer started with one block . She gradually added distance until she felt comfortable joining the YMCA . They were both realistic about what they could manage . "  I did n't say , ' I need to walk for an hour . ' When I first went to the gym , I did the elliptical , and I could only do it for 10 minutes , " Moyer says . "  And then I gradually would add to that time . Then I went to my very first group class , which I was absolutely terrified to do . I was constantly trying to push myself to do something more or longer or harder . " Eventually the women were running and working out regularly on machines and in classes . It took losing 75 pounds to stop Moyer 's snoring . By that time , she says she thought , "  My gosh , if I could lose this , why do n't I keep going ? " Some friends were n't supportive . Ritchie called them her "  saboteurs " -- overweight pals who would try to tempt her into having "  one bite " of cake , or who made her feel bad about spending her mornings at the gym instead of joining them for breakfast . But Moyer and Ritchie always had each other . The first month , they talked on the phone three times a day . Over the next several months , they would check in for twice-weekly weigh-ins and call whenever they slipped in their diets or needed to vent . They would treat each other to weekend visits in Chicago or Virginia , where they would marvel at how the other had shrunk . When Ritchie moved back to Virginia last year , supporting each other became even easier . They live close to one another and work out together most mornings at the YMCA . Besides taking Zumba , abs , boot camp and weight-training classes , they 're training for the Wicked 10K race in Virginia Beach . And more than 280 pounds later , they still call each other when they fall off the wagon . The payoff Moyer no longer has to bring a chair for her kids ' sports events . She 's even able to play an entire parents-vs . - kids soccer game herself . She also has a lot more friends . "  Before , I had to be at home a lot because going out anywhere was hard on me , " Moyer says . "  And now , it 's just like my world has expanded . I have more people and friends in my life now than I have in a long , long time . " And when Ritchie gets an invitation to a military ball these days , she 's no longer self-conscious about how she looks . Both Moyer and Ritchie say they 're heard from friends and gym acquaintances who say they 've inspired them . "  I had somebody come up to me a few months ago and she said , ' I see you here all the time . Sometimes I do not feel like coming in here and working out , but then I think , well you know that girl 's going to be there , so I 'm going to go too . ' That 's been icing on the cake , " Moyer says . The women know there 's no end date . They say they will always be food addicts . Moyer is a pound away from her original goal of 165 pounds but trying to get down to 154 . She still uses her MyFitnessPal app and has calorie counts memorized for everything she eats . Ritchie dropped 111 pounds in the first 10 months and at 149 pounds is now in maintenance mode . She still sticks to the major tenets of the South Beach Diet -- no enriched flour , light on carbs , heavy on protein and veggies . At parties , Ritchie will "  taste " most things but fill her plate with healthier options . She says it 's been a healthy change for her whole family . Her kids have learned to eat pancakes with whole-wheat flour and no-sugar syrup as well as brown rice and couscous , and her husband has lost 40 pounds . "  I will always worry about getting heavy again , " Ritchie says . "  I am not saying I wo n't take a day off from the gym or eat food that is unhealthy , but I have to keep myself in check forever . "	Anne Moyer and Diane Ritchie helped each other shed 281 pounds Ritchie used the South Beach Diet , while Moyer relied on the MyFitnessPal app Ritchie 's husband sent their story to CNN iReport Got an "  aha weight loss " story ? Share it here
Washington  CNN  -- The marketer of a popular children 's vitamin is refunding nearly $ 2.1 million to customers after acknowledging its pills contained only a fraction of a nutritional substance the packaging claimed . The vitamins ' packaging featured Disney princesses , Winnie the Pooh , Nemo and Spider-Man . Manufacturer NBTY and two of its subsidiaries , Rexall Sundown and NatureSmart , claimed in product advertising and on packaging that the vitamins contained a dose of DHA that would satisfy 100 % of a child 's daily requirement . But in some cases the vitamins contained only minuscule amounts of DHA , the Federal Trade Commission said . Vitamin D in pregnancy may protect infants from virus The amount of DHA -- an omega-3 fatty acid found in fish -- in Disney and Marvel Complete Tablets equaled only one-thousandth of what the marketers claimed per serving for children age 4 and older . For smaller children , the discrepancy was even more significant . Only five-10-thousandths of what the company claimed the pills contained on the packaging was in a serving of Disney and Marvel Complete tablets for children ages 2 to 4 , court documents filed by the FTC alleged . The packaging claimed the DHA the vitamins contained would help vision and brain development in children . The FTC said those claims were unsupported . Sold at CVS Pharmacy , Wal-Mart , Target , Walgreens , Kroger , Kmart , Meijer and Rite Aid , as well as online , the boxes were priced at between $ 4 and $ 8 each . The refunds announced Tuesday stem from a case originally filed in 2010 against NBTY for making false and deceptive advertising claims about their nutritional supplements . Parents who believe they may have purchased the vitamins dating back to between May 1 , 2008 , and September 30 , 2010 , can file a claim through the FTC 's website . In Tuesday 's statement announcing the refunds , the FTC said customers have until October 12 to file a claim . Hidden dangers in vitamins , supplements ?	NBTY said the Disney - and Marvel-themed vitamins held a full daily dose of DHA The FTC says each tablet had only a tiny fraction of that amount of the omega-3 fatty acid Parents have until October 12 to file a claim seeking refunds
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Sarah Palin has awesome power . We already knew that she had the power to drive liberal Democrats crazy . They do n't respect her , but they sure do fear her . And this week we learned that Palin also has the power to make those same liberal Democrats forget all the preaching they 've shared with the rest of us over the years about the importance of tolerance and defending those with special needs . Like , say , a little boy with Down syndrome who will be two years old in April but who has already been the butt of a national joke by the brainless and heartless creator and producers of the Fox animated comedy , "  Family Guy . " In a recent episode , the character Chris is dating a teenage girl with Down syndrome , and when he asks her what her parents do , she says , "  My dad 's an accountant , and my mom is the former governor of Alaska . " Get it ? If you do n't get it , you 're trying awfully hard not to get it . All week , the Palin haters have made feeble attempts to excuse away the offense . It 's a teenage girl , not a 2-year-old boy . Palin is n't even mentioned . How is this scene an attack on anyone , let alone a child with Down syndrome ? Yada , yada . Please . The whole reason the gag was inserted into that scene in the first place is because it was assumed that the audience would know exactly who the dig was aimed it . Otherwise the joke does n't work . When the bit is taken literally , the target is Palin 's son Trig . But clearly , the intended target was Palin . With the former GOP vice presidential candidate , bestselling author , television commentator and high-priced speaker riding high , this was about trying to take her down a peg . As someone who is paid to do the same thing with politicians , I 'd normally have a hard time criticizing a jab at a public figure -- even if I like the person , as is the case with Palin . But here , liberal Hollywood made it easy . This gag was unfunny , unkind and unnecessary . Unfunny because I doubt liberals would have found the humor in a bit showing President Clinton , one of their icons , having a heart attack . Unkind because at the center of all this is a toddler with Down syndrome who , as Palin 's daughter Bristol wrote on her mom 's Facebook page , already has a hard life in store -- filled with intolerance , prejudice and limitations imposed by others . David Tolleson , head of the Atlanta-based National Down Syndrome Congress , called parts of the gag "  hurtful and stereotypical . " And unnecessary because there are a million different ways to have written that scene that would n't have been so cruel . Wan na take Palin down a peg ? Fine . But do n't use her child to do it -- especially this child . Again , it 's disappointing that none of this seems to bother those on the left who are , it turns out , much more willing to put up with intolerance when it 's aimed at one of their nemeses . But liberals are n't the only ones veering off their script . Conservatives are , too . After years of telling women , minorities , gays and lesbians , and others to lighten up and not be so overly sensitive to flashes of intolerance and bigotry , now folks on the right are singing a different tune . They 're outraged -- and circling the wagons around Palin . Good . Glad to hear it . They should be outraged . But does this mean I can count on their support the next time there 's an insensitive or offensive comment , cartoon , caricature or other item that goes beyond the pale and offends someone they do n't care about ? And what of Hollywood ? How much consistency do we find there ? Not much . "  Family Guy " creator Seth McFarlane told the Los Angeles Times in a statement that he 's "  an equal opportunity offender " and that "  from its inception , ` Family Guy ' has used biting satire as the foundation of its humor . " This is the same show that , during the presidential election , compared Palin and running mate John McCain to Nazis . In an episode that aired in October 2008 , some of the characters are transported back in time to Nazi Germany where they try to blend in by pilfering uniforms of the Third Reich , one of which had a McCain/Palin button on the lapel . This is the same Seth McFarlane who , that same month , spoke at an Obama-Biden rally at Bowling Green State University in Ohio , where he took shots at Republicans and urged students to support the Democratic ticket . Equal opportunity offender ? I 've seen the show . It 's not that funny . But the guy behind it is a riot . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	"  Family Guy " show alluded to Sarah Palin 's disabled child Ruben Navarrette says the jab was unfunny and hurtful He says liberals who normally denounce such offensive references are silent on this one
Washington  CNN  -- How many people died of marijuana overdoses last year ? "  Spoiler alert -- it 's zero ! " said Oregon Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer , putting his hands over his head in the shape of a zero . The comments were made at an event Thursday with a bipartian group of House members calling for Congress to jump on the bandwagon of marijuana legalization initiatives passed in Oregon , Alaska and D.C. on Election Day . Colorado passed a similar ballot initiative in 2012 . Representatives Eleanor Holmes Norton from , D-D.C . , Dana Rohrabacher , R - California and Jared Polis , D-Colordao , were also at the event touting the health and economic benefits of legal marijuana . "  There were many close elections across America last week , but there was one clear winner : ending our failed prohibition of marijuana , and instead legalizing , regulating , and taxing adult use , " Blumenauer said . "  It 's not more dangerous than methamphetamines or cocaine . " "  Or tequila , " Rohrabacher jumped in . Marijuana legalization in the District requires approval from Congress , which is still pending . Norton said that newly elected D.C. Democratic Mayor Muriel Bowser is unsure about how Congress will react . "  I think she has some concerns about what Congress will do , " Norton said . "  We have to do it in a way so that we do n't become the place to come for pot . " . CNN 's Courtney Battle contributed to this report .	Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer points out there are no deaths from marijuana overdoses "  It 's not more dangerous than cocaine , " he said Pot legalization passed in ballot initiatives in Alaska , Oregon and D.C. Nov. 4
CNN  -- Kandi Burruss has broken her silence in the wake of the death of her fiancé , Ashley "  A.J. " Jewell . Kandi Burruss , shown in July at her recording studio , is grappling with the loss of her fiance . The newest cast member of Bravo 's hit reality show "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta " released a statement after Jewell died Saturday following a fistfight . "  I am devastated by the loss of AJ , " said a statement released by Burruss through her publicist . "  His death comes on the heels of the passing of my beloved Uncle Ralph , and with both of them gone my heart is heavy with grief . "  I had spoken to AJ two hours before I got the call that he was in the hospital , " the statement went on to say . "  Never in a thousand years did I think it was going to be the last time I heard his voice . There are so many things that I should have said to him , wanted to say to him ... But now it 's too late . " Police said Jewell and another man fought Friday night in the parking lot of the Atlanta strip club Body Tap . According to police reports , Jewell was taken to a hospital , where he died of blunt force trauma to the head . Fredrick Richardson was arrested on a charge of voluntary manslaughter after witnesses identified him and he was interviewed by police . Burruss , an award-winning singer-songwriter and former member of the R&B group Xscape , also posted a blog on the site "  Hello Beautiful " in which she hailed Jewell for not only being a good father to his children , but also to "  other children that he raised and loved like his own , including mine . " "  So AJ was a father to many , " Burruss said in the blog posting . "  It truly bothered him the way he has been portrayed in the media and actually it has bothered me too . AJ was NOT a ` Scrub ' like so many people like to blog and say . He had his own when we got together . " The reality show documented Burruss ' mother 's disapproval of Jewell as a single father of six . Burruss spoke openly of negative comments about Jewell that appeared on Web sites and in the media . On her Twitter account , Burruss mentioned her surprise that Jewell had apparently set up an account on the networking site the day he died . "  She neva took care of me , I paid the bills ! Scrubs do n't drive high line luxury cars that I own & buy 5 karat rings seriously , " a post from that Twitter account said . "  No Scrubs " was a Grammy-winning hit song co-written by Burruss and performed by the platinum-selling girl-group TLC . Burruss had reportedly told a radio station in August that the couple were on hiatus from their relationship , and the person posting to the Twitter account Burruss refers to as Jewell 's identified himself as "  Kandi 's ex-fiance . " Cast mates on the "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " offered their condolences via Twitter . "  Please Pray for my dear friend Kandi and her loss.I adored AJ and he will be misssed -LSB- sic -RSB- dearly , " cast member Kim Zolciak wrote . In her blog , Burruss advised readers to be cognizant of time . "  When you 're young you automatically assume that you got all the TIME in the world but then something like this happens and you realize that you 're not guaranteed TIME , " the blog said . "  It brings to life so many sayings that people say like , ` Tell them that you love them everyday cuz you may never get to say it again ' or "  Do n't go to bed mad cuz they may not be here tomorrow . ' "	Kandi Burruss releases statement after the death of Ashley "  A.J. " Jewell The couple 's relationship was featured on reality show "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " star says she spoke to Jewell just prior to his death Burruss also took to Twitter and posted a blog in the wake of the death
CNN  -- A 34-year-old man has been charged in the kidnapping of Abigail Hernandez , a New Hampshire teen who was returned to her home last week , more than nine months after she went missing on the way home from school . New Hampshire resident Nathaniel E. Kibby was arrested Monday and charged with one count of felony kidnapping for "  knowingly confining Abigail Hernandez on October 9 , 2013 , in Conway , New Hampshire , with a purpose to commit an offense against her , " according to New Hampshire Attorney General Joseph A. Foster . Kibby was arrested at his home in Gorham , New Hampshire , investigators said . Hernandez 's case drew national attention when the then 14-year-old girl went missing last fall . But the mystery surrounding her disappearance only deepened when authorities and her family revealed few details upon her return last Sunday . "  Over the course of the past week , law enforcement officers have worked around the clock to ascertain the facts and circumstances surrounding Abigail 's disappearance and return , " according to Foster 's statement . Investigators said Hernandez provided police with details of her kidnapping that were "  sufficient to warrant today 's arrest . " Kibby 's arraignment is scheduled for Tuesday in Conway District Court . In a statement released Monday , Hernandez , who is now 15 , thanked those who searched for her while she was missing . "  My gratitude is beyond words . It 's an incredible feeling to be home and I believe in my heart that your hopes and prayers played a major role in my release , " Hernandez said . Last week , investigators released a sketch of a man they said drove the teen away in a navy blue pickup truck on October 9 . Investigators also released photographs last week of black pants , a gray striped sweater and a camouflage-colored National Guard bag , asking for information from anyone who "  saw Abigail Hernandez or a female wearing the clothing and drawstring bag . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	Nathaniel E. Kibby , 34 , will be arraigned Tuesday on kidnapping charges Abigail Hernandez , 15 , returned home last week Hernandez vanished as she headed home from school on October 9 , 2013
Near Flagstaff , Arizona  CNN  -- As one of hundreds of evacuees in Arizona 's raging wildfire , Serena Chesmore valued family over home . She ensured the safety of the most precious things in the world : her family and pets . Her house in Kachina Village , after all , is replaceable , Chesmore said Friday . "  The kids , the pets , the photos -- they ca n't be replaced , " Chesmore said . Chesmore is hoping , nonetheless , that 960 firefighters will be able to save her house and 300 other homes and businesses from an Arizona forest fire roaring through park land . She made an early jump on a pre-evacuation notice given to about 3,200 residents in Coconino County . The online Incident Information System reported Friday night that much of the fire burned with lower intensity throughout the day , allowing firefighters to make some progress . However , despite that progress , the total area scorched climbed to 8,500 acres that night , and the containment level held steady at 5 % . The equivalent of a battalion of firefighters , including 15 hotshot crews and three air tankers , have been fighting the fire between Flagstaff and Sedona -- a tourist and retirement destination famed for its red rock formations -- since Tuesday afternoon . Firefighters face rough conditions Tony Sciacca , a fire incident commander , says it 's been an uphill battle for the firefighters battling the blaze . "  They 're engaged in tough terrain , cutting vegetation , applying fire to the landscape as they need to in burnout operations , " Sciacca said . Area residents took to Facebook on Friday to thank them . "  Thank you again for your tireless work on this monster , " Mavis Kimball posted to the Slide Fire Information Facebook page . "  We who call this place home so appreciate you . " "  So thankful the best of the best are here on the Slide Fire , " wrote Terry Schneider . Dust-dry pine needles , high winds and steep slopes have made for ideal conditions for the fire to spread rapidly , fire officials say . And it has . The flames that investigators fear were ignited by human hands appear to have consumed hundreds of acres in a few hours ' time , according to officials . The wind has blasted vigorously and erratically through fiery gulches , with gusts up to 30 mph , but has not blown towards the populated Flagstaff area . Alaska wildfire Meanwhile , in Alaska , a much larger fire that began burning Monday was 15 % contained by Friday evening , Alaska 's Interagency Incident Management Team said . The Funny River Fire had consumed nearly 67,084 acres of Alaska 's Kenai National Wildlife Refuge by Friday night . It has so far posed less of a threat to humans than the one burning in Arizona : no evacuations or injuries have been reported . There were more than 370 firefighters battling the blaze . Officials say access to the fire is difficult . Investigators suspect human action was the cause , but this is still under investigation . What to know about wildfires 17-year-old appears in juvenile court in California wildfires case CNN 's Ana Cabrera reported from Arizona . Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta and Michael Martinez reported and wrote from Los Angeles . CNN 's Steve Almasy and Shawn Nottingham also contributed to this report .	Fire has scorched 8,500 acres near Flagstaff since Tuesday Dust-dry pine needles , high winds and steep slopes make for ideal fire conditions Hundreds of homes , businesses are threatened and have been evacuated The blaze is only 5 % contained three days after it was first reported
Rome  CNN  -- Italy 's Parliament began casting votes Thursday for a new president to take the place of the incumbent Giorgio Napolitano , whose term expires next month . The election of a new president could be the first step toward solving a political impasse that has gripped Italy since February 's general election left a three-way split between the right , the left and a wild-card party . The presidential voting process is open to 1,007 elected representatives : the 630 deputies in the lower house , 315 senators plus four senators-for-life , and 58 regional delegates . The secret ballot is taking place inside the Chamber of Deputies , or lower house of Parliament . Usually the senators vote first , then the deputies , then the regional delegates . They can vote for any citizen over 50 with full civil and political rights . After counting for the first round wrapped up , former trade union leader Franco Marini was in the lead with 521 votes but short of the two-thirds majority , or 672 votes , needed to win the presidency . The center-left coalition led by politician Pier Luigi Bersani and the center-right coalition of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi appeared to be coming together to back Marini . This would indicate a degree of cooperation between the two blocs , which might allow some kind of alliance to be formed . In second place was Stefano Rodota , a former Italian Communist Party lawmaker and law professor , with 240 votes . Former Turin Mayor Sergio Chiamparino received 41 votes . Berlusconi 's ex-wife , Veronica lario , received one vote , despite expressing no desire to be president . According to the Italian Constitution , a two-thirds majority of the electors is needed in the first three rounds of voting . From the fourth session onward , the bar is lowered to an absolute majority , equal to 504 votes . A second round of voting will take place later Thursday . Napolitano 's seven-year term expires on May 15 . While the Italian presidency is largely a ceremonial role , it can become a critical one in times of political crisis . The issue has been that , under the constitution , the Italian president can not dissolve Parliament and call for new elections in the last six months of his mandate . The election of a new president could help move Italy out of its current political gridlock . Bersani fared the best in the February elections by leading a leftist coalition dominated by his Democratic Party to a small majority in the lower house of Parliament , but has been unable to form a government . Power in the Senate , where it counts , was divided between Bersani and Berlusconi 's center-right coalition , anchored by his party , Popolo della Liberta , or People of Freedom . Bersani and Berlusconi are archrivals who have previously indicated they will not work together . The wild-card party of Beppe Grillo , the grass-roots Five-Star Movement , will also not enter into an alliance . CNN 's Hada Messia and Ben Wedeman reported from Rome , and Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London .	NEW : Center-left , center-right appear to be backing the same candidate : Franco Marini Members of Italy 's Parliament are casting votes for a new president The seven-year term of incumbent Giorgio Napolitano expires next month Italy has been in political gridlock since a general election in February
With the annual post-Thanksgiving multiplex malaise setting in and just one big new movie  Punisher : War Zone , which I 'll get to later ... uh , much later  in theaters , the box office results remarkably resembled those of a week ago . Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn star in "  Four Christmases , " which stayed at No. 1 . So , yep , you guessed it : Four Christmases was No. 1 with $ 18.2 million , according to Sunday 's estimates . That brings the holiday comedy 's two-week sum to a sweet $ 70.8 million -- and it restores my confidence in Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon as box office draws . For now , at least . The rest of the top five is comprised of the same movies we 've been seeing for a while now . Twilight moved back up to the No. 2 spot with a tidy $ 13.2 million haul ; its three-week sum is $ 138.6 million . Bolt  No. 3  followed with $ 9.7 million , a huge and surprising 64 percent decline from its impressive Thanksgiving weekend sum . Australia declined 53 percent to bank $ 7 million at No. 4 . And Quantum of Solace  No. 5  grossed $ 6.6 million and crossed the $ 500 million mark worldwide . Among major new releases , the biggest was hardly the baddest : Punisher : War Zone  No. 8  grossed a mere $ 4 million in 2,508 theaters , a tally that 's way off from the $ 13.8 million that The Punisher premiered with in 2004 . More punishment : The Marvel franchise reboot failed to defeat even last week 's action disappointment , Transporter 3 which was No. 7 with $ 4.5 million . Ouch ! Meanwhile , the other sorta-substantial new movie , Cadillac Records  No. 9  , fared a bit better , bringing in a decent $ 3.5 million in 686 locations . But the indie drama Nobel Son failed to take any prize  except , perhaps , that of Box Office Flop of the Week  , grossing just $ 370,575 in 893 venues -- a redonkulously low average of $ 415 per theater . Nay , the only real news of note came in the ultra-limited-release sphere , where the buzzy drama Frost/Nixon debuted with a tremendous $ 60,049 average in three theaters in New York , Los Angeles and Toronto . The Oscar contender will roll out wider in the coming weeks . Overall , the slow box office was actually up more than 6 percent from the same , even slower frame a year ago , when The Golden Compass produced disappointing returns . That makes this the fifth straight "  up " weekend of the fall season , and all things considered , it should be enough to spread some holiday cheer in Hollywood . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Four Christmases maintained its No. 1 spot with an estimated $ 18.2 million Twilight moved back up to the No. 2 spot with a tidy $ 13.2 million haul Australia declined 53 percent to bank $ 7 million at the No. 4 slot
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- The unusually cold weather that struck Florida in January did more than damage crops and citrus trees . It has also caused an unprecedented number of deaths among Florida 's beloved residents , the endangered West Indies manatees . Twisting and flopping in the shallow water , Baby Coral probably does n't realize just how lucky she is . When this 3-year-old female manatee was brought into Tampa 's Lowry Park Zoo last month , she was 300 pounds underweight , unable to eat . Her skin was covered with small white , blister-like lesions known as "  Florida frostbite , " the result of exposure to cold temperatures . Lowry Park Zoo is one of the three facilities in the state that provide medical treatment and a place for manatees to recover from cold stress , as well as other injuries . "  It 's an exceptionally bad year for the manatee , " said Dr. David Murphy , the zoo 's veterinarian . So far this year , a record 280 or more manatees have died from cold stress-related illnesses . That 's estimated to be 5 percent of the total population in Florida . Add that to last year 's record mortality rate of 429 deaths from boat strikes and other causes , and that number may be as high as 10 percent . Marine biologist Andy Garrett says he 's never seen anything like this before . The full impact of the cold weather on the manatee population is still unclear , according to Garrett , who works for Florida 's Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . He says that when water temperatures dip below 68 degrees Fahrenheit , these subtropical animals simply ca n't cope with the cold . Last month , Florida 's water temperatures dropped as low as the 40s . While manatees are round and plump like seals and other marine mammals , their fat is not designed to insulate them from the cold , Garrett said . West Indies manatees roam the warm waters of the Caribbean , and in the summer have been known to migrate as far north as the New Jersey , and as far west as Texas . But those wintering in Florida are at the marginal edge of their habitat , and are always susceptible to the cold . On the other side of Tampa Bay , manatees have found a practical solution : Hundreds gather in a canal warmed by water discharged from a Tampa Electric Co. power plant . There , they are able to escape the cold , floating in waters that stay around 78 degrees . The carcasses of manatees who were n't able to find a warm water refuge have been turning up daily . Most end up at the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission 's necropsy lab in St. Petersburg . The lab has been busy in recent weeks , at times examining a dozen manatees a day . There , Dr. Martine de Wit and her staff determine cause of death . It 's normally the young manatees that are most stressed by cold weather , but this year , full-size adults are dying . "  That is a very bad sign , " she said . The cold water shuts down their internal systems . Many were unable to eat ; others drowned because they were unable to breathe . Garrett and de Wit believe that this may just be the beginning . They fear that more manatees will die during the spring , unable to recover from the trauma of Florida 's deep freeze .	Cold has killed at least 5 percent of West Indies manatees this year , 280 in all Wildlife official : Manatees ca n't cope when water is colder than 68 degrees Manatee are already endangered , and 2009 known deaths were a record 429 Necropsy lab official says she fears more may die in spring from lingering effects of cold
CNN  -- Where there should be excitement there is trepidation . Where there is hope , there is also fear . England expects -- but what it also anticipates is a night of high drama , tension and nails being bitten until they are no longer visible to the human eye . When Roy Hodgson 's side take to the turf at the iconic Wembley Stadium , the ` Home of Football ' , it will attempt to secure a victory which guarantees a place at next year 's World Cup . One win is all that separates England from challenging the world 's best in Brazil and yet it still seems so far away . Perhaps it 's not difficult to understand given the country 's history and that painful night 40 years ago when England faltered in such agonizing fashion . As on Tuesday , the opponent will once again be Poland . It was Poland and their goalkeeper , Jan Tomaszewski who was infamously labeled a ` clown ' by former Nottingham Forest and Derby manager Brian Clough ahead of the qualifier on October 17 1973 , who proved the scourge of the Three Lions . Indeed , it was the Poles who had the last laugh -- claiming a 1-1 draw to progress to the 1974 World Cup finals and leave England desolated . Forget that Poland only had two efforts on goal to England 's 36 or that the home side hit the woodwork twice and had four efforts cleared off the line . Instead , that night is remembered as one of the most depressing in the history of English football . Once again it is Poland , which will be roared on by more than 18,000 fans , which stands in England 's way -- a proposition which is enough to make England manager Roy Hodgson slightly nervous . "  I 'm a worrier . I think anyone who works in football is a worrier , " Hodgson told reporters . "  It wo n't be my best night 's sleep because at the moment all of my waking thoughts are around England versus Poland . "  On the other hand , I have great faith and trust in the players . I do n't think I can be putting a stronger bunch of players , a more confident bunch of players , onto the field . "  But football is not a science . If it was a science and based on logic and science , I think we would be 99 % there . "  But it 's not , it 's a game and things can happen in games that you do n't really want to happen and that 's what makes you worried . "  It 's not that you are worried the team is not capable , it 's just that you are worried something untoward might happen . " England has performed inconsistently during its qualifying campaign , holding Ukraine to draws on two occasions , while also finishing level away in Poland and Montenegro . Until Friday 's 4-1 win over Montenegro , it had only managed to defeat minnows San Marino and Moldova -- a statistic which has left Tomaszewski unimpressed with England 's current generation . "  Back then they  England  were one of the world 's best teams , probably even the best , " Tomaszewski told AFP "  Now England is weak , weak but they 're not falling below a certain level . They could have qualified already , like the Italians or The Netherlands , but they 've drawn too many games "  They  England  are still among the world 's best , but for sure now they 're not in as good form as 1973 . "  But , objectively speaking , they 're the best team in the group . "  Something just is n't right with England these days . All the players are fantastic but during a game -- I mean individually these players are nearly the world 's best -- when they play together something 's off with the communication , it 's just not there . " England last failed to qualify for a major tournament in 2008 when it missed out on the European Championship finals following a 3-2 home defeat by Croatia . That defeat signaled the end of Steve McClaren 's reign as national manager and left a deep and painful mark which resurfaced when England was humiliated 4-1 at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa by Germany . Should England fail to defeat Poland and Ukraine triumph over San Marino then Hodgson 's side will face the lottery of the playoffs . But with the Poles having failed to claim a competitive victory over England in 40 years , Hodgson is in confident mood . "  History 's important when it comes to not making political mistakes but I do n't think it has any relevance in sport whatsoever , " added Hodgson . "  Every game 's a new game and each Poland team that 's played England has been a very different team so , as far as we 're concerned , we 'll do our job against the Poland we will face . " Spain It is not just England which needs to gain a result to qualify -- defending champion Spain requires a draw from its final game to book its place in Brazil . Spain faces Georgia knowing that should it slip up then France can steal top spot . But the chance of that happening is remote according to captain Hugo Lloris . "  Spain did the job on Friday  by beating Belarus 2-1  and we do n't expect them to fail tomorrow , " he told a news conference at the Stade de France ahead the game with Finland . "  Yes , we already have the playoffs next month in mind . " France could meet Portugal in the playoffs unless Cristiano Ronaldo 's side pull off a huge victory over Luxembourg and Group F leaders Russia lose in Azerbaijan . "  France are the strongest we may face , " Ronaldo told reporters after being asked about the prospect of the playoffs . "  They are the only ones I do not want to face . " Bosnia In Group G , Bosnia can book its place at the World Cup for the very first time with victory in Lithuania . Bosnia sits top of the group alongside Greece with 22 points , but enjoys a superior goal difference . Greece faces bottom side Liechtenstein in its final game but Bosnia manager Safet Susic , a former international striker who played for Yugoslavia in the 1982 and 1990 tournaments , is confident of success . "  We are awaiting the game with impatience , " he told reporters at Sarajevo airport . "  The most important thing is that nobody is suspended or injured and we have had a good rest after beating Liechtenstein . I am optimistic . " Iceland Iceland is preparing itself for "  the most important game we have ever played " according to captain Aron Gunnarsson . The nation has never competed at a World Cup but can clinch a playoff spot with victory in Norway . A draw or defeat would be good enough as long as Slovenia do not better their result when they face group winners Switzerland . "  We are young and do not scare easily , " Cardiff City midfielder Gunnarsson told the UEFA website . "  We have already put pressure on ourselves and now we just have to handle it . We have Norway on Tuesday , which will be the most important game we have ever played . "  The Norwegians will not give us anything , like we would n't give them anything . They have nothing to lose so they might play well , but we just have to think about our game , stay cool and everything will be OK . " Turkey While the Netherlands cantered to top spot in Group D , the race for second place remains wide open . Turkey is in pole position , leading Romania by four on goal difference going into the final matchday . But Turkey faces the Dutch while Romania hosts Estonia . Should Turkey fail to defeat its visitors then Romania can pounce and snatch the playoff place . But if Turkey and Romania both suffer defeats then Hungary could yet sneak in through the backdoor . South America Chile and Ecuador can both seal their places at next year 's tournament Tuesday . A draw between the two teams will be good enough for both to progress . Should there be a positive result then Uruguay could finish fourth with victory over an Argentina side which has already qualified .	England will qualify for the 2014 World Cup with victory over Poland Ukraine can take top spot if it beats San Marino and England loses World Champion Spain expected to seal qualification Iceland can secure a playoff spot with victory in Norway
Editor 's note : David Paterson , a Democrat , is governor of New York . New York Gov. David Paterson says taxing soft drinks could help combat obesity . ALBANY , New York  CNN  -- Like many New Yorkers , I remember a time when nearly everyone smoked . In 1950 , Collier 's reported that more than three-quarters of adult men smoked . This epidemic had a devastating and long-lasting impact on public health . Today , we find ourselves in the midst of a new public health epidemic : childhood obesity . What smoking was to my parents ' generation , obesity is to my children 's generation . Nearly one out of every four New Yorkers under the age of 18 is obese . In many high-poverty areas , the rate is closer to one out of three . That is why , in the state budget I presented last Tuesday , I proposed a tax on sugared beverages like soda . Research has demonstrated that soft-drink consumption is one of the main drivers of childhood obesity . For example , a study by Harvard researchers found that each additional 12-ounce soft drink consumed per day increases the risk of a child becoming obese by 60 percent . For adults , the association is similar . If we are to succeed in reducing childhood obesity , we must reduce consumption of sugared beverages . That is the purpose of our proposed tax . We estimate that an 18 percent tax will reduce consumption by five percent . Our tax would apply only to sugared drinks -- including fruit drinks that are less than 70 percent juice -- that are nondiet . The $ 404 million this tax would raise next year will go toward funding public health programs , including obesity prevention programs , across New York state . The surgeon general estimates that obesity was associated with 112,000 deaths in the United States every year . Here in New York state , we spend almost $ 6.1 billion on health care related to adult obesity -- the second-highest level of spending in the nation . Last year , legitimate concerns about links between consumption of fast food and the prevalence of heart disease prompted New York City to ban the use of trans fats in restaurant food . No one can deny the urgency of reducing the rate of obesity , including childhood obesity . Obesity causes serious health problems like type 2 diabetes , high blood pressure and high cholesterol . It puts children at much greater risk for life-threatening conditions such as cardiovascular disease and cancer . We must never stigmatize children who are overweight or obese . Yet , for the sake of our children 's health , we have an obligation to address this crisis . I believe we can ultimately curb the obesity epidemic the same way we curbed smoking : through smart public policy . In recent decades , anti-smoking campaigns have raised awareness . Smoking bans have been enacted and enforced . And , perhaps most importantly , we have raised the price of cigarettes . In June , New York state raised the state cigarette tax an additional $ 1.25 . According to the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids , this increase alone will prevent more than 243,000 kids from smoking , save more than 37,000 lives and produce more than $ 5 billion in health care savings . These taxes may be unpopular , but their benefits are undeniable . Last month , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that , for the first time in generations , fewer than 20 percent of Americans smoked . Lung cancer rates have finally begun to decline . As a result , we are all healthier . Just as the cigarette tax has helped reduce the number of smokers and smoking-related deaths , a tax on highly caloric , non-nutritional beverages can help reduce the prevalence of obesity . To address the obesity crisis , we need more than just a surcharge on soda . We need to take junk food out of our schools . We need to encourage our children to exercise more . And we need to increase the availability of healthy food in underserved communities . But to make serious progress in this effort , we need to reduce the consumption of high-calorie drinks like nondiet soda among children and adults . I understand that New Yorkers may not like paying a surcharge for their favorite drinks . But surely it 's a small price to pay for our children 's health . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Paterson .	Gov. David Paterson : At one time , most American men smoked cigarettes He says higher cigarette taxes helped drive down the number of smokers Paterson says obesity causes major health problems and billions in costs A surcharge on soft drinks is a small price to pay for children 's health , he says
London , England  CNN  -- British singer Morrissey was hospitalized overnight after reportedly collapsing on stage during a concert , medical officials said Sunday . Morrissey was discharged about 1 p.m.  9 a.m. ET  on Sunday , "  much improved , " said Great Western Hospital manager Teresa Harding . "  He was admitted ... as a precautionary measure , " she said , refusing to reveal anything further about his condition or the reason he was hospitalized . The 50-year-old recording artist , who seldom uses his full name Steven Patrick Morrissey , was scheduled to perform in Swindon , west of London , on Saturday night . According to fan accounts on various Web sites , the singer collapsed after the first song . "  Morrissey is in stable condition after his collapse in Swindon Saturday night , " said a statement on his Web site . "  Thanks go out to all his well wishers , more information will be posted as soon as it is available . " An ambulance was called to the concert venue just after 9 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  , a spokeswoman for Great Western Ambulance told CNN . "  He was treated on the scene and then taken to hospital , " she said , declining to say anything about the singer 's medical complaint . She said the ambulance service takes 60 to 70 percent of its patients to hospitals , rather than treat them at the scene . She asked to be identified only as a spokeswoman for the ambulance service , in line with British custom . Morrissey was the frontman of the seminal 1980s band The Smiths , before embarking on a successful solo career . In a 2002 piece , British music magazine NME named The Smiths "  the most influential artist ever " -- ahead of the Beatles . The singer has canceled or rescheduled more than a dozen planned concerts this year , according to his Web site .	Morrissey taken to hospital after collapsing on stage during concert Singer has canceled or rescheduled more than a dozen concerts this year Morrissey , 50 , was the frontman of the seminal 1980s band The Smiths
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Last week , the Obama administration announced that the deep waters of the Gulf are again open for drilling . That the BP oil disaster is continuing and will have lasting effects is unacknowledged . The BP disaster was the largest oil catastrophe the country has ever seen , and the Gulf of Mexico and our communities have a long road to recovery . Our friends in the fishing industry are still out of work , the effects of the spill on wildlife have not been fully assessed , the safety of our seafood is still in question and entire cultures are barely hanging on . The administration says new rules and regulations will make deepwater oil drilling safer . Although we welcome the new rules , we believe that they do not go far enough . There is little assurance that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement , charged with enforcement , has the resources to hold the industry accountable . Gulf Restoration Network believes further steps must be taken immediately to ensure the safety of oil drilling in deep off-shore waters . The government and the public need to stay focused on the disaster and environmental impacts that are just beginning to play out , continue to hold BP accountable and act to make sure this never happens again . We hope the Obama administration approaches continued cleanup , regulatory reform and damage mitigation , none of which is even close to being accomplished , with the same urgency it has shown in efforts to reopen the Gulf to deepwater drilling . BP 's spill is only the latest and most visible evidence of the oil and gas industry 's ongoing environmental destruction in the Gulf . Louisiana loses the equivalent of a football field worth of wetlands every hour , and 40 to 60 percent of that loss is attributed to oil and gas activity , including exploration and dredging of pipeline canals . The oil and gas industry must pay its fair share for coastal restoration , and a large portion of the fines levied against BP should be dedicated to ongoing restoration efforts . Despite what the rest of the oil industry claims , BP is not a rogue player when it comes to taking big risks at the expense of the Gulf . Other oil and gas companies have violated safety and environmental regulations . Regulatory reforms and policy changes are urgently needed to prevent drilling disasters , ensure oil-rig safety in the Gulf and elsewhere and guarantee rapid response and cleanup when accidents happen . Industry in the Gulf still lacks the necessary assets to effectively respond to a catastrophic blowout . In light of the abysmal response , containment and cleanup we have observed and continue to observe in the aftermath of the BP disaster , it 's clear that we need new rules that require real , credible blowout response plans before any new deepwater drilling is permitted . There is only one way to make sure the federal agencies and the oil and gas industry remain vigilant and operate as safely as possible -- local communities must have a voice in decisions regarding oil and gas development . Because we are the ones who pay the price for the industry 's bad decisions , we deserve a seat at the table . An opposing view on reopening the Gulf to deepwater drilling A Gulf of Mexico Regional Citizens ' Advisory Council is essential to formalizing the public 's role in overseeing what the industry does in our Gulf . It worked in Alaska after the Exxon Valdez spill , and it will work in the Gulf . Congress should pass legislation to create and require the oil industry to fund a Gulf of Mexico Regional Citizens ' Advisory Council . Congress must also do its part to aid restoration of the Gulf . The White House 's "  America 's Gulf Coast : A Plan for Long-Term Recovery in the Aftermath of the BP Oil Spill , " assembled by Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus , lays out a vision for community recovery , improving public health , coastal restoration and marine resiliency that can begin to restore the Gulf . We strongly urge Congress to support the plan and ensure BP fines go toward restoring the Gulf . Early this month , 46 community , local , regional , national and international environmental , social justice and fishermen 's groups met in Weeks Bay , Alabama . We drafted a set of goals and principles that we believe must guide the recovery and restoration of the Gulf of Mexico , our coast and our communities in the wake of the BP drilling disaster . It 's called The Weeks Bay Principles for Gulf Recovery . Together , we want the nation to know that the oil is still here , and so are we . The Gulf 's people and places need lasting and continued support to get back on their feet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Sarthou .	Cynthia Sarthou : Gulf waters open for drilling before BP spill even assessed or cleaned New rules do n't go far enough , she says ; federal agency lacks resources to enforce Sarthou : Gulf fishing industry and people just hanging on ; seafood safety in question Local communities must have voice in oil , gas development decisions , Sarthou writes
In one video , the captain of the sinking South Korean ferry scrambles to safety . In another , stranded passengers panic . "  Wow , it 's tilting a lot . We 're tilting to this side . Ca n't move , " one says . "  You think I 'm really going to die ? " another cries . The two recordings fueled fresh outrage Monday over the Sewol ferry 's sinking as questions swirled over why so many perished in the disaster while many members of the ship 's crew survived . The video capturing passengers ' panic was recorded by a teenage boy on the vessel , according to South Korean national TV network JTBC . The teen 's father gave the network the footage after authorities recovered his son 's body and found the cell phone . Its memory card was still intact , JTBC reported . The network shared a roughly three-minute audio clip of the video with CNN , which translated the exchanges . The clip provides a horrifying glimpse into the uncertainty and desperation inside the ferry as it rolled . Meanwhile , outside the ferry , rescuers were circling , a video released by South Korea 's coast guard shows . The video shows the coast guard 's rescue of Lee Joon-seok , the ship 's captain , who scrambles off the stricken vessel in his underwear . Speaking out about it for the first time on Monday , the men who rescued him said they had no idea who he was until later . "  During the rescue operation , people were just dropping in the sea , " South Korean coast guard Capt. Kim Kyung Il told reporters . "  Everyone was wearing a life vest , so we could n't tell who was passenger , and who was crew . " Arrests and an investigation Many South Koreans have lambasted the government 's response to the disaster , saying it has been too slow . South Korean authorities are pressing a criminal investigation . The ship 's captain and 14 others have been arrested . Prosecutors in Mokpo , who are leading the ferry investigation , told CNN that all 15 crew members responsible for sailing as well as the engine room face charges and are being held in Mokpo prison . Authorities also arrested three people Monday on suspicion of destroying evidence connected to the sinking of the ferry . On Sunday , South Korea 's Prime Minister announced his resignation , saying he wants to take responsibility for the initial reaction to the disaster . Chung Hong-won apologized "  on behalf of the government for the many problems that arose during the first response and the subsequent rescue operation " in addition to "  problems that existed before the accident . " While political fallout occurs , the father of the boy who shot the cell phone video is beside himself with grief . "  My son , it must have been cold and dark where you were , " said Park Jong-dae , weeping as he read a statement on JTBC . "  How much you must have been cold and afraid ? "  I hoped and prayed for your survival , but it did n't turn out that way . My son , now it 's time for us to say goodbye . It 's time for you and me to say goodbye and for me to let go of the hope that I could not let go so far . Please forgive me . Farewell . ... " Images of ferry captain abandoning ship are shocking Confusion and a warning to stay put On Monday , searchers continued to look for passengers and crew , and so far have retrieved 193 bodies . Another 109 people are still missing . The fate of those seen and heard on the video is not known . Coast guard officials told reporters on Monday that when they arrived at the site of the shipwreck , the ferry was listing so badly that they immediately sounded their alarm . "  When we got there , we used our speakers to tell everyone to get off the boat and get into the water , " Kim said . At some point inside the ferry , passengers -- including 300 students on a school field trip -- apparently heard a different message . In the audio recording provided by JTBC , a voice on a public address system warns that everyone should stay where they are : "  Do not move from your present location and please stay . ... " Ferry disaster 's toll on South Korea 's national psyche While some seem confused , there are people who appear to joke around , clearly not fully comprehending the gravity of what 's happening . At one point a voice is heard saying , "  This trip is screwed . " Others seem more distressed by the situation and ask about life jackets . "  Mom , dad , dad , dad ! What about my younger sibling ? " one cries . Some passengers talk to one another , trying to reassure and inform . Another voice says , "  I think it 's calming down . " Then : "  Is it calming down ? " "  It 's going more to the left . " "  I think it 's better than it was before . " "  I 'm wearing the life vest . " "  I 'm wearing one , too . I really have to . " "  I have to wear one , too . " Some appear to try to help others . One shouts , "  Hey ! " then says the name of someone who does n't have a life jacket . "  We need to get one ! " As the video continues , it seems that no one knows what 's really happening . "  What 's the captain doing ? " one person asks . Later , a voice is heard saying , "  They should let us know what 's going on . " South Korean president apologizes for response to ferry sinking	193 people are confirmed dead and 109 are missing , the coast guard says Coast guard on captain 's rescue : "  We could n't tell who was a passenger " One of the teenage victims took cell phone video as the Sewol ferry began to sink Loudspeaker announcements can be heard telling passengers to stay put
Washington  CNN  -- A BP official says a gusher of oil pouring from its damaged Gulf of Mexico well could be shut off as early as next week . BP Managing Director Bo Dudley said Thursday night the company will pump fluids into the well this weekend in the beginning of a process that -- if successful -- could lead to the leak finally being closed off in a matter of days . "  If that option does n't work , we 've got a second and a third option we 'll do after that , " Dudley said on CNN 's Larry King on Thursday . "  We 're hopeful that next week we 'll be able to shut it off . " Earlier in the day , BP acknowledged that the underwater gusher is bigger than estimated to date , as new video showed a cloud of crude billowing around its undersea siphon . Company spokesman Mark Proegler said Thursday that the siphon is now drawing about 5,000 barrels  210,000 gallons  per day up to a ship on the surface of the Gulf -- as much as government and company officials had estimated the spill was pouring into the Gulf every day for a month . Proegler declined to estimate how much more oil was escaping . BP America Chairman Lamar McKay said Wednesday that the figure used by the oil spill response team had a degree of "  uncertainty " built into it . But figures by independent researchers have run up to many times higher : Steve Wereley , a professor of mechanical engineering at Purdue University , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that the spill could be as big as 20,000 to 100,000 barrels a day . And members of Congress released video from the company that showed much more oil pouring out of the damaged well than the siphon was capturing . Rep. Ed Markey , who leads a House subcommittee investigating the disaster , told reporters , "  I think now we are beginning to understand that we can not trust BP . " "  People do not trust the experts any longer , " said Markey , D-Massachusetts . "  BP has lost all credibility . Now the decisions will have to be made by others , because it is clear that they have been hiding the actual consequences of this spill . " Meanwhile , the Coast Guard announced the creation of a federal Flow Rate Technical Group to assess the actual flow rate from the well . Coast Guard Capt. Ron LaBrec said that Adm. Thad Allen would oversee the team , which will include members from the Coast Guard , the Minerals Management Service , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the Department of Energy , the U.S. Geological Society and others from the science community and academia . The peer-reviewed team , which has already begun its work , is to determine the flow rate from the beginning of the incident to the present , LaBrec said . The Obama administration announced Thursday that it has ordered BP to release all data related to the massive spill , including environmental sampling analyses , internal investigation reports and details of the cleanup effort . In a letter to BP Group CEO Tony Hayward , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson told BP to post that information on a website and update it daily . "  The public and the United States government are entitled to nothing less than complete transparency in this matter , " they concluded . The spill began with an April 20 explosion and fire that sank the drill rig Deepwater Horizon two days later . Eleven workers were lost with the rig , which was owned by drilling contractor Transocean and hired by BP . The resulting slick now threatens the coastal marshes of southeastern Louisiana , where brown , syrupy oil made it past protective booms and into the wetlands near the mouth of the Mississippi River on Wednesday . Over the weekend , BP inserted a piece of pipe into the larger of the two leak points and began drawing oil from the undersea gusher , located about a mile underwater , up to a ship on the surface . It also has been laying booms out along barrier islands and spraying hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemical dispersants on the surface and near the sources of the leak . But that element of the response came under new fire as well on Thursday , as the EPA ordered BP to find a less toxic chemical to use to break up the oil . The EPA gave the company a day to pick a new substance and three days to start using it instead of the current dispersant , known as Corexit 9500 . The chemical has been rated more toxic and less effective than many others on the list of 18 EPA-approved dispersants , according to testimony at a congressional hearing Wednesday . "  Because of its use in unprecedented volumes and because much is unknown about the underwater use of dispersants , EPA wants to ensure BP is using the least toxic product authorized for use , " the agency said in a statement announcing the order . "  We reserve the right to discontinue the use of this dispersant method if any negative impacts on the environment outweigh the benefits . " Corexit 9500 includes petroleum distillates , propylene glycol and a proprietary organic sulfonic salt , and prolonged contact with it can cause eye or skin irritation , according to the manufacturer 's material data safety sheet . The document warns that "  repeated or prolonged exposure may irritate the respiratory tract . " But BP says Corexit is biodegradable , has been approved by the EPA and the Coast Guard and is "  readily available in the quantities required " by a response plan approved by the government before the spill . iReport : Track the spill ; Share stories "  It has been very effective in causing the oil to form into small , isolated droplets that remain suspended until they 're either eaten by naturally occurring microbes , evaporate , are picked up or dissolve , " the company said . But it added , "  At the same time , we are conducting ongoing assessment of alternative or supplemental dispersant products . " Meanwhile , BP is readying a new attempt to plug the leak for Sunday by injecting a large amount of heavy "  mud " -- a fluid used as a lubricant and counterweight in drilling operations -- into the well bore . If that succeeds , the well will be cemented shut , officials have said . "  Everything is being done to make sure that happens , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , whose department oversees offshore oil drilling , told CNN 's "  American Morning " Thursday . "  We have the best scientists in the world who are overseeing what is going on . So , we are hopeful that it will happen soon . " Salazar said BP , which leased the rig from Transocean , has tried many techniques to stop the leaking and the government will do all in its power to hold them accountable . "  They 're putting a lot of hope on that Sunday , " he said . "  We 'll see if it happens . " Salazar announced Wednesday that he was dividing the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service , which regulates oil exploration , into three divisions . The agency has come under fire since long before the spill , and Salzar said it would be reorganized to separate what he called the conflicting duties of regulating oil companies and collecting royalties from them . "  We inherited here what was a legacy of an agency that essentially was rubber-stamping whatever it was that the oil and gas industry wanted , " Salazar said . "  We have been on a reform agenda from Day One . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Marylynn Ryan and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : Well could be shut off next week , BP official says NEW : Coast Guard announces flow rate assessment group EPA orders BP to find less toxic chemical to use to break up oil Oil seeping into Louisiana wetlands
CNN  -- The recently renewed violence in the Mideast claimed more lives Sunday as Israeli strikes killed at least 16 people in Gaza and a Hamas attack on a border crossing wounded four Israeli civilians . The 16 Palestinian victims included a mother and her three children in their home , said a spokesman for the Ministry of Health , Ashraf al-Qidra . One of the targets was Mohamed Al-Oul , who supervised Hamas ' financial transactions , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The IDF said a "  hit was confirmed . " The four Israelis were hit at the border crossing near the town of Erez . THe IDF tweeted that several rockets and mortars struck the checkpoint . One civilian was moderately wounded and three were injured , the IDF said , without elaborating on their conditions . The civilians had come to the crossing to aid people needing humanitarian assistance , Israel 's Ministry of Defense said in a written statement . The crossing remains closed . Hamas said it fired 23 mortar shells at the site . At least 117 rockets were fired at Israel on Sunday , the IDF said via its Twitter account . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated before his weekly Cabinet meeting that airstrikes will continue and that Israel targets militants . "  The Hamas is paying and will pay a heavy price for the crimes it is carrying out . I call on the citizens of Gaza to leave every place that the Hamas is carrying out terror activity . Every place like this is a target for us . ... This is true on all fronts and for all countries , " he said . He compared Hamas to ISIS , the militant group that now calls itself the Islamic State . "  Hamas is ISIS and ISIS is Hamas . They simply work in the same way . They are branches of the same poisonous tree , " Netanyahu said . Israel , the European Union and the United States consider Hamas a terrorist organization . Al-Qidra told CNN that 92 people in Gaza have been killed since a ceasefire ended five days ago and more than 2,100 have died in this weekslong conflict . There were other effects of the violence , which began in early July . The United Nations , which runs many schools in Gaza , said 500,000 children were unable to begin classes on Sunday . A spokesman for the Palestinian ministry of education said more than 100 government-run schools are closed while others are being used as shelters . Fire from Syria Also Sunday , the Israeli military said rockets from Syria hit various locations through the Golan Heights . It was unclear who was responsible for the rockets from Syria or whether they had anything to do with Israel 's ongoing fight with Hamas that has raged for weeks . The Golan Heights is under Israeli government control but is considered to be occupied territory by the international community . The announcement came hours after a rocket from Lebanon struck an open area in northern Israel in a separate attack . No injuries were immediately reported in either of those attacks . Last month , a rocket was fired into northern Israel from southern Lebanon , and the Israeli military responded with an artillery strike . At the time , Israel said it held the Lebanese government responsible for the attack . Israel has waged an offensive in Gaza against the militant Palestinian group Hamas and the stream of rockets fired into Israel from Gaza . Hopes for a ceasefire appear dim despite calls from world leaders for the two sides to stop the violence . During the offensive , Israel destroyed more than 30 concrete-lined tunnels that led from Gaza into Israel . Sources , including one who witnessed an explosion , told CNN that the Egyptian army Sunday blew up five tunnels on the border with Gaza . Hamas request Hamas is urging Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to go before the International Criminal Court to prosecute Israeli leaders for war crimes . The Palestinians are not currently under the jurisdiction of the ICC , but would be if they sign the court 's Rome Statute , the treaty that established the court . Back in May , a group of 17 human rights organizations , including Human Rights Watch , signed a letter to Abbas encouraging him to join the ICC . The United States and Israel and some other nations have pressured Abbas not to take this step , arguing that it would harm peace talks . Hamas ' announcement comes a day after one of the group 's leaders admitted that its militants were responsible for the abduction of three Israeli teens in the West Bank in June . Hamas Political Bureau member Saleh Aruri added that the kidnappers did not tell their leaders about the action . The kidnappings were not approved by Hamas leadership or its military wing , he said , stressing that this acknowledgment does not equate to a claim of responsibility . The three teens were later found dead , sparking the violence that has raged since then . CNN 's Ian Lee in Gaza and Michael Schwartz in Jerusalem , and Katia Hetter in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Sixteen Palestinians killed Sunday , Ministry of Health says NEW : Some 117 rockets were fired at Israel on Sunday , Israel says Israel targets Hamas financial leader , military says Egypt destroys five tunnels under border with Gaza
CNN  -- Scotland 's first minister Alex Salmond has warned American billionaire Donald Trump against interfering in government matters ahead of his controversial golf course opening The Trump International Golf Links , which the tycoon hopes will become the world 's best course , is due to open in Aberdeenshire on July 10 , but plans for an adjoining hotel have been shelved due to a row over the development of a nearby offshore wind farm . Trump claims he was misled by Salmond over the American 's $ 1 billion project and has threatened to sue the Scottish government if the wind farm development is not abandoned . But Salmond , who has welcomed the golf course 's construction , told Trump not to interfere in Scotland 's energy policy . Who will golf 's run of new major winners "  Donald Trump is building a fantastic golf course in Scotland that I very much support and I 've been a great supporter of it , " Salmond told CNN at the TED Global conference in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh . "  Unfortunately , recently , he has tried to tell the Scottish Government how to run our energy policy . "  So , I suppose the message I have to say is , yes to great golf courses , we have the greatest golf courses in the world in Scotland and one more wo n't do any harm , but let the democratically elected government of Scotland decide its own energy policy . " In April , Trump appeared in the Scottish parliament to express his opposition to the North Sea wind farm . Salmond has questioned the strategy of Trump , who will open his new course with a ceremony including local golf stars such as Colin Montgomerie and Paul Lawrie , to potentially pursue legal action against the Scottish government . "  We are a free society in Scotland , people are free to do as they choose , " he said . "  The track record of taking legal action against a democratically elected government , pursuing the policy on which it was elected , in the Scottish courts would not be a propitious one . But nonetheless people are free to do what they wish . " Designed by leading golf architec Martin Hawtree , the Menie course has been built on a site of special scientific interest after the Scottish government overruled Aberdeenshire council 's decision to reject the American 's project , arguing the economic benefits outweighed environmental concerns . The course has been talked up as future British Open venue , while a bid for the 2022 Ryder Cup is also a possibility .	Donald Trumps controversial golf course will open in Scotland next month Plans for an adjoining hotel have been shelved in a row over an offshore wind farm Trump has threatened to sue the Scottish government if the wind farm is not scrapped Scottish first minister Alex Salmond tells Trump to stay out of government matters
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Five Israeli right-wing extremists have been indicted by an Israeli court which accused them of attempting to prevent the demolition of illegal settlements in the West Bank , organizing a break-in at a military base and planning riots . The extremists are also suspected of masterminding an attack on an Israel Defense Forces base in the West Bank on December 13 . In that incident , about 50 extremists infiltrated and attacked the Ephraim Regional Division Headquarters . The activists entered the base , damaged property , set tires on fire , threw stones and damaged vehicles , according to an IDF statement at the time . A commander 's car was attacked , and he sustained minor injuries . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the incident "  crossed all lines . " And Matan Vilnai , deputy defense minister , called the perpetrators "  Jewish terrorists " in an interview on army radio . Israeli media reported in December that the attack came in response to rumors that Israeli security forces were about to demolish two illegal outposts in the West Bank . The indictment alleges the extremists operated from an apartment in Jerusalem , where they gathered intelligence information through surveillance , lookouts and patrols of Israeli troops . The intelligence was aimed at preventing "  the evacuation of outposts by illegal means " and to prevent IDF operations , said the indictment , which was presented in court Sunday . "  The indictment exposes the true and ugly face of the prosecution that proves once again the blatant discrimination against the settlers , " said Adi Keidar , an attorney representing three of the five . The suspects are also being questioned about "  price tag " attacks against Palestinians in the West Bank and Jerusalem , according to Israeli police . "  Price tag " is a term used to describe attacks by Israeli extremists against Palestinians and Israeli security forces in retaliation for any action taken against settlers .	The extremists are accused of collecting military information Authorities also allege they organized a break-in at a military base They are suspected in a December 13 attack on an Israel Defense Forces base
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza moved a step closer Friday to extradition to the U.S. , where he faces terrorism-related charges . Abu Hamza al-Masri 's followers include the "  shoe bomber " and the only person charged in the 9/11 attacks . UK authorities had ordered his extradition , but he appealed . Britain 's High Court dismissed the appeal Friday , a spokesman for Britain 's Home Office said . That gives the Egyptian-born cleric , who lives in London , 14 days to apply to the High Court for permission to appeal to the House of Lords . The one-eyed , hook-handed cleric faces 11 terrorism-related charges in the U.S. . They include conspiracy in connection with a 1998 kidnapping in Yemen and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad , or holy war , training camp in rural Bly , Oregon in 1999 . Abu Hamza , one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain , is already in prison for inciting racial hatred at his North London mosque . He was convicted in Britain on 11 terror-related charges and sentenced to seven years prison in 2006 . If he is extradited , his British sentence could be interrupted so he could stand trial in the U.S. , the Home Office has said . If he receives a prison sentence in the U.S. , he would return to England to complete his sentence there before serving time back in the States , the Home Office said . Abu Hamza formerly preached at the Finsbury Park Mosque in London . His followers included the so-called "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid , who was convicted of trying to light a bomb in his shoes on a trans-Atlantic flight . They also included Zacarias Moussaoui , who was charged in the U.S. over the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . The cleric was also convicted of possessing eight video and audio recordings , which prosecutors said he intended to distribute to stir up racial hatred . In all , police seized some 2,700 audio tapes and about 570 video tapes from two addresses -- one of them his home - during raids in 2003 . The material included a 10-volume "  encyclopedia " of Afghan jihad , which prosecutor David Perry described as "  a manual for terrorism . " The texts discussed how to make explosives , explained assassination methods and detailed the best means of attack . Both non-Muslims and Muslims condemned his preaching , which include praising the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks on the U.S. , calling al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden a hero , and describing the 2003 Columbia shuttle disaster as punishment from Allah because the astronauts were Christian , Hindu and Jewish .	Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza moves step closer to extradition Hamza loses High Court appeal against extradition from UK to U.S. Hamza 's followers included the so-called "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid
CNN  -- Comedy Central 's successor to "  The Colbert Report " will be "  The Minority Report with Larry Wilmore . " With "  The Minority Report , " which starts next January , the cable channel is trying out a new format in the crowded late-night talk show field , just as it did with "  Colbert " nearly a decade ago . Stephen Colbert and CBS announced last month that he would leave his "  Report " at the end of 2014 and replace David Letterman on "  The Late Show " sometime next year . Wilmore , meanwhile , will replace Colbert weeknights at 11:30 p.m. on Comedy Central , following "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " at 11 p.m. Wilmore appeared several times on "  The Daily Show " as its "  senior black correspondent . " His "  Report " will diversify the television lineup , since most late-night comics are white men . " ` The Minority Report with Larry Wilmore ' follows in the Comedy Central tradition -- bringing new perspectives to the day 's events and breaking ground in the world of late night television , " said Michele Ganeless , the president of Comedy Central , in a news release . The satirical "  Colbert Report , " which premiered in 2005 , took its cues from conservative talking head programs such as "  The O'Reilly Factor " which were newly prominent at the time . Similarly , "  The Minority Report " will borrow from the "  panel shows " that have proliferated on cable news .  Fox News has a brand-new one at noon Eastern time , "  Outnumbered , " with four women and one man , and a popular one at 5 p.m. , "  The Five . " "  The series will feature a diverse panel of voices currently underrepresented in comedy and television , " Comedy Central said . Stewart 's Busboy Productions developed both the "  Colbert Report " and the "  Minority Report . " Wilmore called himself "  beyond excited to have this chance to continue my relationships with Comedy Central and the brilliant Jon Stewart . " His follower count on Twitter more than doubled after the new show was announced .	Larry Wilmore will take over Stephen Colbert 's time slot on Comedy Central Wilmore is known as the "  Senior Black Correspondent " on "  The Daily Show " Wilmore will bring cable news panel style satire to "  The Minority Report "
CNN  -- I saw Brad Pitt in "  Se7en " and saw Fellini 's "  8Â 1/2 . " I saw Daniel Day-Lewis do "  Nine " and why Bo Derek was a "  10 . " I saw the 1919 White Sox sell out baseball in "  Eight Men Out " and the 1961 Yankees belt out baseballs in "  61 * . The one movie I wrote in my mind a hundred times and on paper nine or 10 times , though , was "  42 . " Of course , it was n't called that 20-odd years ago when I was under contract to be the Jackie Robinson biopic 's screenwriter . And I have zero to do with the "  42 " -- named for Robinson 's uniform number -- that will slide into a theater somewhere near you on Friday . It nonetheless will leave me a little choked up . Dorothy Parker once described Hollywood as the one place where you can "  die from encouragement . " Well , once upon a time , I was encouraged to bring Robinson 's life story to the screen , only to be discouraged by the way reel life turns out . The buzz on "  42 " is strong . Jackie 's widow , Rachel Robinson , 90 , was guest of honor at a recent White House showing where Michelle Robinson Obama said , "  We think everybody in this country needs to watch this movie . " A long overdue film , "  42 " features an up-and-comer , Chadwick Boseman , as the infielder who changed the face of baseball , and Harrison Ford , of all people , as the insider who held open the door to the big leagues . Indiana Jones found a few fake treasures in his day , but Branch Rickey 's unveiling of Jackie Robinson was a true discovery for the ages . I spent many hours with Rachel Robinson cramming to learn details of the life they shared . I went to her family 's foundation in New York to pore over documents and correspondence . I tapped away on the West Coast on a clunky early '90s computer , not knowing that this cinematic masterpiece I was eager to deliver was doomed . Who was I to do Jackie 's story  and hers  justice ? Oh , no one . I so wanted to hit it out of the park for her . When I failed , well , do n't we all ? It began in the late '80s . It had occurred to me that a mighty figure of American sport and African-American culture had been insufficiently immortalized on film . The man I mean is , naturally -- well , not Jackie Robinson , but an equally monumental gent . Joe Louis . Apart from being a heavyweight champ , Louis was a model citizen , a military vet and a true difference-maker when too many men and women were still struggling to become color-blind . A script called "  Brown Bomber " was born . It was co-written by myself and a Detroit journalist friend , Jon Pepper , as a specific look at a 1930s span when Louis lost to the popular Max Schmeling to whites ' delight , only to transform into a red-white-and-blue hero in their eyes , triumphing in the rematch against a German example of so-called white supremacy . We fought to get it made . Producers and options came and went . Notes given . Rewrites written . During which time we discover what quite a few of Hollywood 's movers and shakers want more and more of , beyond all else . They want more Max . To them , it is n't the story of a man . It is the story of two men . A black man and , hey , guess what , a white man . Think of who we could cast ! "  Would n't it be great , " a producer babbled at one point , "  if we could get Arnold Schwarzenegger for this ? " "  For what ? " I ask . "  For Max . " "  I have a couple of questions , " I reply . "  Why would a movie star play a guy who ends the movie by getting his ass kicked ? And how do we explain why Max is built like Mr. Universe ? " With logic that makes me laugh to this day , he says : "  Hey , if you can get Schwarzenegger , you get Schwarzenegger . The other stuff will work itself out . " A good thing does happen , though . Someone familiar with our script slips a copy to Rachel Robinson , in the hope she will give her blessings to Pepper and me taking a crack at Mr. and Mrs. Robinson 's remarkable tale . We are told who the producer will be -- he has a few noteworthy credits -- and a deal is cut . Lorimar is backing the movie , ostensibly to air on HBO . A meeting is held in a packed HBO conference room . Rachel expresses reservations -- it does not escape her eye that there is no non-Caucasian in the room -- but life is short and she is willing to give it a shot . "  The Jackie Robinson Story " is under way . At first , we keep the title of the 1950 film , in which the title role was played by the man himself . In 1990 , TNT airs one called "  The Court-Martial of Jackie Robinson , " based on an experience in the U.S. Army . I remember Rachel being pleased by Andre Braugher 's portrayal of Jack . Note : I have never heard Rachel call her husband by any name but "  Jack . " It is 1991 . I have a full-time job -- L.A. sportswriter -- which I have made clear must come first . I spend all morning and afternoon in New York at the Jackie Robinson Foundation , conferring with Rachel and doing research . I catch a 5 p.m. flight to Pittsburgh for a baseball playoff game , cover it , catch a dawn plane to New York , repeat the previous day . I nearly collapse at 5 as I run to grab a cab . I hear my producer tell my partner : "  He 's not putting in enough time on this ! " Nothing is ever enough . The writers are never right . No draft is acceptable . The producer wants it one way . Rachel wants it a different way . He wants the baseball years . She wants the life beyond baseball . We write it both ways . Both hate it both ways . We are fired . My co-writer tells me . No one else -- not the producer , not Rachel , not anyone from the studio , not our agent -- ever speaks to me again . Worse , the film is killed . Cut to 1994 . I read in Bill Rhoden 's column in The New York Times that director Spike Lee is teaming up with Rachel Robinson to do a Jackie movie . Hey , who better ? I had long thought Lee to be the right man to do the right thing by 42 . Rhoden writes that documentarian Ken Burns was to do a film , but neglected to consult Rachel first . She is quoted : "  I really felt , and I still feel , that a black man can understand another black man and all the nuances of his life better than anyone else can . " I do not disagree . Cut to 1997 . I read a story on how Spike Lee 's option has expired . A quote from Rachel : "  He could n't put all the pieces together -- the studios , the funds , the star , the script . It 's not the first time the project has been aborted . I 've been trying to get a movie done for the past 15 years and have n't succeeded . But I wo n't give up . " Cut to 2013 . That 's right , that 's how long it took . Rachel , you made it . I know writer-director Brian Helgeland made it and Chadwick Boseman made it and Harrison Ford made it , but you made it . You persevered . You endured . You have your whole life . So did Jack . I give it thumbs-up and , hey , I have n't even seen it .	"  42 " is a new movie about Jackie Robinson , who broke the color barrier in baseball 20 years ago , Mike Downey was hired to write the script for a Jackie Robinson biopic After constant squabbling , rewrites and interference , he and co-writer were fired Downey : After many starts and stops over years , the film is out , thanks to Robinson 's widow
CNN  -- A South Carolina high school student was arrested Monday morning after school employees found a revolver , knives , axes and dozens of rounds of ammunition in his car , police said . Investigators have no reason to think that the 17-year-old junior at Easley High School planned to attack anyone , Easley police Maj. Tim Tollison said . But the student was charged with possession of a firearm on school property . "  He told school officials he uses the stuff for hunting , and he just forgot to take it out of the car , " Tollison said . The teen was released on $ 30,000 bail Tuesday morning , Tollison said . The junior was arrested after a concerned student told school workers that someone had weapons in a vehicle outside the school of roughly 1,600 students , police said . In the vehicle were a loaded .22 - caliber revolver , nine knives , two axes , a stun gun , handcuffs , and more than 200 rounds of ammunition , according to police , who said they believe the weapons belonged to the student 's family . No guns matching the ammunition -- shotgun shells and rifle and handgun rounds -- were in the vehicle , Tollison said . The Pickens County school district released a statement saying it appears "  that the gun and ammunition  were  left in the car after being used for hunting ... and were not taken to the school with the intent to harm anyone . " "  However , bringing weapons on school grounds violates state law , and the school district has a zero-tolerance policy towards weapons on school grounds , " the district said . "  The timing of this incident is extremely unfortunate , but there is no indication that there was ever an intended threat to the school . " District spokesman John Eby said it 's not clear what the handcuffs and stun gun were for , but he said officials do n't believe they were for an attack on the school . The incident came three days after a school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , claimed the lives of 20 children and six adults . In addition , the gunman killed his mother and himself . In accordance with district policy , the arrested student will be recommended for expulsion for at least a year , the district said . CNN 's John Fricke and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Easley High School junior , 17 , charged with possession of firearm on school property School staff found revolver , knives , axes in vehicle outside school , police say Police : Student says weapons were for hunting , and he forgot to take them out School district says there was no indication of a threat to the school
CNN  -- For more than two years , details about the investigation into who killed David Hartley have been as murky as the waters where his body disappeared . His grieving widow told police that attackers shot him in the head on a lake that straddles the U.S.-Mexico border . She said she was forced to flee and leave his body behind . Some blamed her for his death . Then the severed head of the case 's lead investigator was delivered in a suitcase to a Mexican military post . The trail seemed to go cold until Monday , when Mexican authorities said they had arrested a leader of the ruthless Zetas drug cartel and linked him to the Falcon Lake killing . Salvador Alfonso Martinez Escobedo also is a suspect connected to the slaying of the Mexican state police investigator who was heading the investigation into Hartley 's killing until he turned up dead himself nine days later , the Mexican navy said in a written statement . Hartley 's widow , Tiffany Hartley , told reporters in Colorado that the news was "  a complete , out-of-the-blue shock . " She said she had heard no news about her husband 's killing for 10 months , and she and her family were trying to learn more "  from anyone . " "  We 've got calls out to all these different agencies , and we have n't heard back from any of them , " she said . Profile of Tiffany Hartley Authorities accuse Martinez , known as "  The Squirrel , " of being a regional leader of the Zetas in three northern Mexican states and heading up a brutal battle with the rival Gulf cartel . They had offered a reward of more than $ 1 million for information leading to his capture . He was picked up in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo on Saturday night and presented to the media on Monday . But one Texas sheriff says the 31-year-old alleged cartel leader was n't on a list of five suspect names in the Hartley case that he 's handed over to the FBI . "  Based on the information I have , he may have been the one responsible for that area , but not the one responsible for the actual killing , " said Sigifredo Gonzalez , sheriff of Zapata County , Texas . The navy did n't explain why or how authorities believe Martinez is connected to the case . But his arrest appears to be the first that officials have publicly tied to Hartley 's killing . "  If this is , in fact , true that he was involved , " Gonzalez said , "  it 's a welcome sign that the Mexican government is trying to solve the killing of yet another American citizen on Mexican soil . " Widow : Cartels ` are killing anyone who gets in their way ' After the shooting she reported on September 30 , 2010 , Tiffany Hartley told a dramatic story of the attack to investigators . For months , she told the story to lawmakers and members of the media , hoping , she said , to speak out for others caught in the drug-related violence that has killed more than 47,500 across Mexico since December 2006 . "  The men who murdered David are right across the river . They are n't in Afghanistan , they are n't in Iraq . They 're in our own backyard , " she said at a congressional field hearing in Brownsville , Texas , last year . "  The cartel members are taking over Mexico , and they are killing anyone who gets in their way . " Tiffany Hartley has said that she and her 30-year-old husband were ambushed by assailants while riding Sea-Doo personal watercraft on the lake . 2010 : Wife talks drug pirate claim It was supposed to be leisurely adventure , she said . They were visiting the ruins of a half-submerged church . They 'd been snapping photos when three boats carrying armed men approached , she said . Bullets whizzed by as the couple took off on their Sea-Doos . One of them hit David Hartley in the head . She said she was unable to haul his body onto her watercraft before being forced to flee . Some raised doubts about her account . In a 2010 interview with CNN , she said she was hurt by the suspicion , but no , there was no drug deal gone bad . She said she was no merry widow , as one border town official suggested . Her heart is broken , she said . "  You know , the only people who know what happened that day are the people on the boat , God and myself . The only people who I cared about believing me are my family and his family , " she said . "  Everyone else can doubt me as much as they want . " Seven months later , a member of Mexico 's navy and 12 suspected members of the Zetas were killed in a shootout on a Falcon Lake island . Drug traffickers were using the island for storing marijuana to be transported by boat to the United States , the navy said in a statement at the time . After the shootout , the navy said it seized guns , ammunition and bullet-proof vests . Hartley 's remains have never been recovered , and Tiffany Hartley said Monday that she hopes his body is found as a result of the arrest . She said her confidence in authorities has been hard to come by two years later , but , "  At the same time , we 're hopeful . " Suspect 's alleged ties to high-profile crimes Another Zetas leader captured Some Mexican reports Monday about Martinez 's capture mentioned his alleged ties to Hartley 's killing . But his arrest drew national attention for his alleged connection to some of the region 's most high-profile crimes , including the 2010 massacre of 72 migrants in Tamaulipas , in addition to other slayings , mass graves and large-scale prison breaks in northern Mexico . Martinez is accused of leading the Zetas in the Mexican states of Tamaulipas , Nuevo Leon and Coahuila , authorities said . Mexican officials also said Monday that he is suspected in "  the execution of more than 50 people by his own hands in different parts of the country . " Shortly after Hartley 's death was reported , authorities surmised that the couple had stumbled into the middle of a drug transaction . Gonzalez , the Zapata County sheriff , has said there were reports of fishermen on the lake being warned away from the Mexican side as long as a year before Hartley 's shooting . Word has eked out about possible suspects in the case . But information on the investigation has seemed scarce . Last year , Tiffany Hartley sued the State Department , the Justice Department and the FBI in an attempt to get answers and find out why no one had been brought to justice in her husband 's killing . All three lawsuits were dismissed this year after settlements were reached , according to court documents . But the case has remained unsolved . "  It did n't happen in the United States , " Gonzalez told CNN last year , adding that Mexican authorities have "  somewhat of a zero solvency rate , and a zero conviction rate . " "  So unfortunately , " Gonzalez said at the time , "  this case may remain open forever , even though the information and the evidence may be there . " Widow sues for information on Falcon Lake killing CNN 's Nick Valencia , David Fitzpatrick , Ann O'Neill , Drew Griffin and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Hartley 's widow calls Monday 's arrest an "  out-of-the-blue shock " Salvador Martinez Escobedo is suspected in the Falcon Lake killing of David Hartley Authorities have not said why or how they believe he was involved in the slaying A Texas sheriff says the suspected Zetas leader was not on his list of suspects
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Transgender students in California would be able to choose which school bathrooms and locker rooms to use and which sport teams to join based on their gender identity under a measure approved this week by the California Legislature . The proposal now awaits the signature of Gov. Jerry Brown , whose office has declined to comment on whether he will sign it . The proposal would be the first state law in the nation that specifically requires equal access to public school facilities and activities based on gender identity , though some states have general policies to the same effect , said Shannon Price Minter , legal director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights , one of several groups backing the legislation . Colorado : Transgender first-grader wins the right to use girls ' restroom But enactment of the measure would "  simply mean that California will be catching up with other states that already have enacted regulations based on a general prohibition of gender identity discrimination in schools , " Minter told CNN . "  Our view is that California 's existing law should already require schools to provide transgender students with equal access to facilities and activities , but in practice , many schools are not complying with that requirement and will not do so unless the Legislature provides specific guidance on this issue , " Minter said . Though California prohibits discrimination in education , transgender students "  are often still unfairly excluded from physical education , athletic teams , and other school activities and facilities because of who they are , " according to a statement by the center and other groups supporting the measure . The California Senate approved the proposal on Wednesday , 21-9 . It had been earlier approved by the Assembly in early May . State Senate Republicans largely opposed the measure during debate , as broadcast by CNN affiliate KCRA . "  There are youthful sex offenders , " said state Sen. Jim Nielsen . "  I guarantee there would be those who would use this opportunity . " "  It 's going to be problem with implementation , " said Sen. Jean Fuller . The proposed law would require that a pupil "  be permitted to participate in sex-segregated school programs and activities , including athletic teams and competitions , and use facilities consistent with his or her gender identity , irrespective of the gender listed on the pupil 's records , " the legislation says . Opinion : Gender identity not just body parts Ashton Lee , a 16-year-old transgender boy from of Manteca , California , testified before the Senate Education Committee last month . Lee wants to play high school football . "  I just want to be treated the same as all the other boys , but my school forces me to take P.E. in a class of all girls and live as someone I 'm not , " Lee said in a statement . "  I ca n't learn and succeed when every day in that class leaves me feeling isolated and alone . " The Los Angeles Unified School District , the nation 's second largest , implemented a policy in 2005 that 's "  nearly identical " to the legislative proposal now awaiting the governor 's signature , advocacy groups said . "  We 've worked closely with students and families to ensure that our policies related to gender identity are successful , welcomed by students , and supported by parents , " Judy Chiasson , the district 's program coordinator for human relations , diversity and equity , said in a statement .	Transgender students would choose which bathroom to use and team to join The proposal awaits the signature of Gov. Jerry Brown The law would be the nation 's first , though some states have policies to same effect A 16-year-old transgender boy wants to attend P.E. for boys and play football
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The surprise announcement that the third son of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il had been made a general has dashed hopes in South Korea that the junior Kim might prove more economically focused than his father , should he succeed him . The announcement by North Korean state media in advance of Tuesday 's Korean Workers Party Conference -- the biggest ruling party meeting there in three decades -- that Kim Jong Un was being promoted to four-star general was the first-ever formal mention of his name in official state communications . While many pundits had anticipated Kim Jong Un being raised to prominence as the country 's future leader in the high-profile party conference , most had also expected him to be less military-centric . "  I had been hearing a lot of talk that he would be more focused on economic matters than his father , " said Brian Myers , author of "  The Cleanest Race " and an expert on North Korean propaganda . He cited statements by recent defectors who had heard that the upcoming leader had been constructing apartments and accelerating productivity . "  The fact that he is being formally introduced as a general indicates that he will be another ` military first ' ruler like his father . " Kim Jong Un rising in leadership circles In what was then the first-ever handover of dynastic power in a communist state , Kim Jong Il took power in 1994 following the death of his father and "  eternal president " Kim Il Sung . Kim Jong Il adopted "  songeun , " or "  military first " as his key slogan , superceding his father 's "  juch , " or "  self-reliance . " What is life like inside North Korea ? North Korea 's military has 1.2 million service members and an arsenal that includes nuclear weapons and long-range missiles . It 's considered particularly worrisome , not simply due to the regime 's unpredictability and history of aggression -- it launched the devastating Korean War in 1950 , and has unleashed a number of military and terrorist provocations in the decades since -- but also because any significant armed clash affecting the heavyweight economies of China , Japan and South Korea would hammer global financial markets . CNN 's special coverage of North Korea Following a suspected stroke in the summer of 2008 , Kim Jong Il has appeared to be in frail health , fuelling heated speculation in South Korea and elsewhere about when he will name his successor , and who it will be . Since early 2009 , a range of signs has pointed at Kim Jong Un as that man . With the youthful Kim being either 27 or 28 years old , experts expect him to require a mentor to guide him along the path to power in a society in which age is greatly respected . Kim Jong Il 's brother-in-law , Jang Song-thaek , widely seen as his right-hand man since 2009 , is expected to act as regent to the young Kim as he takes on increasing responsibilities . Opinion : Political change in the wind ? Jang 's wife , Kim Kyong Hui , was promoted to general in the same announcement that mentioned Kim Jong Un , a move seen as solidifying the power of herself , Jang , and thereby , the young Kim in what many now consider to be less a Stalinist state and more a royal dynasty . "  Kim Kyong Hui will be his ` caretaker ' to nominate him if Kim Jong Il dies , " said Ha Taekeung , president of Open Radio for North Korea , a Seoul-based non-governmental organization . He noted that for Kim Jong Un to formally assume power , he would need to be nominated chairman of the National Defense Committee and general secretary of the Workers Party of Korea . "  The principle of the bloodline means that only a direct descendant of Kim Il Sung can be part of the succession , and Jang is not a descendant of Kim Il Sung . " Also on Tuesday , the Korean Central News Agency stated that the party conference , " ... solemnly declared internally and externally that Kim Jong Il was reelected as general secretary of the Workers Party of Korea with the unanimous will and wishes of all the party members . " Although Kim has always held that title , he is usually referred to as chairman of the National Defense Committee . The re-designation at the start of the party conference could simply be a tactic to remind the public that Kim is party head as well as military head , said Myers . Vice guide to North Korea While state media has been unusually active in announcing protocol details about the highest-placed members of North Korea 's elite , no news footage has yet emerged of the conference , fuelling speculation in South Korea that its key figure , Kim Jong Il , may be suffering particularly frail health at present .	The announcement came right before the biggest ruling party meeting in decades Kim Jong Un 's promotion was the first time he was named in official communications Some analysts had hoped he would be more economically oriented
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine have decided to go ahead with a Sunday referendum on greater local powers , they said Thursday , defying a call by Russian President Vladimir Putin to postpone the vote . Putin had urged the pro-Russia sympathizers to delay the referendum to give dialogue "  the conditions it needs to have a chance . " Representatives from the council of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic and separatists from Luhansk told reporters they have voted to press ahead to ask eastern Ukrainians there if they want sovereignty from Kiev . "  After the vote that was held today , the unanimous decision was to go ahead with the referendum May 11 , " Denis Pushilin , the self-declared chairman of the Donetsk People 's Republic said , according to Russian state news agency RIA Novosti . Pushilin said Putin 's comments Wednesday were "  surprising " but he respected him . There was no immediate reaction from Moscow or Kiev . Sunday 's referendum could echo events in March when voters in Crimea approved a controversial ballot to secede from Ukraine and join Russia , which subsequently annexed the Black Sea peninsula . The move escalated the turmoil rocking the country . "  On the local ` referenda , ' we strongly emphasize that they should not take place -- neither on 11 May nor at any later date , " said Maja Kocijancic , spokeswoman for the European Union 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton . "  Such unauthorized local ` referenda ' have no democratic legitimacy and can only lead to further escalation . " Separatists have been defiant in the past . An international pact reached among Russia , Ukraine and its Western allies in Geneva , Switzerland , last month that called for the rebels to disarm and vacate buildings seized in the volatile region has not yet materialized . In what seemed to signal a softening in Moscow 's attitude toward Kiev , Putin also said Wednesday that Ukrainian presidential elections scheduled for this month were "  a step in the right direction . " However , he also voiced caution . "  But it will not solve anything unless all of Ukraine 's people first understand how their rights will be guaranteed once the election has taken place , " Putin said , according to a Kremlin transcript following his meeting with the chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Putin also said that direct talks between Kiev authorities and representatives of the pro-Russian sympathizers in southeast Ukraine were key to settling the crisis . Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk dismissed Putin 's comments on the referendum as "  hot air . " Amid the diplomatic tit-for-tat , Russia 's Foreign Ministry said Thursday it had added names to its list of U.S. and Canadian officials barred from entering Russia , in response to sanctions impose by the United States and Canada on Russian officials . NATO : No sign of Russian troop withdrawal In a statement on his official website on Thursday , interim President Oleksandr Turchynov said his government was ready for dialogue with those who want to talk -- but not with "  armed criminals with blood on their hands . " "  Ukrainian authorities have never conducted punitive operations in the east , " he said , responding to Russian accusations over Kiev 's military campaign to defeat the rebels who have overrun the east . "  The law enforcement agencies protect the lives and health of the citizens in the framework of the anti-terrorist operation performed against terrorists , saboteurs , and other criminals who murder , torture , and kidnap our citizens . " Police in Luhansk confirmed Thursday that Valeriy Salo , a man named by the Kyiv Post as the kidnapped head of a pro-Ukrainian group in the Donetsk region , was found dead in a burned-out car near the Luhansk village of Petrovskiy . Salo 's family told police that on Wednesday evening an unknown armed group arrived at their home and took Salo away . The Kyiv Post said he was captured by representatives of the Donetsk People 's Republic . Rights group Amnesty International last month raised concern over the reported abduction of journalists and local officials by the Donetsk People 's Republic and other groups , and urged their immediate release . Poll : Lack of confidence A majority of Ukrainians agree their country should remain a unified state , according to a poll released Thursday . The Pew Research Center poll , conducted in the first half of April , found that 77 % of Ukrainians want the country to remain united ; 70 % in the east feel the same . Things differ in Crimea , where 54 % of those surveyed voice support for the right to secede . The survey also highlighted a lack of confidence in the new government that came to power after pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted following months of protests . Just 41 % say the interim authorities are having a good influence on the way things are going . "  Russia is viewed with the greatest suspicion . Three times as many Ukrainians say Russia is having a bad influence on their country as say it is having a good impact  67 % vs. 22 %  , " it said . Meanwhile , NATO has n't seen "  any signs " that Russia is withdrawing troops from Ukraine 's border , said Anders Fogh Rasmussen , the military alliance 's secretary-general . "  So far we have n't seen any indications that they are pulling back their troops . Let me assure you that if we get visible evidence that they are actually pulling back their troops , I would be the very first to welcome it , " Rasmussen told a news conference in the Polish capital . White House deputy press secretary Josh Earnest also told reporters Wednesday that "  there is not evidence to date that there has been a meaningful and transparent withdrawal of Russian forces from the Ukrainian border . " The comments came after Putin announced a troop pullback Wednesday , saying Russian forces are "  now not on the Ukrainian border but are carrying out their regular exercises at the test grounds . " Kiev , its neighbors and Western governments have voiced alarm over what NATO estimates are around 40,000 Russian troops massed along the Ukrainian border . Moscow has repeatedly said they are only carrying out exercises . The state-run ITAR-Tass news agency cited Russian Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov as saying Thursday that Ukraine has deployed a 15,000-strong military force near Russia 's borders . He reiterated Putin 's comments that Russia had pulled back from the border and said Moscow 's defense minister had informed U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel about this in a phone conversation . Military offensive Violence has escalated on the ground as tensions rise . The State Department is now warning U.S. citizens to defer all non-essential travel to Ukraine . It also said Thursday that U.S. citizens should defer all travel to Crimea and eastern regions Kiev last week launched its biggest military campaign yet to drive out pro-Russian militants who have reportedly taken over some public buildings in towns across southeast Ukraine . Five pro-Russian activists were killed overnight Wednesday when Ukrainian forces attacked barricades on the outskirts of Mariupol , a spokeswoman for the pro-Russian camp said . Elsewhere in the volatile Donetsk region , an uneasy standoff continued between the Ukrainian military and separatists . Both sides clashed Monday at the rebel stronghold of Slovyansk . Ukraine 's security services said 30 "  heavily armed " militants had been killed in recent days as part of the "  anti-terrorist " operation in the area . Kiev and many experts in the West believe the separatists are backed by Moscow and fear that Putin is fomenting trouble to increase his influence in the region . The Ukrainian authorities have accused Russian special forces of leading the rebellion in the field -- a claim Moscow denies . In an interview with Al Jazeera , Ukrainian Foreign Minister Andrii Deshchytsia accused Russian troops -- which he says comprise special forces and intelligence -- of infiltrating and destabilizing the east of the country . "  These well-equipped groups resort to guns , oppression and blackmail to intimidate people ... in an effort to channel them to their own purposes , and thus create the false impression that their demands are backed by broad public support , " he said . "  Russia 's major goal is to destabilize and control the country . We will not let this happen . " Moscow says right-wing , ultranationalist groups are behind the violence in Ukraine and that it has no direct influence over the pro-Russian groups . The violence in Ukraine has created the worst East-West diplomatic crisis since the end of the Cold War . However , French President Francois Hollande said Thursday that Putin would be welcome to attend next month 's ceremonies marking the 70th anniversary of D-Day in Normandy , northern France . "  We may have differences with Vladimir Putin at the moment namely over the crisis in Ukraine but I have not forgotten and never will forget that the Russian people gave millions of lives  during World War II  , " Hollande told local television in a clip posted on the presidential palace website . "  That is why I told Vladimir Putin that as the representative of the Russian people , he is welcome to these ceremonies . " The government in Kiev is bracing for further unrest in the run-up to Friday 's national holiday to commemorate the end of World War II . In a television address , Yatsenyuk urged Ukrainians not to take part in "  mass actions " and not to respond to provocations . Kiev has said it is stepping up security measures ahead of the holiday . A week in eastern Ukraine Ukraine crisis : Small numbers , global impact West threatens Russia with more sanctions Opinion : Putin 's empire building is not a new Cold War Journalist Lena Kashkarova reported from Donetsk and CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Matthew Chance , Elaine Ly and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report , as did journalist Azad Safarov .	NEW : Russia says more U.S. and Canadian officials have been added to those barred entry Donetsk and Luhansk separatists say they 're going ahead with Sunday referendum Body reportedly of pro-Ukrainian Donetsk resident is found in burned-out car Russia says it 's withdrawing troops from border , but NATO and U.S. see no signs of it
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- In February 1984 , a group of tech enthusiasts gathered in Monterey , California , to share thoughts on three subjects -- technology , entertainment and design . It was the start of the acronym  and the organization  TED , which marks its first three decades this week with a conference in Vancouver . One speaker back in 1984 , Nicholas Negroponte , the founder of MIT 's Media Lab , predicted that devices with touch screens would come into widespread use , more than 20 years before Apple 's iPhone delivered on that bet . On Wednesday , the 1,300 attendees at this year 's conference will be shown a video with clips from Negroponte 's 1984 talk , along with snippets of TED Talks that predicted advances in the use of robots , development of a driverless car , and technology that enables scientists to grow human body parts . Each of these predictions has come true , notes TED 's June Cohen . One that largely has n't , at least in any practical sense , is the personal flying car , Cohen said in an interview with CNN .  One conference included a presentation on a small plane that can be driven on roads , but it has n't come into widespread use .  "  It 's a very Jetsons concept , " she said . "  I am waiting for that flying car . " Negroponte gave the first talk Monday at the TED2014 conference , adding a prediction that knowledge -- the ability to speak a language or absorb Shakespeare 's plays -- will one day be ingested through a pill . He is one of many TED "  all-stars " invited to reappear on the conference 's stage . Among them : "  Eat , Pray , Love " author Elizabeth Gilbert , Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales , inventor Ray Kurzweil , robotics expert Rodney Brooks , educator Salman Khan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , Whole Earth Catalog founder Stewart Brand , and Sir Tim Berners-Lee , who invented the World Wide Web . Others speaking at this weeks 's conference , titled "  The Next Chapter , " include Bill and Melinda Gates , Sting , author Isabel Allende , and former Rep. Gabby Giffords and her husband , astronaut Mark Kelly . On Tuesday , Charmian Gooch , co-founder of the anti-corruption group Global Witness , will reveal the wish for which she was recently awarded the $ 1 million TED Prize . TED 's breakout moment While much of this year 's conference harks back to TED 's start in 1984 , the organization really did n't assume its current form -- and its expansive public footprint -- until eight years ago . In 2006 , TED 's leadership decided to put its archive of recorded talks online for free . The thinking was that there were limits to how much impact a talk could have if its audience was only a thousand people , even if those people were influential ones . As Cohen recalls , it was considered a risky and even radical move . "  There was a lot of skepticism , " she says . "  People worried that it might capsize our business model because we were running an expensive , somewhat elite conference . Conventional wisdom would tell you that if you have sort of a luxury item , an expensive conference , you have to keep your prices high and your commodity scarce . " But Cohen says TED never got the pushback some expected from people who had paid thousands of dollars to attend the conferences . "  They welcomed it , " she said . "  They longed to share the talks with friends and family who could n't be there in the room . " And it did n't discourage people from going to TED , she said . "  We raised the price of the conference by 50 % , to $ 6,000 , and we ended up selling out a year in advance with a thousand-person wait list . ... That really was a lesson for us in the power of openness . " TED followed up by allowing independently organized groups around the world to hold "  TEDx " conferences , propagating its 18-minute video format . TED staff members can reel off the resulting numbers : 1.9 million TED Talk video views a day , 1,600-plus TED Talks online , 9,000 TEDx events in 157 countries . Making of a TED Talk A TED Talk -- most of the main conferences have more than 60 of them -- is typically a carefully curated and rehearsed presentation by a thinker , an expert or an artist who 's passionate about his or her subject , which can range far beyond the original "  technology , entertainment , design " boundaries . Shot by as many as eight cameras , with professional set design and lighting , the video builds to an emotional  and intellectual  climax and is intended to be shared widely . What it is not is an hour-long college lecture , a panel discussion or a question-and-answer session with the audience -- all of which might make for a less dramatic and far less shareable product . Some critics have argued that TED Talks reduce complex subjects to a string of bullet points or promote a naive utopian view of the infinite possibilities of technology . That 's not the way Cohen sees it . A graduate of Stanford , where she edited the student newspaper , she was working as a vice president at the online arm of Wired magazine when she attended her first TED in 1998 . "  I absolutely fell in love with it from my first moment there . I felt like I had found my world and found my people . ... I think one of the reasons it spoke to me was that TED is sort of uniquely designed for people who have a wide range of interests . " Cohen is a passionate advocate for conference sessions that hop from one discipline to another . "  For me that 's what TED is . It 's not a single talk or even a collection of talks , it 's the range of territory that we cover . ... And if we 've curated it right , what happens to people in the audience during a TED session is that you can almost feel your brain lighting up in different areas . So when you see a designer speak , followed by a poet , followed by a physicist , followed by an entrepreneur , followed by a great musical performance ... it helps us create connections between the ideas that are coming at us . " Not everyone approves . "  People with a wide range of interests are often cast as dilettantes or often looked down upon for what is seen as a lack of focus , " Cohen says . "  I see it as an existence of breadth , and one of the things you find really unites people who attend TED , or people who watch TED talks regularly , is that they do have a great interest in a wide range of areas . " "  Interestingly , there 's a lot of evidence that that is the kind of thinking we really need today , that the great challenges of our times can not be solved by experts working in their individual areas , but rather by people who can gather information from a wide range of fields and bring them together . " TED 's evolution The year that Cohen first went to TED was also the first time that Chris Anderson , a magazine entrepreneur , attended . He too was hooked . And in 2001 , having sold his company , Anderson purchased TED through his nonprofit Sapling Foundation from TED co-founder Richard Saul Wurman . Anderson begins each conference with the incantation "  It 's time for TED " and shares hosting the sessions with Cohen and other staff members . Cohen helps curate the conference and also oversees TED 's media arm , which includes a recently relaunched TED.com . She sees the arc of TED 's lifespan as going from a "  closed conference to an open platform for spreading ideas . " Indeed the organization 's motto is "  Ideas worth spreading , " and the new website makes that tangible . A widget on each video allows a user who has shared a talk with others to see how many views the talk has gotten from those who have clicked on that person 's link . Through the site , TED speakers can provide suggestions for further reading and for ways to take action on the issues raised in their talks . The boom in online video Still , the heart of what TED offers is the short , tightly edited online video itself , and Cohen acknowledges that what was once unique to the organization has become available elsewhere . "  Over the years , the format of a recorded talk has gone from a novelty to a bit more of a staple online . I think that 's great news for everyone . " As for the criticism TED has gotten , Cohen says , "  the more people you 're influencing , the bigger target you 'll become . It 's a natural part of growing up as a media organization . " "  We work very concertedly with all of our speakers to make sure that their talks are deeply substantive and authentic . So there 's no formula for a great TED talk . ... We always make it very clear to our speakers that it is essential that they not dumb down their material . " Cohen says the aim is to have the audience "  stretch up , " and to help make that possible , she cites the advice often attributed to Albert Einstein : "  Make things as simple as possible but no simpler . " And , she adds , "  It 's important to remember what a TED Talk is . A TED Talk is n't a scientific paper and it is n't a full-length book . It 's a short talk meant to reach an intelligent general audience . "	TED got its start as a conference in Monterey , California , 30 years ago Today the organization has a big media footprint , with 1,600-plus talks available online Many predictions made on its stage have come true , including popularity of touch screens Speakers at this week 's conference include Bill Gates , Sting , and Tim Berners-Lee
CNN  -- Vermont is weighing a bill that could make it the first state to legalize same-sex marriage without being prompted by the courts . Vermont could become the first state to legalize same-sex marriage without prompting from courts . The state 's House Judiciary Committee has scheduled a hearing for Tuesday afternoon to consider a bill that the Vermont Senate passed Monday by a vote of 26-4 . The House is expected to pass the bill . Republican Gov. Jim Douglas , however , has said he opposes the bill . "  Governor Douglas agrees with President Obama that marriage is between a man and a woman . He supports Vermont 's current civil union law , which provides equal rights , benefits , and responsibilities to Vermonters in civil unions , " said the governor 's spokeswoman , Dennise Casey . The governor "  believes this bill is a distraction from the important work the legislature needs to do to pass a responsible budget and get our economy going again , " Casey added . It is unclear whether both chambers of the state legislature would vote to override a potential gubernatorial veto . Vermont made history in 2000 by becoming the first state to approve civil unions for gay and lesbian couples . Massachusetts and Connecticut are the only states that allow same-sex marriage . Vermont , New Hampshire , and New Jersey allow civil unions for gay and lesbian couples . Vermont legalized civil unions nine years ago in response to a ruling from its high court . Nationwide , the issue of same-sex marriage remains highly divisive . A June 2008 CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found that 44 percent of adult Americans believe gay marriage should be recognized by law as valid ; 53 percent are opposed . The issue took center stage in the nation 's largest state last November , when California voters narrowly approved a proposition amending the state constitution to ban same-sex marriage . California had been issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples since a May 2008 ruling by the state Supreme Court legalized the unions . California 's high court heard arguments three weeks ago in a case tackling the constitutionality of the controversial ballot proposition . It has not yet issued a decision . The 1996 federal Defense of Marriage Act effectively bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex unions by defining marriage as "  a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife " and a spouse as "  a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife . "	Vermont poised to pass legislation to legalize same-sex marriage It would be the first time a state took the action without being forced by courts Vermont 's governor opposes the bill and has called the measure a ` distraction '
London , England  CNN  -- The controversy known as "  climategate " erupted in November 2009 with the publication of more than 1,000 e-mails to and from scientists at the Climatic Research Unit  CRU  of the University of East Anglia in eastern England . The e-mails , dating back to 1996 , were published on Web sites run by climate change skeptics who claim efforts had been made to manipulate data to exaggerate the threat of global warming . The head of the CRU , Professor Phil Jones , stepped down from his post while reviews were conducted . It was announced Wednesday that Jones would return to the role of Director of Research at the university after an independent review cleared the CRU of manipulating or falsifying data . "  We concluded that these behaviors did not damage our judgment of the integrity , the honesty , the rigor with which they had operated as scientists , " said the review 's chairman Muir Russell . In early July , an investigation by Penn State University into one of the authors of the e-mails , Professor Michael Mann , found that he had not strayed from accepted practices for "  proposing , reporting or conducting research . " Who is the CRU ? The CRU is one of the world 's leading research bodies on natural and human-induced climate change and has developed a number of the data sets widely used in climate research , including the global temperature record used to monitor the state of the climate system . It played a key role in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's  IPCC  Fourth Assessment Report in 2007 -- a collaboration between the United Nations Environment Program and World Meteorological Organization  WMO  -- considered to be the most authoritative report of its kind . Since the e-mail scandal broke , the credibility of the IPCC has been brought into question . In January , the panel admitted its assessment report had wrongly stated that the Himalayan glaciers would disappear by 2035 . How was the climate data allegedly manipulated ? In one particular e-mail , Professor Jones relates to the preparation of a figure for the WMO Statement on the Status of the Global Climate in 1999 . He writes , "  I 've just completed ` Mike 's Nature trick ' of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ... to hide the decline . " The alleged ` Climategate ' e-mails According to critics , this "  trick " worked in the following way : when temperature readings taken from tree rings showed an apparent decline in temperatures from the 1980s to the present , the researchers added in measurements taken later by more modern instruments , which gave them the answer they wanted . What was the CRU 's response ? In a statement posted on the university 's Web site late last year , the CRU said the use of the word "  trick " was not intended to imply a deception . It said : "  The requirement for the WMO Statement was for up-to-date evidence showing how temperatures may have changed over the last 1,000 years . "  To produce temperature series that were completely up-to-date  i.e. through to 1999  it was necessary to combine the temperature reconstructions with the instrumental record , because the temperature reconstructions from proxy data  such as tree rings  ended many years earlier whereas the instrumental record is updated every month . " The statement went on to say the illegally obtained e-mails have been "  taken out of context and misinterpreted " as evidence that CRU manipulated climate data to present an unrealistic picture of global warming . It added that "  this conclusion is entirely unfounded and the evidence from CRU research is entirely consistent with independent evidence assembled by various research groups around the world . " It called for an independent review to be set up , and since late 2009 , the team , led by Sir Muir Russell , has been examining dozens of submissions . What impact did ` Climategate ' have on the case for global warming ? The e-mails appeared just weeks before the United Nations Conference on Climate Change held in Copenhagen in December 2009 . At the time , many climate change experts claimed the files were stolen in an attempt to undermine the talks . "  Given the wide-ranging nature of change that is likely to be taken in hand , some naturally find it inconvenient to accept its inevitability , " IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri told reporters in the Danish capital . "  The recent incident of stealing the e-mails of scientists at the University of East Anglia shows that some would go to the extent of carrying out illegal acts , perhaps in an attempt to discredit the IPCC . " After its completion , the December Copenhagen climate conference was widely seen to have failed in its aim of agreeing a global deal on climate change . CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	In November 2009 , more than 1,000 e-mails were published online Climate skeptics claimed e-mails showed case for global warming had been exaggerated Independent review published Wednesday cleared scientists of wrongdoing Head of unit in question Professor Phil Jones to return as Director of Research
CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed legislation Friday that will overhaul the U.S. patent system for the first time since 1952 . "  We have to do everything we can to encourage the entrepreneurial spirit wherever we find it , " Obama said at a signing ceremony at a high school in Arlington , Virginia . This measure "  cuts away the red tape that slows down our inventors and entrepreneurs . " Obama used the occasion to promote his $ 447 billion jobs plan , calling patent reform a "  part of our  larger  agenda for making us competitive over the long term . " Among other things , the measure , dubbed the America Invents Act , will transition the country to a "  first-to-file " system , instead of the current "  first-to-invent " approach . Issuing patents to the first person or company to file will help provide clarity in the patent-granting process , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office says . It will also prevent inventors from coming out of the woodwork to challenge pending patents . The first-to-file system is the predominant method used by the vast majority of industrialized countries throughout the world . The measure also will help provide adequate funding to the overwhelmed patent office by allowing it to set and keep its own fees . Currently , all patent-filing fees are sent to Congress , and the patent office is allocated a set amount that is unrelated to how many patent applications are filed in a given year . Congress will continue to allocate funds to the patent office , but any fees that the office collects in excess of its allocation would be placed in escrow . The patent office will then need to appeal to Congress to release that money , allowing Congress to maintain a certain level of oversight . The patent office currently examines roughly 500,000 applications every year . Underfunding has led to a 700,000-patent backlog and a three-year waiting period for the average patent to receive final approval . Finally , the bill will create a post-grant review process intended to clear up legal battles before they start . The measure allows inventors or companies to contest the validity of a patent for nine months after it is issued . The patent office will then go back and review the case . The idea is to keep more expensive , lengthy patent fights out of the courts . CNN 's David Goldman and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Obama signs a bill overhauling the U.S. patent system for the first time since 1952 The bill creates a "  first-to-file " system , replacing the current "  first-to-invent " system The bill also establishes a more reliable funding stream for the patent office
A pharmacy graduate from Massachusetts who sympathized with al-Qaeda , and traveled to Yemen in the hopes of linking up with the terrorist group , was sentenced Thursday to 17 1/2 years in federal prison , court officials said . Tarek Mehanna , 29 , was found guilty in December of conspiring to help al Qaeda , conspiring to commit murder in a foreign country and making false statements . "  This is one of the most significant terror-related cases ever brought , " said Boston College law professor George Brown . "  Prosecutions like this push the envelope in terms of how far the government can go after an individual 's conduct prior to committing any terrorist act . "  The government was a big winner today . " Mehanna traveled to Yemen in 2004 to receive training to kill American soldiers and support terrorism at home . But he never found a training camp , and it remains unclear if he ever made contact with a terrorist group . After returning to the United States , Mehanna posted al Qaeda recruitment videos and documents on the Internet , and was convicted of providing material support to terrorists Though it 's again not clear if he ever actually made contact with the group . Prosecutors say Mehanna had been in touch with a man named Daniel Joseph Maldonado , who headed to the Horn of Africa to receive jihadist training . Maldonado pleaded guilty in 2007 to traveling to Somalia to fight in a "  jihad " against the transitional government there . "  You might call  Mehanna  a terrorist wannabe , " said Brown , who noted that Thursday 's sentencing reflected an apparent compromise . "  I think the judge wanted to be cautious and distinguish this kind of conduct from the more fundamental  and traditional descriptions of  terrorist acts , " Brown said . Federal prosecutors had asked for 25 years , and Mehanna could have faced life in prison . The case has been a focus of legal experts , who debated the extent of free speech protection and how and when authorities can move against someone believed to be engaged pre-terror-related activity . Mehanna 's lawyers had argued that in collecting and distributing jihadist propaganda upon his return to the U.S. , he was exercising his First Amendment rights . Some of the material he translated , they say , involved mujahedeen fighting the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan more than two decades ago . But prosecutors instead argued that law enforcement has the responsibility to both head off and deter potential terrorist threats . "  There is a greater value in using this case to achieve the ends of general deterrence than in terrorism cases involving isolated or short-lived activities , " they said in a statement . "  That is because Mehanna 's actions are the kind that most individuals who are radicalized in America are likely to contemplate replicating -- traveling overseas to get terrorism experience , and using the Internet to connect with and support other terrorists . " Mehanna 's supporters , meanwhile , have pledged their backing online , setting up a website in his defense . U.S. District Judge George A. O'Toole also handed Mehanna seven years of supervised release as a part of the closely watched decision Thursday . Hailing from a Boston suburb , Mehanna earned a doctorate at the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences , where his father worked as a professor .	Tarek Mehanna , 29 , was found guilty of conspiring to help al Qaeda , other charges He sought training in Yemen , but it 's not clear if he ever made contact with a terror group Experts question implications of case ; lawyers : Mehanna was exercising free speech rights
Financial Times  -- Eurozone finance ministers last night postponed agreement on Greece 's long-delayed $ 31.3 bn aid payment for yet another week as divisions between the International Monetary Fund and EU creditors over how fast Athens must reduce its burgeoning debt levels burst into the open . Christine Lagarde , the IMF chief , and Jean-Claude Juncker , chair of the eurogroup of finance ministers , publicly sparred over whether Greece must reduce its debt levels to 120 per cent of economic output by 2020 , long viewed the target to get Athens back to a sustainable debt level . An agreement between the IMF and eurozone governments is essential to releasing the bailout tranche since both creditors disburse financial assistance concurrently . In a rare breach , Mr Juncker told a post-meeting press conference the target would be moved to 2022 , prompting Ms Lagarde to insist the IMF was sticking to the original timeline . When Mr Juncker again insisted it would be moved -- "  I 'm not joking , " he said -- Ms Lagarde appeared exasperated , rolling her eyes and shaking her head . "  In our view , the appropriate timetable is 120 per cent by 2020 , " Ms Lagarde said . "  We clearly have different views . " Officials will meet again November 20 in an effort to reach agreement , Mr Juncker said . Despite the delay , officials insisted Greece would not default on Thursday , when Athens must make a debt payment of about $ 5bn without the benefit of international aid . Greece 's ability to raise the money on its own has been cast into doubt after the European Central Bank refused to increase the amount of treasury bills it would accept as collateral from Greek banks seeking low-interest ECB loans . Without the ability to use treasury bills as collateral , Greek banks have little financial incentive to purchase them . But Olli Rehn , the EU 's top economic official , said even if the ECB did not raise the ceiling of treasury bills it would accept , Greek banks had improved their cash position enough that they were expected to purchase the debt anyway , getting over what Mr Rehn termed a "  Greek fiscal cliff " . The Lagarde-Juncker spat was a public manifestation of a fight that has been simmering behind closed doors for months . The IMF has insisted the overhauled bailout plan include a credible debt reduction proposal , which may force eurozone countries to accept losses on bailout loans . But European Commission officials believe the IMF is being overly pessimistic , arguing Greece can grow faster economically and should be given more leeway to meet debt targets . According to senior officials , the IMF believes that without any relief , Greek debt will stand at nearly 150 per cent of gross domestic product by 2020 , while the European Commission believes it will be just over 140 per cent . Without agreement on the baseline , officials can not come up with a debt relief plan , which will involve both eurozone governments and the ECB giving up cash they had originally been owed by Greece . If the target is moved to 2022 , eurozone governments will have an easier time formulating a plan , since it likely will only involve cutting interest rates on bailout loans . Standing firm to 2020 may require write downs on those loans , something Germany and other creditor countries have refused to do . "  We started to discuss a certain number of avenues , " Mr Juncker said . "  My personal feeling is that -LSB- official write downs -RSB- will not be the one that will be privileged . " © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Eurozone finance ministers postponed agreement on Greece 's long-delayed $ 31.3 bn aid payment Shows divisions between IMF and EU creditors over how fast Athens must reduce its debt IMF : Greece must reduce its debt levels to 120 per cent of economic output by 2020 Juncker told a post-meeting press conference the target would be moved to 2022
CNN  -- The swollen Missouri River washed over and punched through levees in northwestern Missouri early Sunday , spurring authorities to urge about 250 nearby residents to leave their homes . The river breached levees at two points overnight and overtopped them at two others near Corning , Missouri , about 100 miles north of Kansas City , the Holt County Sheriff 's Department reported . Most residents had already cleared out due to voluntary evacuation calls , but authorities went door-to-door early Sunday to order nearly 30 people who remained to leave , the agency told CNN . Upriver , evacuation advisories went out for 200 to 250 people in the town of Watson and other areas west of Interstate 29 , said Mark Manchester , the deputy emergency management director in Atchison County . Water was sloshing over the levees "  at a pretty good clip " Sunday morning and had already topped the county 's previous record mark , set in 1993 , he said . "  We 're in uncharted waters here , " Manchester said . The Missouri was more than 11.5 feet over flood stage at nearby Brownville , according to National Weather Service data . And across the state line in Hamburg , Iowa , where two levees failed last week , the river was expected to crest at 10 feet over flood stage in the coming days , Fremont County Emergency Management chief Mike Crecelius said . Crecelius said the river has been over flood stage since late April , and that forecasters are projecting river flows of 150,000 cubic feet  1.1 million gallons  per second through August . "  They 're not designed for this amount of pressure for this length of time , " Crecelius said . "  They 've never been tested like this . " Heavy rainfall in Montana and North Dakota , combined with melting snow from the Rocky Mountains , have sent the Missouri surging downstream , according to the National Weather Service . The 6 to 12 inches of rainfall in the upper Missouri basin in the past few weeks is nearly a normal year 's worth , and runoff from the mountain snowpack is 140 % of normal , the agency says . CNN 's Matt Smith and Divina Mims contributed to this report .	NEW : Official raises concern about projected high water flows About 250 people are affected by the latest orders and advisories A local official in northwestern Missouri says the river has already topped a 1993 record
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber is completely off the hook for an incident in which a Los Angeles woman accused him of trying to take her cell phone last month . But a Los Angeles prosecutor is expected to soon charge Bieber , 20 , with vandalism in a separate incident , the egging of his neighbor 's mansion , a source involved in the case told CNN on Monday . The Los Angeles city attorney decided Monday there was "  a lack of evidence " to prosecute the singer for attempted robbery in connection with an argument with a woman at a miniature golf park last month , according to spokesman Rob Wilcox . The case was handed to the city attorney 's office last week for consideration of a misdemeanor charge after the Los Angeles district attorney declined to file a felony charge . Justin Bieber avoids felony robbery charge in cell phone ` tussle ' A criminal charge in the egging probe is coming as soon as Monday afternoon , a source told CNN . The Los Angeles County district attorney has been considering the case since February , when sheriff 's investigators recommended that Bieber , be charged with felony vandalism for the January incident . The vandalism case is what lawyers call a "  wobbler , " meaning the district attorney must decide if it will be prosecuted as a felony -- which could have much more serious consequences for the singer -- or as a misdemeanor . There was no indication which charge would be filed against Bieber , the source said . Justin Bieber : ` Do n't believe rumors ' A spokeswoman for the district attorney declined to confirm the report . "  When something happens , we will let everyone know at the same time , " Jane Robison told CNN on Monday . The family living in the mansion next to Bieber 's in an exclusive Calabasas , California , neighborhood accused the singer of tossing eggs from his yard onto their home . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department detectives are pushing for a felony charge , based on the estimated $ 20,000 in damage caused by the eggs . Is Justin Bieber getting special treatment ? Bieber 's attorneys met with prosecutors in March to argue that since the egging was "  a silly prank " and Bieber has no criminal record , it should be treated as a misdemeanor , two sources at the time said . Bieber , 20 , has since moved from the neighborhood , selling the mansion to Khloe Kardashian . Bieber 's drunken driving charge in Miami is also still pending , although a source close to that case said talks are under way to reach a plea deal to avoid a trial . Justin Bieber again caught in racial controversy	NEW : City attorney cites "  lack of evidence " for a misdemeanor robbery charge Investigators want Bieber to be charged with felony vandalism for the January incident Bieber 's ex-neighbors accuse the singer of tossing eggs from his yard onto their home Bieber 's lawyer calls it "  a silly prank "
CNN  -- Police in China have rescued twin baby girls allegedly sold by a maternity doctor , bringing the number of infants recovered from the suspected trafficking ring to three , state media reported . They are to return them to their parents Saturday . The provincial government in Shaanxi , northwest China , announced the twin 's rescue Thursday , the state-run China Daily reported . The parents , mother Wang Yanyan and father Qi Kunfeng , of Dongcheng village , Fuping County , were scheduled to reunite with their children Saturday . Police had earlier recovered a baby boy allegedly sold by the same obstetrician to traffickers , and reunited him with his parents Monday . Chinese newborn , allegedly sold by doctor , is returned to parents The doctor allegedly at the center of the scandal is Zhang Shuxia , deputy director of the maternity department of the Fuping County Maternal and Child Health Care Hospital , reported state-run CCTV . Since news of the scandal broke , police have received reports of 55 similar cases from local residents , including 26 cases pointing to Zhang , China Daily reported . Police launched investigations into five of the reported cases , and Zhang was detained on suspicion of human trafficking . The parents of the allegedly trafficked twins told CNN that after Wang gave birth at the hospital on May 29 , Zhang convinced them to give up the children , telling them that the girls had serious health issues . "  The doctor was pretending to be very anxious , telling me that my babies have congenital problems . She said the twins would be brain damaged or paralyzed , " Wang said . The couple never saw their children after the birth , they said . "  I insisted on seeing the babies , but she would n't let me , " said Wang . They trusted Zhang . "  I never suspected that she was selling my babies , because she was a family friend , " she said . The twins ' father , Qi , told CNN that the loss of the children had a profound impact on the couple . "  Every night for two months my wife would cry , and she could n't eat from worry . " Of Zhang , his former friend , he said : "  I think she is evil . She is a terrible person . " "  We trusted her so much . How could she be so cruel to sell our babies ? " First baby returned Authorities returned the first rescued baby Monday to his parents , who were overcome by emotion . Its identity was confirmed through DNA testing . As family members wept , the parents knelt to thank police for recovering their son , the state-run China Daily reported . Fuping County authorities said Zhang sold the baby boy for 21,600 yuan  $ 3,527  on July 17 , the day after he was born . The baby was then sold two more times in ten days ' time . Police said Zhang told the child 's parents , Dong Shanshan and Lai Guofeng , that their son had contracted syphilis through the mother , and convinced them to surrender the boy into her care , reported the state-run People 's Daily . But the mother subsequently tested negative for syphilis and grew suspicious . She went to the police . The infant was found Sunday in a good condition in a town in neighboring Henan Province . Most of the affected families hailed from the same village as Zhang and her mother , CCTV reported . Zhang made false claims that the children had serious ailments , from heart problems and cerebral palsy to missing genitals , to convince parents to part with their babies . Officials sacked Another couple from the area told CCTV Zhang had convinced them to give up their baby son at the hospital in 2008 , after telling them shortly after the birth that the infant had stopped breathing . "  The whole delivery was around 10 minutes , natural birth . And then she came out and told me that the baby was n't breathing , " recalled Dong Pengfei , the father . "  I was overwhelmed by that time , and I did n't have second thoughts . But after that I 've been thinking why she would refer to it as a ` kid ' if it was n't breathing . " "  I could n't stop crying ever since I gave birth to my boy , " his wife told CCTV . "  I feel like crying when I see kids from other families . " Two government officials and three hospital officials have sacked over the scandal , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . China 's state health commission has called for severe punishment for those involved . A CNN crew was tailed by officials and told to stay away from local residents while reporting the story .	Twin baby girls are the latest to be rescued from a Chinese trafficking ring The children were allegedly taken and sold by a maternity doctor A baby boy allegedly taken by the doctor was recovered Sunday Authorities are investigating scores of other cases
CNN  -- In 2010 , the American Board of Internal Medicine suspended or revoked the certification of 139 physicians for giving away or soliciting examination questions for a board review company . CNN subsequently reported on residents preparing for certification examinations using questions reproduced by people who took previous exams . Residents taking the American Board of Radiology medical physics examination wrote down test questions  "  recalls "  , and shared them with future examinees . Dermatology residents also reproduced questions  "  airplane notes "  minutes after the certification examination . Question reproduction violates copyright policies . However , some physicians CNN interviewed said that recall use is like preparing with a study guide since questions are used to confirm underlying knowledge , not rote memorization of answers . Consistent with this view , only 43 % of medical students surveyed at a UK medical school thought it was clearly wrong to convey information about test content to another student examinee . However , such behavior should create concern for the quality and integrity of patient care . Medical students who cheat on examinations are more likely to falsify information in a patient 's medical record . Patients want physicians to be certified based on a valid assessment of the knowledge necessary to provide high-quality care . If patients can not trust the knowledge that board certification is expected to measure , the medical profession loses the public 's confidence . Moreover , certification should indicate the ability to care for patients , rather than efficient test preparation . Notably , although patients express a highly favorable view of certification , it is not required by most hospitals and health care plans . The distinction between cheating and guided study is crucial . Old test questions and recent examination experience are routinely used to create study materials . The American College of Physicians produces a summary of concepts and information most likely to appear on the ABIM certification exam . The content of this summary is shaped by post-examination residents . The First Aid series for medical students is updated annually based on examinee reports . Using a focused study guide created based on examinees ' input bears some similarity to studying from practice questions that may have been on a recent examination . The difference lies in the detail and specificity of the information conveyed . Nevertheless , from the public 's perspective , both practices represent "  shortcuts " for examination success . Drivers of dishonest behavior Cheating in education and sports creates unfairness between "  competitors . " Unlike performance-enhancing drugs , the use of Ritalin and Valium to improve test performance is not considered cheating . Difficulty concentrating and anxiety are perhaps considered abnormal disadvantages from which examinees deserve sparing . The unfairness perspective is reflected in a dean 's observation in the CNN report -- since use of reproduced questions is so pervasive , this norm does not cause any unfair advantage . Unfortunately , 57 % of surveyed medical students claimed that others ' cheating had unfairly disadvantaged them . The difficult content of the radiology physics exam is one reason for the use of reproduced questions . For most physicians , the exhaustive study of biochemistry and pharmacology is a rite of passage based on knowledge rarely used . In fact , the physicians interviewed by CNN said that the necessity to demonstrate proficiency of arcane material unimportant for practice was a root cause of residents using reproduced questions for exam preparation . In other words : Test content that medical students view as unnecessary for clinical care makes them more likely to cheat . Of course , a desire to succeed underlies the decision to cheat : 40 % of 665 medical students across six schools admitted to doing something unethical to avoid a poor evaluation . However , fear of failure is not generally sufficient -- social context is important . Academic dishonesty is strongly connected to peer behavior . Many medical students believe certain forms of cheating can be justified if the motivation is to assist friends . Of 2,459 medical students from 31 schools , 41 % had cheated during high school and 59 % thought that cheating was too common to eliminate . When misconduct becomes an established norm , as it apparently has among certifying residents , it does not become acceptable , but can be difficult to stop . How to limit unethical behavior The use of reproduced questions for board examination preparation threatens medicine 's integrity and public trust . Moreover , indisputably dishonest behaviors are far too common among trainees . Punishments and honor codes do little to reduce academic dishonesty in medical education . Responses to unethical acts have also been hampered by divergent opinions about the severity of specific violations and appropriate punishments . However , peer behavior has a strong impact on ethical decisions . The image of dermatology residents writing down test questions together in a restaurant suggests this has become an established norm . Trainees find it more acceptable to engage in unethical conduct when their friends are as well . The best way to limit unethical behavior is to embed academic honesty into institutional cultures , perhaps through role models and curricula that emphasize the respect that a virtuous professional may earn . Case-based ethics training may improve moral reasoning , although the impact on conduct is unknown . Examination content must be highly relevant for the patient-care activities that will be endorsed . Esoteric questions suggestive of academic hazing should be eliminated . Not reusing test questions would reduce the incentive to reproduce questions in verbatim form , but might jeopardize the consistency of passing standards , while increasing expenses . In the end , successful certification must demonstrate that physicians are vested with the trust of both their peers and the public . Sponsoring rigorous examinations that cover material critical for patient care will bolster what the profession provides patients . Ultimately , the integrity of the medical profession and the faith that patients place in physicians demand the highest moral standards . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gregory Ruhnke .	Doctors were disciplined for sharing examination questions Gregory Ruhnke says cheating is surprisingly common among medical students He says cheating fosters behavior that can persist through doctor 's career
CNN  -- Its record on dealing with racist abuse has been mixed and now Russia has been urged by a leading anti-apartheid activist to show a tougher approach to the issue ahead of hosting the 2018 World Cup . The man who led South Africa 's successful World Cup bid in 2010 , Danny Jordaan wants Russia to start implementing life bans for any players or individuals found guilty of racism within football . "  Given our own history as South Africa as a country and given our struggle against apartheid and racism ... this is an issue that Russia must give serious attention to , " Jordaan told CNN 's Amanda Davies . In the past , Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko has insisted there is no major racism problem in the country , though earlier this month FC Rostov coach Igor Gamula said he did want to sign a Cameroonian because the club has "  enough dark-skinned players , we 've got six of the things . " Gamula , who apologized for his comments , was given a five-game ban . During this season 's Champions League leading Russian club CSKA Moscow has had to play its games behind closed doors because of fan abuse toward black players . That punishment was handed out by European governing body UEFA . And in an interview with the Associated Press , FIFA anti-racism adviser Tokyo Sexwale suggested black players might even boycott the 2018 World Cup , saying "  there are certain parts -LSB- of Moscow where -RSB- if you are my color it 's unsafe . " Jordaan , who began to campaign against apartheid in the 1970s , argued there should be "  no compromise " on the issue of racism in football . "  You 've already seen the response from some of the leading players on the African continent , " said Jordaan . "  We will certainly , at the level of the Confederation of African Football and FIFA , raise these issues because we can not see the same teams there that will be subjected to racial abuse and threats . " Jordaan pointed to the NBA 's leadership in dealing with Los Angeles Clippers co-owner Donald Sterling , banning him for life after privately taped racist remarks were leaked to celebrity website TMZ.com . "  In our own country we opposed both legislation and the conduct of racists in our country -- they must be confronted , " added Jordaan , referring to his own country 's history in dealing with apartheid . "  It must be dealt with severely . There must be decisive and very strong action . "  Such individuals certainly have no right to take charge of human-beings if the understanding is not that every human-being has equal worth . There are no players and things in the same team -- it 's just unacceptable . " Earlier in November , the head of FIFA 's disciplinary committee Claudio Sulser insisted the world governing body would deal with any racism at the World Cup . Russia 's 2018 Local Organizing Committee was not immediately available for comment .	Russia should impose life bans on anyone found guilty of racist abuse in football Call comes from leading anti-apartheid activist Danny Jordaan Jordaan led South Africa 's successful 2010 World Cup bid Argues there should be "  no compromise " on the issue of racist abuse in football
CNN  -- Less than six weeks after President Hugo Chavez 's death , Venezuelans will head to the polls Sunday to pick a new leader . It will be the second time in just over six months that voters in the south American country have cast ballots in a presidential election . Chavez , who ruled Venezuela for 14 years , celebrated a triumphant re-election victory in October . After his death on March 5 , authorities announced new elections to select his successor . Who 's running to replace Chavez ? Nicolas Maduro , 50 , is a candidate for the United Socialist Party of Venezuela . Henrique Capriles Radonski , 40 , represents a coalition of opposition parties . Maduro started his career as a bus driver in Caracas , rose through the ranks as a union leader and eventually became part of Chavez 's inner circle . He has been the interim leader since Chavez 's death , and served as vice president and foreign minister in his administration . Capriles is the former governor of Miranda state . He lost to Chavez in October 's presidential vote , coming within 10 percentage points of the longtime leader . It was a significant gap , but the closest any opposition candidate ever came to defeating Chavez during his rule . Maduro has pledged to continue Chavez 's plan to build "  21st century socialism . " Capriles says he pushing a more moderate approach , promising to continue social programs and improve the country 's economy . READ MORE : Maduro : From bus driver to presidential candidate READ MORE : Capriles ' second chance to defeat ` Chavismo ' What are the key issues at stake ? Crime , inflation and food shortages are key problems on the minds of many in the nation . But heated rhetoric on the campaign trail has focused more on personal attacks between the candidates and sparring over the legacy of Chavez . No matter who wins , the question of what will happen in Venezuela without Chavez at the helm looms large over the elections . How many people are expected to cast ballots ? More than 18.9 million Venezuelans are registered to vote in the presidential election . Venezuela 's National Electoral Council estimates that more than 100,000 Venezuelans will vote abroad at diplomatic offices in 88 countries . There are more than 37,681 Venezuelans registered to vote in the United States , according to government figures . Who will be watching ? In addition to representatives from national organizations serving as observers , Venezuela 's National Electoral Council says 170 foreigners have been invited to witness the elections . The international group includes delegations from the Union of South American Nations and the Atlanta-based Carter Center . READ MORE : Chavez 's impact on Venezuela lauded at funeral READ MORE : What 's next ? Chavez 's death leaves many questions READ MORE : Hugo Chavez 's death draws sympathy , anger	Maduro , Capriles will square off in Sunday 's presidential vote The election comes less than six weeks after the death of Chavez More than 18.9 million Venezuelans are registered to vote The economy and crime are key issues at stake
CNN  -- Pirates hijacked a British-owned bulk carrier Saturday in the Indian Ocean , but NATO forces stopped an attack on another vessel in the Gulf of Aden hours earlier , NATO maritime authorities said . 11 pirates are arrested by Yemeni security forces in an operation last month . The UK cargo ship , the MV Ariana , was carrying 35,000 tons of soya about 250 nautical miles  287 miles  northwest of the Seychelles when it was seized around dawn . The crew members are Ukrainians and they are not believed to harmed , NATO said . It is unclear how many crew members were aboard the vessel and how it came to be attacked . NATO said it was unaware of ransom demands or any threats against those aboard . NATO said a European Union Protection Aircraft has been deployed to monitor and track the MV Ariana , which is making its way toward Somalia -- the epicenter of the pirate industry . The Seychelles is a republic consisting of a group of islands off East Africa . On Friday evening , a NATO operation conducted by a Portuguese warship disrupted a pirate attack on a Bahamas oil tanker in the Gulf of Aden . The tanker , the MV Kition , broadcast an emergency alert when a pirate-filled skiff approached . NRP Corte-Real , the closest NATO ship , and its helicopter responded and intercepted the pirates . Portuguese Navy special forces boarded a pirate mother-ship . They found and destroyed four AK-47s , a rocket-propelled grenade and four explosives . They seized 19 suspected Somali pirates but released them after consulting with Portuguese national authorities . Piracy has been soaring off the coast of eastern Africa -- particularly Somalia , which has not had an effective government since 1991 . Somali pirates have defied foreign navies patrolling the waters and have collected large ransoms from shipping companies . Ransoms started out in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Journalist Ashleigh Nghiem contributed to this report .	Pirates hijack British-owned bulk carrier in Indian Ocean NATO forces stop attack on another vessel in Gulf of Aden hours earlier Piracy is a major problem in the waters off Somalia Somalia has not had a stable government in place since 1991
CNN  -- Stereotypes can rumble around in our collective brains for decades , sometimes centuries , before finally being edged out by a more nuanced understanding of reality . It 's been that way with our views about race , creed , sexual orientation and gender roles . The Justice Department 's announcement this week that it has changed the definition of rape to include men is one such step on the long road to better understanding . The last few years have seen a growing shift in the way men are perceived , under the collective weight of celebrity bad boys , stay-at-home dads , written scholarship on the supposed "  end of men , " an epidemic of male incarceration , two decade-long wars fought mostly by men and a nascent men 's movement that is not about proclaiming male power but male capacity for depth and goodness . We see men rejecting the stick-figure representation of manhood that gets played out in People magazine . We 've gone from "  Mad Men " to "  Men of a Certain Age " in no more than a couple of TV seasons . At the front line of this transition is men 's understanding of what it means to be a victim . Historically , rape has been viewed narrowly as a crime against women . When I interviewed the first victim to come forward in the Catholic sex-abuse scandal in Boston , he legally was n't talking about rape . Nor were the countless other men we have featured on The Good Men Project who have been sexually assaulted . Why ? Because of the belief that real men do n't get raped . But in fact they do . What we know from working with thousands of men in our community of readers and writers is that men are often ashamed to come forward and say they were raped . As the victim in Boston told me : "  I do n't think that people in general realize the long-term effects that it has on people . I think some people think just , OK , that happened 20-40 years ago . Buck up , things happen . Be a man . " For some victims of male attackers , homosexual rape adds a layer of shame and confusion to the violent trauma itself . Then there is the misperception that men 's sex drives are so high that they "  must have liked it " when forced to have sex with a woman or even another man . There is a completely antiquated and inaccurate assumption around male sexuality and how damaging forced sexual contact is no matter who you are . Without acknowledgement that rape of men exists , there is less help and support for them to overcome the trauma . The very reason for the Justice Department 's decision is to more accurately count rapes and to better allocate government resources , which up until now did not include programs to help male rape victims . Sexual abuse often follows a tragic pattern in which a victim , if left untreated , ends up becoming an attacker . The fact that so many rapists were themselves abused does n't excuse their behavior . But as a society we have to break the silence about victims to break the cycle of abuse . Clearly , there are still far more women who are raped than men . But justice is no zero-sum game . Acknowledging male suffering does n't diminish the need to stop sexual violence against women . It just sheds a stereotype that no longer serves men or women . For men to be thinking hard about how to be better fathers and husbands can only benefit women , as can the acknowledgment that men are all too often victims of rape . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Matlack .	Thomas Matlack : Justice Dept. 's including men in definition of rape challenges stereotypes He says this reflects a growing shift in perceptions about men , in media and the social realm He says the priest abuse scandal has helped confront the reality of victimized males Matlack : Rape of men must be acknowledged for men to be given help overcoming trauma
CNN  It 's time for liberals to look local . With Washington gridlocked over almost everything and congressional Republicans standing firm against any further expansion of domestic policy , the odds of Congress passing another New Deal or Great Society are minimal . It will take a lot of work by Democratic voters and activists to change the numbers on Capitol Hill so that liberal ideas stand a chance of passing . Yet at the state and local level , the story has been much different . Liberal Democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives . In New York City , Mayor Bill de Blasio has launched an ambitious pre-K education program to broaden access for all of the city 's residents . In New Orleans , the mayor has put together a generous housing program to guarantee that there are no veterans without shelter . The drive for same-sex marriage equality took hold in the states before reaching the federal level . States such as Vermont , Oregon , and Washington as well as New Jersey have taken the lead in adopting eco-friendly policies . While Congress has resisted President Barack Obama 's call to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 from $ 7.25 , 21 states and the District of Columbia went ahead and enacted minimum wage increases of their own . This is just the tip of the iceberg . At the annual conference for New America in Washington last week , the focus was on innovation . The most exciting ideas are taking hold at the local level . As the Atlantic 's James Fallows explained to the audience , when one moves beneath the gridlock of Washington and down to the towns and communities of America , it is quickly possible to see the "  functionality of politics " -- where partisanship does not trump the need to solve problems . This has given liberals an opening . In Detroit , a company called Detroit Dirt is taking food scraps from local eating establishments and transforming them into compost for gardens to nurture communities and lower the environmental footprint of the city , Pashon Murray said at the New America conference . Jonathan Mintz , the founding president and CEO of Cities for Financial Empowerment Fund , explained how his organization assists local governments to develop global partnerships that help lower - and middle-income Americans gain greater access to banking services . But many liberal Democrats are uneasy about embracing this trend . Since the New Deal in the 1930s , which followed the total collapse of the patchwork of local and state social welfare programs overwhelmed by the weight of the Great Depression , doing things at the national level has been seen as the only way to go . Only by making programs national could policymakers ensure that state and local government officials  particularly Southern Democrats who had little taste for giving benefits to African-Americans  could not distribute benefits only to certain portions of the population . Only the federal government had the taxing power necessary to sustain robust domestic initiatives . In this view , it was believed that only Washington policymakers could bring together the best and brightest minds to make sure that programs were designed and administered well . Only through centralized programs , could policymakers ensure that residents of one state did n't receive more meager benefits than in other places . Some programs , like climate change , can only work well if every state has to follow the rules . For the time being , liberals need to abandon that bias . Even if all the fears are warranted , right now there are enough benefits to justify more local programs . The most important obviously is simply practical . This is the only opportunity that liberals have right now of seriously moving forward with new ideas . Local and state politics are also proving to be arenas for great experimentation . This is one of the lessons of the 1910s and 1920s , when liberal activists in states such as New York and Wisconsin experimented with programs ranging from unemployment insurance to the regulation of work conditions . As Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis wrote , a "  state , may if its citizens choose , serve as a laboratory ; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country . " Local policymakers and experts developed these programs for many years before they were ever brought to the national stage . The result is that the policies were stronger and better tested , and some of the bad ideas had been discarded after it became clear they did n't work . When Franklin Roosevelt came to office in the 1930s , he looked to these programs for inspiration about what to do at the national level . The same was true in the 1960s when Lyndon Johnson and the Democratic Congress put together civil rights , anti-poverty and urban development programs that had been implemented at the state level . It was easier for federal officials to build support for their proposals when they could point to successful experiments . Voters could see how they could work and how some of the worst predictions of opponents had not come true . Conservatives have done the same in recent decades . When Republicans pushed for welfare reform in 1996 , they drew many ideas from local changes that had been put into place in states such as Wisconsin , which had received waivers from national requirements . The local arena is usually not ideal for creating big domestic policies since it depends on so many actors to sustain , since the politics of each region vary so greatly and since the financial muscle of smaller levels of government is much weaker . Outside Washington 's more conservative environment , political conditions in many parts of the United States are producing important opportunities for liberalism to flourish . This vibrant period of local policymaking will help to prepare the groundwork for the next moment -- like the early 1930s or mid-1960s or during the financial crisis of 2008-2010 -- when the doors for legislating will open in Washington .	Julian Zelizer : Washington is gridlocked and leans conservative But liberals can launch social programs at lower levels , Zelizer says Trying programs out locally can set groundwork for Washington action in coming years , he says
CNN  -- The security firm Blackwater USA is starting to resume normal operations in Iraq after a hiatus sparked by concerns among Iraqi and U.S. government officials over its actions . Blackwater USA contractors secure the site of a roadside bombing in Baghdad in July 2005 . Tom Casey , a State Department spokesman , said on Friday that Blackwater and two other security firms that provide protection for U.S. diplomats in Iraq are resuming civilian convoys on a case-by-case basis . All Blackwater USA operations in Iraq will be back to normal on Saturday , a highly placed industry source told CNN on Friday . A deadly shooting incident on Sunday prompted the Iraqi government to bar the firm from operating . The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad has been prohibiting staff-member trips by land outside the Green Zone amid investigations into the incident . The Iraqi government has said as many as 20 civilians were killed by gunfire from Blackwater USA contractors who were guarding a U.S. diplomatic convoy . Iraqi officials dispute the U.S. claim that the guards were responding to an attack . The Blackwater employees involved in the incident are still in Iraq , but those who fired weapons -- about a third of the guards -- were "  standing down , " said State Department spokesman Sean McCormack . Outside experts may be brought in to help review the "  protective service details " in Baghdad , McCormack said . Such details usually have 15 to 20 guards . The "  full , complete review " would look at rules of engagement and overall operations , with consultation with lawyers over what authority contractors operate under , he said . Sunday 's shooting has created new tension between the U.S. and Iraqi governments . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice expressed regret about the incident in a phone call to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and promised an open and transparent probe into what happened . Watch heavily armed private contractors at work in Iraq " "  It is extremely important to recognize we are doing important work  in Iraq  . We need protection for our diplomats and I am quite certain with good will we can resolve this , " Rice said . The U.S. State Department announced Wednesday the creation of a joint commission to examine issues of security and safety in the aftermath of the shooting incident . The commission , co-chaired by an American and an Iraqi with equal representation from both countries , will receive the results of the State Department investigation and the separate Iraqi investigation , Casey said . The commission will look at the Sunday incident and the broader issue of "  personal security details " and the use of private contractors to provide security in Iraq , he said . The commission "  is not an investigative body doing field forensics on this particular matter , " Casey said . "  The focus of this is to look not only at that incident but at the broader question ... and help us come up with joint recommendations . " In describing the actions of the private guards for the State Department in Iraq , McCormack said that since January 2007 there have been 1,800 movements outside the Green Zone . "  It is only a small fraction , a very small fraction , that has involved the use of force , " he said . Security duties of companies encompass certain geographic areas in Iraq : Blackwater guards State Department officials in the Baghdad region , Tricanopy operates in the south , and Dyncorp in the north . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Charley Keyes and Suzanne Simons contributed to this report .	State Department spokesman : Civilian convoys have resumed Firm to resume full operations Saturday , well-placed source says Iraqi government had banned Blackwater after Sunday shooting Company provides security for U.S. diplomatic corps in Iraq
CNN  -- People living in the Falkland Islands are voting in a referendum on their political status on Sunday and Monday at a time of heightened tensions between Argentina and Britain over their sovereignty . The two countries went to war over the territory , known to the Argentinians as Las Malvinas , in 1982 after the then-military government in Argentina landed troops on the islands . According to the Falklands legislative assembly , the vote is intended to affirm islanders ' desire to remain a self-governing territory of the United Kingdom and to reject claims of ownership by Argentina . The question put to voters is : "  Do you wish the Falkland Islands to retain their current political status as an Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom ? " The two-day referendum is supported by the British government . But the Argentinian Embassy in London said in a statement Friday that the referendum had no legitimacy , characterizing it as "  a further attempt by the British to manipulate the question of the Malvinas Islands . " Because the area around the Falklands is the subject of a sovereignty dispute , it argues , "  the United Kingdom has no right to alter the legal status of these territories , not even under the guise of a hypothetical ` referendum . ' " Argentina 's president condemns ` colonial rule ' In January , Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner wrote an open letter , published in the UK press , in which she called on Britain to hand back the islands and accused it of blatant colonialism . "  The Argentines on the Islands were expelled by the Royal Navy and the United Kingdom subsequently began a population implantation process similar to that applied to other territories under colonial rule , " she wrote . "  Since then , Britain , the colonial power , has refused to return the territories to the Argentine Republic , thus preventing it from restoring its territorial integrity . " She cited a 1965 U.N. resolution inviting the two countries to negotiate a solution to the sovereignty dispute and has called on the British to abide by the resolution . The British government rejected Fernandez 's call for negotiations , saying the Falkland Island residents have chosen to be British and "  have a right to self-determination as enshrined in the U.N. Charter . " The January statement added : "  There are three parties to this debate , not just two as Argentina likes to pretend . The islanders ca n't just be written out of history . "  As such , there can be no negotiations on the sovereignty of the Falklands Islands unless and until such time as the islanders so wish . " The British government accuses Buenos Aires of trying to "  coerce " the Falkland Island residents into becoming part of Argentina through intimidation of those involved in fishing and oil exploration , and efforts to isolate the remote islands even further by limiting access by sea . Long desired for its natural resources Located in the South Atlantic Ocean , about 480 kilometers  298 miles  east of the tip of South America , the Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources , including lucrative fisheries and a growing oil drilling industry . The islands , which raise their own taxes but rely on the United Kingdom for defense and foreign policy , are one of 14 British Overseas Territories and have been under British rule since 1833 . More than 2,500 people from more than 60 nations live and work there , according to the islands ' government website , as well as forces stationed at the British military 's Mount Pleasant Complex . Many Falkland Island residents are of British origin . War broke out over the territory in 1982 , when the then-Argentinian military government landed troops on the islands . Argentina put its death toll from the conflict at around 645 . Britain 's civil and military losses amounted to 255 . On its official website , the Falklands government rejects as false the Argentinian government claim that a civilian population was expelled by Britain in 1833 and argues for the inhabitants ' right to choose their path . "  The people expelled were an illegal Argentine military garrison , who had arrived three months earlier , " it says . "  The civilian population in the Islands , who had sought permission from Britain to live there , were invited to stay . All but two of them , with their partners , did so . "  We are not an implanted population . Our community has been formed through voluntary immigration and settlement over the course of nearly two hundred years . ... We are no more an implanted population than are the various populations of South America whose ancestors arrived as immigrants from Europe -- we arrived here as part of the same process and pattern of migration . " The islands are economically self-sufficient , the government says , except for the cost of defense needed as a result of "  the claim made by an aggressive neighbour . " "  The Falkland Islanders are a peaceful , hard-working and resilient people . Our society is thriving and forward-looking . All we ask is to be left in peace to choose our own future , and responsibly develop our home for our children and generations to come , " the government says . UK newspaper hits back over Argentinian claim to Falklands	Falkland Island residents are voting on whether to remain a British Overseas Territory Argentina , which knows the islands as Las Malvinas , disputes British sovereignty The UK government says the islanders have a right to self-determination Britain and Argentina went to war over the South Atlantic territory in 1982
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- In what appeared to be the most visible demonstration yet of this week 's G-20 summit , four people attached to a massive banner dangled from a Pittsburgh bridge Wednesday to protest the global economic meeting . Four people attached to a massive banner dangle from a Pittsburgh bridge Wednesday to protest the G-20 summit . The banner hung from the West End Bridge over the Ohio River and read like a road sign : "  Danger : Climate Destruction Ahead . Reduce CO2 Emissions Now . " Greenpeace , the environmental activist group , claimed responsibility for the stunt . On its Web site , the group said it wanted to send a message to G-20 leaders with the nearly 80-by-30-foot sign , calling for more attention to the issue of global climate change . "  It is also critical that G-20 leaders agree to kick-start economic recovery through clean energy investment , " said Damon Moglen , Greenpeace USA 's global warming campaign director , in a message posted on the group 's site . "  It is imperative that developed world leaders do not fail again in Pittsburgh . They must put money on the table to support developing countries . " Pittsburgh police arrested nine people in connection with the bridge incident , on charges that included possession of instruments of a crime , disorderly conduct , conspiracy and obstruction . A police spokesperson described the bridge demonstration as a "  very , very dangerous situation . " Police also stopped a second Greenpeace group with a banner from repelling off another bridge . Police arrested five people in connection with that incident . iReport.com : Are you in Pittsburgh ? The two-day Group of 20 summit , which is bringing leaders of the world 's industrialized nations to Pittsburgh , begins Thursday . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report	Greenpeace , the environmental activist group , claimed responsibility for the stunt Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , plays host this week to G-20 summit Police stopped a second Greenpeace group from rapelling off another bridge
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Perveen Crawford became Hong Kong 's first female pilot in 1995 and is soon to be Hong Kong 's first female astronaut when she blasts off to sub-orbital space as a paying customer on Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipOne . Po Toi O is in Clear Water Bay in the New Territories , Hong Kong . The Hong Kong socialite shows us around her city 's favorite haunts . For the best seafood in the city , Crawford recommends Po Toi O a small fishing village at Clear Water Bay in the New Territories , Hong Kong . At the village 's two seafood restaurants diners can sample the freshest fish picked from teeming water tanks and enjoy specialties such as fried mantis shrimp with peppery salt and fried rice with sea urchin . There 's also a 300-year-old temple in the village and hiking trails abound in the hills around the bay . Po Toi O is a 45-minute drive from Hong Kong Island and can be reached using minibus route 16 from Po Lam and by car along the Po Toi O Chuen road . Another of Hong Kong 's hidden gems is the retro-chic China Club on the 13th floor of the Old Bank of China building on Bank Street . The style is 1930s Shanghai with traditional furniture as well as contemporary Chinese art and dazzling views from the balcony . On the menu is traditional Chinese food  monosodium glutamate is completely banned  as well as Western tea , coffee and cakes during the day . China Club , The 13/F , The Old Bank of China Building , Bank Street , Central , Hong Kong . Telephone : 25218888 .	Perveen Crawford , Hong Kong 's first female pilot , shows us around her favorite spots For the best seafood try Po Toi O a small fishing village in the New Territories The retro-chic China Club in Central Hong Kong serves traditional Chinese food
The first official nuclear negotiations since Hassan Rouhani came to power in Iran have concluded in Geneva . And while the negotiations between Iran and the P5 +1 will continue in November , this week 's meetings have raised several crucial questions . Can these talks be characterized as positive diplomatic and political moves for all sides , including Iran , Britain , China , France , Russia , the United States and Germany ? And how can we characterize and analyze the Iranian presentation , titled "  Closing an unnecessary Crisis : Opening new horizons " , which aimed at proposing ways to address international concerns on Iranian programs in return for sanctions relief and international recognition of Iran 's right to enrich uranium ? Firstly , these two-day talks should be contextualized within the larger context of past and future negotiations between Iran , the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  , and the P5 +1 . These talks and first round of negotiations ought not be analyzed and viewed as the sole indicators of success or failure in the discussions on Iran 's nuclear enrichment and program . Without doubt , several indications from these first formal talks project a constructive image of the negotiations . Michael Mann , spokesman for Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's top foreign policy official and the lead negotiator in the talks , said that the Iranian proposal had been "  very useful ... For the first time , very detailed technical discussions continued this afternoon . " Other recent diplomatic progress can be seen at the bilateral meetings between the U.S. and Iranian delegations -- meetings that can be regarded as an extension of a potential U.S.-Iran rapprochement , Rouhani 's charm offensive , and the exchange of letters and pleasantries between Rouhani and Barack Obama . Despite being in the early stages , the talks seem to have been more of a success for Iran than the U.S. and its Western allies . Speaking in English and using PowerPoint to outline his proposal , the U.S.-educated foreign minister , Javad Zarif , created the first  and necessary  positive impression that would set the stage for future nuclear talks and the possible easing of sanctions that are crippling Iran 's economy . The Iranian lauded "  serious " talks that had been conducted in a "  highly positive atmosphere . " Iran has now made it much more difficult for the Western powers to make an effective case for further sanctions on Iran . The critical issue , however , is whether Iranian authorities as well as representatives of P5 +1 have achieved their major political and diplomatic objectives with regards to Tehran 's nuclear program . The significant complexities and nuances of the objectives of Iran , the IAEA , and P5 +1 have not yet been made clear based on these two-day talks in Geneva . Tehran 's fundamental aim is to ease the economic sanctions and put an end to the country 's prolonged economic isolation through a softening of its tone and making efforts to reach a resolution . The West 's major objective is to move from cautious optimism to confidence , with the ability to assert that Iran is not pursuing its nuclear program for weaponry but rather for peaceful purposes with full transparency . It remains to be seen whether Iran and the P5 +1 can achieve their goals in these talks , particularly at a time when the underlying political gap between the Iranian and Western stance on Tehran 's nuclear enrichment seems to be too deep to bridge . In these talks , Iran has clearly stated that it possess the right to continue enriching uranium according to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , with Western leaders pointing out that Iran ought to slow down or suspend its activities until a resolution is reached . The next round of negotiations will undoubtedly shed more light on the nuances and underlying complexities of the situation . Only then will we find out whether these talks marked a new chapter in Iran 's relationship with the West , or merely a disappointing continuation of the last one .	The talks seem to have been more of a success for Iran than the U.S. , writes Majid Rafizadeh Iran has made it much more difficult for Western powers to make a case for further sanctions , he says Rafizadeh : The West 's major objective is to move from cautious optimism to confidence
CNN  -- Years from now , historians are likely to look back upon Barack Obama 's second inaugural address as a rich treasure trove for understanding his presidency and possibly the course of American politics . It was n't as important for his rise to power as his 2004 address to the Democratic National Convention . That one propelled him onto the national stage . It was n't as elegant as his Philadelphia speech on race relations in the 2008 campaign . That one was his rhetorical masterpiece . But the second inaugural was far more important than either in defining his political philosophy as president . Politics : After inauguration , political reality returns to Washington Here 's a first rough draft of what historians may find significant : Obama revealed : The Obama who took the oath of office this week seemed not only more confident but also liberated . A central point of his address was that he inherited an economic crisis and two wars but now the nation is emerging into a clearing . This , he believes , is a golden opportunity for fresh action -- a moment to be seized . Left unspoken were two other reasons why he feels liberated : He clearly thinks he has shown the country that Republicans are n't willing to compromise , so that he has no choice but to try to muscle them . The GOP has now blinked twice on the fiscal cliff and the new debt ceiling ; he plans to make them keep blinking . Then , too , Obama is also freed up because he is no longer working under the shadow of the 2010 midterm elections when he was snookered . After his convincing win in 2012 , he is back on top politically . Opinion : Obama 's ringing defense of liberalism All of this has inspired the president to reveal to the world his true political philosophy : In one speech , he gave the strongest embrace of 20th-century liberalism since Lyndon Johnson and the Great Society . Yes , he gave a couple of bows to the importance of individual initiative and private enterprise , but the heart and soul of the address was a call to collective action on a wide array of fronts . Gone were the third way of Bill Clinton and the centrism of Jimmy Carter . He emerged as an unapologetic , unabashed liberal -- just what the left has long wanted him to be and exactly what the right has feared . Heir to Lincoln and King : A little more than three decades ago , Ronald Reagan moved the inaugural ceremony from the east side of the Capitol to the west . For Reagan , the symbolism was that of a Californian who wanted to give his inaugural address gazing out across the National Mall , the monuments and Arlington Cemetery toward the Pacific . But for Obama , the symbolism was very different : He was the president who looked west toward the monuments of Abraham Lincoln and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and his address artfully tied him to their legacy . The historian Garry Wills won a Pulitzer Prize some years ago with his book on Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address in 1863 . Wills argued that for most of America 's early history , people thought that the republic was born with the Constitution of 1787 and the Declaration of Independence was a secondary document . Opinion : Anti-government era is over Along came Lincoln at Gettysburg saying that the country was born "  four score and seven years ago " -- in 1776 with the declaration . In Wills ' view , now widely accepted , Lincoln at Gettysburg turned the declaration 's second paragraph into the founding creed of the country . What we must aspire to , Lincoln was saying , was to ensure that all are created equal . King came to the Lincoln Memorial 100 years later -- in 1963 -- to go back to Lincoln at Gettysburg and through him to the declaration . The nation , King said , must live up to the promise of equal opportunity -- and indeed , that was the dream he so eloquently expressed in the finest American speech since Gettysburg . Enter Obama at his second inaugural , not only on King 's official holiday but 50 years after "  I Have a Dream " and 150 years after Gettysburg . The president 's address begins with a recitation of the declaration , calls it our "  founding creed " and makes the aspiration of equal opportunity the central goal of his presidency . In the past , presidents at inaugurations have found the nation 's heroes among those who have died in battle . Obama chose a different path : He found the nation 's heroes at Seneca Falls , Selma and Stonewall . His philosophy , as we learned , is not just about government programs but about embracing inclusion and diversity . It was , I believe , his firmest attempt to build upon Lincoln and King -- and in effect , his address made him their modern heir . Opinion : GOP , play offense in Obama 's second term Setting a new course : A president 's inaugural address often sets the tone and direction of his next four years in office and nowhere may that be more true than with Obama 's second . His assertive address has heartened his supporters so that they seem ready to march into battle with him . They not only want him to succeed , but they now have an ambitious agenda to embrace as well . Smartly , the president 's team began putting together a new citizens group , Organizing for Action , just before the inauguration , and his speech was in effect a call to arms . Whether "  OFA " , as Democrats in Washington already call it , will work well with the Democratic Party is open to question , but it is clear that Obama & Co. intend to use it as an important way to rally public pressure on Congress for his agenda . On the other side of the aisle , many Republicans such as Eric Cantor were respectful of the president after his address but underneath most of them were bristling . They had expected the president to issue a ritualistic plea for bipartisanship and then to begin negotiating with them over federal deficits . Instead , he made it clear that he will work with them as long as they agree with him and try to run over them if they resist . From the GOP perspective , Obama was virtually dismissive of the nation 's fiscal threats and was n't interested in true negotiations . In a tweet after the speech , scholar Ian Bremmer captured their view of Obama 's message to the GOP : "  Together , we shall pursue my objectives . " Opinion : World to Obama -- You ca n't ignore us In short , the divisions in Washington may grow even deeper in the near term , if that is possible , and no one knows what will actually be accomplished . Among partisans on both sides , there is still a sense that a piece of gun control can be passed  starting with background checks  and perhaps a larger piece of immigration  starting with H-1B visas and legal status for the undocumented  . But serious action on climate change seems distant . More centrally , the parties seem even further apart on a budget agreement . The GOP is in no mood to revisit higher taxes and the president 's address gave a ringing endorsement to the basic structure of Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security . In short , the road ahead looks even rockier than it seemed after the elections . On the day before the inaugural , a New York Times article by Jodi Kantor reported that after the first term , Obama has warned possible candidates for his job that it is very difficult to get things done in Washington and that the president has a "  contracted sense of possibility . " He and his team are also aware that power seeps away quickly in a second term . How , one wondered , is it possible to reconcile those views with Obama 's decision to go big at the inaugural , pushing an extraordinarily ambitious agenda . That question still lingers after the inauguration . It is just possible that what he was ultimately doing in his address was to present the country with a liberal vision of the future and a legislative agenda to go with it -- something akin to what Franklin Roosevelt did in 1944 . FDR left behind a Democratic Party with a majority coalition and an agenda that drove American politics for more than 20 years . Is that the legacy that Obama really wants to leave ? Lincoln , King , FDR -- all rolled into one ? Only historians will know the answer for sure . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen says historians will look on Obama 's speech as an important source Obama seemed liberated to express his philosophy of government , he says Gergen says the president stressed equality in the tradition of Lincoln , King He says GOP is bristling at the speech , and it will likely deepen divisions in Washington
CNN  -- A 6-foot-4 football player is more than a million times the size of a typical Staphylococcus bacterium . But under the right conditions , that athlete could find himself defenseless against the microscopic bug . Kellen Winslow recently had a second staph infection and has accused his team of covering it up . The problem came to the forefront last week with Cleveland Browns player Kellen Winslow , who recently had his second staph infection . He is reportedly the sixth player to acquire staph among the Browns in five years . Winslow recently said the Browns treated him like a "  piece of meat " when he was hospitalized for the condition , and he claimed they covered up the cause of his illness . After Winslow spoke out , the organization suspended him for one game , then rescinded the suspension after a settlement with Winslow over the weekend . The Browns said in a statement Saturday that the team and Winslow had worked through their differences , and that the team looked forward to his return . Winslow joined the team again Monday . Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts was revealed to have a staph infection , the Indianapolis Star reported Friday . University of North Carolina-Asheville fans also recently learned that Kenny George , the 7-foot-7 center on the basketball team , had a staph infection complication that led to part of his foot being amputated . It 's unclear how these high-profile athletes acquired their infections , but locker rooms have been found to habor staph bacteria in previous outbreaks . The topic is generating buzz throughout the sports world as more players ' staph cases are revealed . Hospitals have long been known to be hot spots for transmitting staph , but recently cases have cropped up in other community settings . Regardless of where these players got their infections , the close quarters of a locker room raise questions about overall risks . About 30 percent of people carry staph in their noses without exhibiting symptoms , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Experts say Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , a form of staph resistant to common antibiotics , has become a more prevalent problem in settings such as contact sports that involve skin-to-skin touching . Most MRSA infections acquired in community settings present themselves as sores or boils and often appear red , swollen , painful or with drainage such as pus , the CDC says . Infections often occur in cuts and abrasions but also on body parts covered in hair , such as the back of the neck , armpit or groin . Schools , prisons and other crowded environments are particularly known for transmitting MRSA , said . Elaine Larson , professor of epidemiology at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health . MRSA may spread particularly easily among athletes because they have repeated skin-to-skin contact , share items and surfaces that touch skin and have a hard time staying clean , the CDC says . Athletes often get cuts and abrasions ; MRSA can enter uncovered skin breaks and cause infection . Dr. James Steinberg , medical director at Emory University 's Crawford Long Hospital in Atlanta , Georgia , said that environment plays a role in the spread of MRSA but that it 's less a factor than coming into contact with a person 's skin . "  If you have somebody who has an infection -- he has a draining infection -- and he gets some of his pus on a bench , that staph 's going to be there for hours or days before it dries out , " he said . "  But the higher concentration is going to be on that person 's skin . " A second infection in the same person could result from re-exposure or from treatment that did n't get rid of the bacteria colonization , he said . MRSA has been around in hospital settings since the 1970s , but community-associated MRSA was born in the late 1990s , and is now widespread in the community , said CDC spokesperson Nicole Coffin . A report from the CDC said that the deaths of four children from MRSA in North Dakota and Minnesota during the late 1990s "  demonstrate the potential severity of community-acquired MRSA infections . " A study on the St. Louis Rams published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2003 found that during the 2003 football season , there were eight MRSA infections among five of the 58 Rams players . To protect against MRSA , the CDC recommends practicing good personal hygiene and taking care of your skin , which includes wearing protective clothing and covering cuts and abrasions with clean , dry bandages . Also , do not share items that come into contact with your skin , such as towels , razors and ointments . Put something between your skin and shared equipment -- for example , sit on a towel on a bench . Larson said she is not directly familiar with Winslow 's situation but understands the dilemma that a team would face if a player contracted a staph infection . There could be economic and psychosocial repercussions -- for example , another team might not want to play against that one , she said . But in general , other team members should be made aware of the situation so they do not share towels or engage in other behaviors that might transmit the infection . Still , there is a danger of overreaction , she said . In some instances when a child in a public school has died , the whole school panicked and fumigated the facility , she said . "  It 's a good idea to avoid that level of fear , because it 's costly and it scares people unnecessarily , " she said . On Thursday , the Brown 's General Manager Phil Savage said the team did not alert players to Winslow 's staph infection partly because of the health privacy laws and partly because the team was in "  game mode " when Winslow had a confirmed diagnosis . "  To come out and talk about that just was going to be another distraction , " Savage said on his regular weekly appearance on WTAM radio in Cleveland , Ohio . "  That 's our job , is to limit distractions as much as we can . " Winslow said in a statement released through his publicist , Denise White of EAG Sports Management , that he had been discouraged from making the issue public . "  This has nothing to do with football , and this has nothing to with my current contract situation , " he said . "  This is a health concern . " A spokesperson for the Browns did not return a request for comment . An NFL representative said the league has no statement on the issue .	Several professional athletes have recently had staph infections Experts say it is a growing problem in settings that involve skin-to-skin touching CDC : Do n't share towels ; put something between your skin and the bench Cleveland Browns ' Kellen Winslow brought issue to forefront
CNN  -- A few years ago a group of us were having dinner at a steakhouse , and among the people at the table were the terrific sports columnist Mike Downey and his wife , Gail Martin . The manager of the place came over to say hello ; introductions were made . At one point in the evening I was making my way to the men 's room and ran into the manager again . I said to him , "  That Gail Martin you met ? I think you 're probably familiar with her late father . " "  Who was her dad ? " the man said . "  His first name was Dean , " I said . Within minutes the taped music that had been playing in the restaurant stopped , and a new tape was substituted -- a Dean Martin tape . Any steakhouse worthy of the name has his music on hand . There it was , coming out of the ceiling : "  You 're nobody till somebody loves you . ... " And just the sound of it -- just that instantly recognizable deep tremolo of Martin 's voice , so warm and easy and seemingly effortless -- had an effect on the room . It was as if someone had sprayed some kind of invisible muscle relaxant into the air . People visibly loosened up , they smiled a little more , it was like a friend had arrived and had said : Quit worrying about things . Life does n't have to be so serious . He 's been gone for more than 16 years now -- he died on Christmas Day , 1995 -- yet he seems to get only bigger as the years go by . I 've been noticing it in recent days : That voice keeps drifting out of radios , out of television sets , out of hidden speakers in malls and coffee shops and clothing stores ... it 's as if his voice , and his face , have by some sort of silent national acclamation been voted the quasi-official antidote for tense times . In a lousy mood ? That changes as soon as you hear : "  When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie . ... " The coolness of Dean Martin seamlessly crosses generations ; young guys heading for a weekend in Las Vegas with their buddies understand his appeal just as viscerally as their grandparents do . He never , in life , actively campaigned for this role -- the eternal model of coolness -- and in death it has just seemed to be bestowed upon him naturally . His friend Frank Sinatra may have liked the image of being Chairman of the Board , but the core of Martin 's enduring allure is that not only did he not want to be chairman , he did n't even want to serve on the board : It would mean that he would be cooped up in some boardroom for meetings when he 'd rather be out playing golf . The sight of him in a tuxedo -- he wore it as comfortably as most men wear a pair of pajamas -- says to people who were n't even born when he was at the height of his fame : Take a deep breath and let yourself grin . Your problems can wait until tomorrow . He did n't like to rehearse , his friends said , because he knew he would do just fine without it . As he grew older he did n't feel the need to endlessly seek out applause , because he had been so famous for so long -- his nightclub and motion picture partnership with Jerry Lewis , his own movie career , the Rat Pack years , his success as the host of his television shows , his sold-out concerts -- that he 'd heard enough ovations to last a lifetime . His ease onstage made his audiences feel at ease , too ; he seemed as at home in front of a packed Vegas concert crowd as he was in the den of his own house  his line at catching his first glimpse of an audience : "  How did all these people get in my room ? "  . It had been a while since I 'd talked with Gail Martin , but I called her the other evening , and she told me that , like the rest of us , she is forever encountering her dad 's voice unexpectedly in public places : "  It 's always reassuring , it 's always nice . I was in a store one holiday season , and there was a Christmas tape playing . A choir of some sort was singing a Christmas carol , and that ended and then there was my dad : ` Oh , the weather outside is frightful ... ' I just smiled a quiet smile . He 's always there . " She said the reason he appeared so relaxed while working was because it was n't an act . "  Nothing seemed to bother him . And if something ever did , he sure was n't going to bother anyone else with it . " She said that when she was a girl and was in a bad mood at home , her dad , in that voice of voices , would say to her , without a bit of rancor : "  Go up to your room if you 're going to pout . Come on back down when you 're happier . " In Florida the other night I was walking along the street and thought I heard him singing . It was a restaurant with an outdoor terrace ; a local duo -- they billed themselves as Frank and Dean â $ " was performing in front of one of those digital music machines that can replicate the sound of a full orchestra . The shorter of the two was singing Sinatra songs , the taller was doing Dean Martin . The physical resemblance was n't really there , but the songs were right . Whenever it became the Dean imitator 's turn for a tune , he would jack the vibrato in his vocals into overdrive : "  Everybody loves somebody sometime ... " And the thing is , the people at the cafe were gravitating toward him . They were on their feet , beaming , moving closer to the microphone , some of them dancing , some just blissfully staring , seduced by the sound . The singer looked as if he was accustomed to getting this reaction . It turns out that it 's cool to be Dean Martin even when you 're not really Dean Martin . Ai n't that a kick in the head ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says the coolness of Dean Martin seamlessly crosses generations He says the crooner 's calm , cool delivery slows everything down Greene : Martin 's ease on stage made audiences feel at ease too
CNN  -- More than one speaker at the Democratic National Convention alleged this week that a Mitt Romney presidency would spell financial ruin for Medicare in four years . The claim stems from earlier projections , made before the Democrats ' health care reform law was passed in 2010 , that Medicare 's hospital insurance trust fund would be insolvent before the end of this decade . Former President Bill Clinton led the way Wednesday , saying that the Democrat-backed Affordable Care Act bought time for Medicare and made it financially solid until 2024 . He said Romney , who wants to repeal the act , would reverse this gain and make Medicare "  go broke in 2016 . " Fact Check : The not-so-empty factory The statements : "  So , if  Romney is  elected and if he does what he promised to do , Medicare will now go broke in 2016 . Think about that . That means , after all , we wo n't have to wait until their voucher program kicks in , in 2023 , to see the end of Medicare as we know it . " -- Former President Bill Clinton , Wednesday "  The plan  Romney is  proposing would cause Medicare to go bankrupt by 2016 . " -- Vice President Joe Biden , Thursday The facts : We 'll look first at Medicare 's financial situation and then Romney 's plan . When officials talk of Medicare insolvency , they 're talking specifically about the trust fund for Medicare 's hospital insurance , or Medicare Part A , which covers inpatient hospital stays , care at a nursing facility , hospice care and some home health care . The other parts of Medicare , though costs are rising , are "  adequately financed " for now , the program 's trustees say . The Part A fund 's overseers -- the Boards of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance and Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Funds -- said back in 2009 , before the Affordable Care Act passed , that the banked money used to make up the difference between income  such as taxes  and expenses for Part A would be depleted in 2017 . But then the Affordable Care Act passed . The trustees reported that the act 's lower expenditures  cutting rates to providers  and increased revenues  a payroll tax hike for wealthier people in 2013  "  improves the financial outlook for Medicare substantially . " The trustees reported in 2010 that health care reform would delay the Part A trust fund 's insolvency until 2029 . By 2011 , the trustees moved that insolvency estimate back to 2024 . By that date , the trust fund would be depleted . But that does n't mean the Medicare Part A program would collapse . Revenues would be able to pay for most of the costs . The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , which administers the program , said this year : "  Projected  trust fund  revenue would be adequate to cover 87 % of estimated expenditures in 2024 and 67 % of projected costs in 2050 . " And even if it got to that point -- in 2016 , 2024 or whenever -- it 's highly unlikely that Congress would n't step in to prevent any shortfall . The center put it this way : "  In practice , Congress has never allowed a Medicare trust fund to exhaust its assets . " That would be nothing to cheer , as it could mean even greater budget deficits . In an April 2012 paper arguing that claims that Medicare is nearing bankruptcy are misleading , the liberal-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities says that Medicare nonetheless "  faces serious financing challenges in order to make the  Part A  trust fund solvent over the long term and to reduce unsustainable federal budget deficits that are driven in part by Medicare 's rising costs . " But both the Congressional Research Service and the CBPP have noted that trustees have warned of pending insolvency for the past four decades , with reports varying from two years away to 28 years . "  But Medicare benefits have always been paid because Congress has taken steps to keep spending and resources in balance in the near term , " the CBPP said in its April report . As for the present situation , one of the trustees , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , said that without the health care reform , Medicare Part A would only be able to pay costs in full until 2016 , CNNMoney reported . So , where does Romney come in ? Romney calls for repealing the Affordable Care Act . He also wants to set up a "  premium support system " for Medicare , meaning seniors would get vouchers to buy coverage from either private insurance providers or a government-run Medicare insurance plan . Romney 's campaign says the voucher plan would n't affect "  seniors or those nearing retirement " -- meaning it would n't go into effect for years . A similar plan championed by his running mate , U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan , would go into effect in 2023 . The GOP presidential nominee , while not necessarily adopting all of his running mate 's plan , has said it "  makes important strides in the right direction . " Paul Van de Water , a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , told CNN on Thursday that repealing the health care reform law would , by itself , return the insolvency date of the Part A trust fund to 2016 . If Romney also delays the voucher program so that it wo n't affect soon-to-be retirees , it will have no effect on the 2016 insolvency date , Van de Water said by phone . "  As long as he sticks with that  delay  , then the premium-support proposal has no effect within the relevant time period , " Van de Water said . Still , as Medicare 's administrators have said , it 's highly unlikely that Congress would n't move to patch up the trust fund past 2016 . "  I presume that , at the end of the day , if Gov. Romney were elected president , he would figure out some way to make sure that the trust fund did n't become insolvent in 2016 . But the question is , how would he do it ? Because his specific proposal  repealing the Affordable Care Act  makes the financing problem worse , rather than better . " University of North Carolina professor Jonathan Oberlander , a Medicare historian , said that repealing the Affordable Care Act "  would in fact worsen Medicare 's financial condition " and move up the projected date for the Part A trust fund 's insolvency . But "  Medicare is not going bankrupt , " he said . "  It would have a projected shortfall in the hospital trust fund and you would need to make changes to address that shortfall , " Oberlander said . "  But Medicare would still have most of the necessary funds to pay those expenses , and other parts of the program would be unaffected . Medicare wo n't go bankrupt in the literal sense in 2016 or 2024 or 2064 -- or ever . " Van de Water said there were n't enough details about Romney 's plan to project whether his voucher plan would help the trust fund 's solvency long-term . But he did say that under the Ryan plan , the rate of Medicare spending growth per person "  is somewhat less than what is expected under current law . " "  It would reduce Medicare spending , and so it would improve Medicare solvency . But it shifts costs to beneficiaries , " Van de Water said . Consumer advocates worry that seniors would wind up paying much more for care under the Ryan plan . They point to a Congressional Budget Office report that shows spending would be between 35 % and 42 % lower for new enrollees under the Ryan plan versus traditional Medicare , CNNMoney reported . When asked for a response to Clinton 's criticism , Romney spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg wrote that under President Barack Obama 's current plan , "  Medicare will go bankrupt in 2024 . " "  Mitt Romney has a plan for Medicare that protects it for today 's seniors and strengthens it for future generations , " she wrote in an e-mail . The Romney campaign also accuses Obama of taking $ 716 billion out of Medicare to pay for the Affordable Care Act . Romney 's campaign got the $ 716 billion figure from a July 24 Congressional Budget Office report , which measured the impact of repealing the health care overhaul . But the report also notes that the projected $ 716 billion increase in Medicare spending if the measure is repealed does not signal a $ 716 billion decrease if the measure stays in place -- which is Romney 's argument . Conclusion : A repeal of the Affordable Care Act -- counting no other action -- may worsen Medicare 's financial situation and move up the projected insolvency date of Part A 's trust fund from 2024 to 2016 . But experts agree that other moves would be on the table . While it 's conceivable that Romney 's Medicare plans as stated would n't be implemented in time to counter the 2016 projection specifically , it 's highly unlikely that no action would be taken to shore up the fund in the interim . Fact Check : Clinton arithmetic holds up on jobs CNN 's Jason Hanna , Emily Smith , Caleb Silver and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Clinton : Democrat-backed Affordable Care Act bought time for Medicare and made it financially solid until 2024 Romney wants to set up a "  premium support system " for Medicare , with vouchers to buy coverage Repealing and maintaining the Affordable Cart Act both have consequences
CNN  -- How do two convicted murderers walk out of prison ? Too easily , it appears . Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins were free for some time , though this fact did n't become public knowledge until this week . As Florida authorities looked for the two men , they also insisted they are n't to blame -- even if others dropped the ball or were fooled in a big , big way . "  We 've had a system failure that resulted in two individuals being erroneously released , " Orange County , Florida , Sheriff Jerry Demings said . " ... This is very frustrating for all of us who work in the system . " The sheriff said Friday evening the two were thought to be in the Orlando area . In fact , they ended up getting caught Saturday evening about 360 miles to the northwest at a Panama City motel , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement announced . The two fugitives , both 34 , had n't needed a Hollywood-style jailbreak or even a "  Get Out Of Jail Free " card to spring themselves out of the Franklin Correctional Institution . Instead they used forged documents indicating their life sentences had been modified and they could leave . The legal-looking documents contained bogus reproductions of several key players ' signatures , including those of the Orlando-area state attorney or the assistant state attorney and Judge Belvin Perry . They bore the seal of the Orange County clerk of court 's office . The documents were processed by the state Department of Corrections and the men were released . Processing the paper work is more akin to data entry than high-level analysis or approval , noted veteran Florida criminal defense attorney Mark O'Mara . "  However it was done , it was well-planned and they know the system well enough to place it , " said O'Mara , a CNN legal analyst known for representing George Zimmerman . As well as those behind the convicts ' release might have executed their scheme , some think others in authority could have done better , but the agencies involved are defending their actions . The orders to release Walker and Jenkins looked legitimate , said Ninth Circuit State Attorney Jeffrey L. Ashton . The county clerk of court 's office did n't do anything wrong , spokeswoman Leesa Bainbridge said . It acts "  like a post office , " Bainbridge said , "  Our role is to take orders and send them to the appropriate agency . " That last agency , the state Department of Corrections , is throwing up its hands as well . The court passed along documentation indicating the two murderers ' sentences had been changed , and "  it 's not our job to question what the court does , " said Department of Corrections spokeswoman Misty Cash . "  The fault does not lie on us . No one is getting in trouble here for what happened , " she said . Whoever is to blame , the price is being paid . Law enforcement officials worked overtime to try to find Walker and Jenkins , with a reward of $ 10,000 apiece being offered for information leading to their capture . The relatives of the men 's victims were angry , scared and wanted an explanation . And while Demings said Friday he did n't know of any similar premature releases of inmates , O'Mara said that given how smoothly this plan worked , how readily available court documents are in Florida , and how seemingly simple it was to pull off , it would be naive to think this has n't happened before , freeing other convicts well before their time was served . "  I doubt it happens very much , because this is very unusual , " said O'Mara . "  But this could have gone for 10 years or more . " Sentenced to life without parole , then set free In September 1998 , Joseph I. Jenkins killed Roscoe Pugh Jr. during a home-invasion robbery attempt . Six months later , Cedric Slater was gunned down on an Orlando street corner -- shot dead , a jury determined , by Charles B. Walker . Both killers were convicted and sentenced to life behind bars without the possibility of parole within two years of their crime . While it 's not known if they knew each other , they were at the same prison in North Carrabelle , in Florida 's Panhandle . Jenkins left there on September 27 , and Walker left on October 8 , according to authorities . They had motions indicating the sentences had been reduced , as well as court orders granting the request . Investigators later discovered these documents were forged . Asked how someone might replicate the documents , O'Mara noted that court filings in Florida cases are available online , so they might be mimicked by "  anybody with a little common sense , " access to a word processing tool and the gall to replicate signatures seen on those records . There might have been a screw-up , but Cash said there is no "  cover-up " at the Department of Corrections . That agency 's chief , Michael Crews , has promised a "  vigorous and thorough review " to make sure others were n't also wrongly freed . "  This will be a lesson learned for all involved . We may now look more closely at what the court sends , " Cash said . "  Our system is being accused , and people are being led to believe that the DOC let these guys walk out the front door , and that 's just not the case . " There 's good reason to question , and change , the system , O'Mara said . Whereas victims are notified before a defendant 's pretrial release , there 's no such notice -- even to prosecutors -- before a convict walks free , he pointed out . In fact , the first that prosecutors got wind of what happened was after they were contacted by a member of Walker 's family , Ashton said . An October 8 letter from the Department of Corrections to Slater 's mother , Evangelina Kearse , notified her a "  court order and amended sentence caused  Walker 's  sentence to expire . " "  Please be aware that recent actions causing the release of this offender are beyond our control . Nevertheless , we apologize for the delay in this message , " it said . It does n't have to be this way , O'Mara said . "  Let not only the victim 's family know well ahead of time , then send it to the state 's attorney , " he said , surmising prosecutors as well as victims wo n't let mistakes by so easily . " ... That 's an easy fix . " Not the first case , perhaps not the last One irony is that Florida authorities were completely ignorant that such ruses can work . On October 7 , charging documents were filed against another inmate , Jeffrey Forbes , for allegedly trying a similar scheme in 2011 . Forbes is accused of forgery and attempted escape after a police detective who initially helped convict the man discovered he was scheduled to be released despite being sentenced to life in prison for the attempted first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer , according to Ashton 's statement . The investigation revealed that someone had forged Ashton 's name on a bogus court order reducing the sentence and a circuit court judge 's name on the order reducing Forbes ' life sentence , the statement said . Nonetheless , Walker was freed thanks to his own forged documents the very next day -- October 8 . Both he and Jenkins appeared to play by the rules afterward . They both went to the Orange County jail to register as felons -- Jenkins on September 30 , Walker on October 11 -- an audacious "  and really smart move " by both men , because it bought them time before authorities were tipped off anything was awry , O'Mara said . While their releases may have initially seemed legitimate and innocuous , the two convicts had been classified as escapees by this week . One of the officials whose signature was forged said he would n't be surprised if something like this happens again . It may not work exactly the same way , but it would be unwise to assume criminals wo n't try whatever they can to get out of prison , said Judge Perry . "  People , particularly people with criminal minds , come up with ingenious ways to beat the system , " Perry said . "  They have nothing but time on their hands to think of things . " CNN 's Joseph Netto , Chelsea J. Carter , Eliot McLaughlin , Kevin Conlon , John Zarrella and Kim Segal contributed to this report .	NEW : The 2 fugitives are arrested in a Panama City motel , state agency says Authorities : Forged documents helped free murderers Charles Walker , Joseph Jenkins "  We 've had a system failure , " says Florida sheriff leading hunt for 2 fugitives Their release raises questions that others may used illicit documents to get out of prison
CNN  -- International flights gradually resumed at Kenya 's main airport Thursday after a blaze sent orange flames shooting in the air and brought East Africa 's largest aviation hub to a standstill . There were no reports of casualties in the Wednesday blaze at Nairobi 's Jomo Kenyatta International Airport . A day after the fire started , airport officials said they have set up tents to temporarily service the international area . Several flights , including from London , Thailand and Uganda , landed at the airport as it slowly came back to life , airport authorities said . Other international flights took off from the airport , including to South Sudan and South Africa , the Kenya Airports Authority tweeted . It also reported departures and arrivals of local flights . The blaze destroyed large parts of the international terminal , leaving the arrivals section in charred ruins and strewn with debris . Chunks of corrugated metal hung from the roof after it caved in . Officials gingerly walked through the ruins , ducking the mangled rubble . No further details have emerged on the cause of the fire , which erupted at dawn Wednesday and raged for hours before it was contained . "  The cause of the fire is being investigated . There is no reason to speculate at this point . There was no loss of life , " said Manoah Esipisu , a government spokesman . Flights were rerouted to airports in Mombasa and Eldoret , and also to neighboring nations . The fire briefly rekindled early Thursday morning , but officials said it was put out . More international services are expected to resume Thursday , said Michael Kamau , the nation 's transportation and infrastructure secretary . The blaze shut down East Africa 's busiest airport and was a major blow to tourism , a major source of revenue for the nation . The effects of the fire may also reverberate worldwide -- the nation distributes flowers and agricultural products to Europe thorough the airport . A third of all flowers in Europe come from Kenya , with a special emphasis on rose production . The Kenya Flower Council advised growers to hold back the cutting of their products until airport operations are resolved . Kenya is East Africa 's largest economy and has made a big push to carve out its space in the global market . Tea , horticulture and tourism all bring in about $ 1 billion in revenue each year . The airport also offers connections to Europe , the Middle East and other African nations , with about 16,000 passengers passing through daily , officials said . After a visit to the scene Wednesday , President Uhuru Kenyatta reassured travelers and the aviation industry that the nation is doing everything to ensure a return to normalcy , the government spokesman said . Some witnesses said the fire began in the customs section , while others said it started in the duty-free area , parts of which had been demolished as part of airport construction last week . U.S. President Barack Obama offered America 's support to the nation after the fire , which occurred on the 15th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . In a call to Kenyatta , Obama expressed condolences to the loved ones of those killed and wounded in the terror attacks , and highlighted his commitment to fighting terrorism , the White House said in a prepared statement . In the 1998 near-simultaneous attacks , 224 people died and about 4,500 were wounded . The fire also came days after the United States issued a worldwide travel alert and closed embassies and consulates in large areas of the Middle East and Africa , though Kenya and Tanzania were not among them . CNN 's Lillian Leposo and John Defterios contributed to this report .	NEW : Airport officials say they 've set up tents to service the international area The fire at the main Kenyan airport destroyed the international terminal It forced the closure of the airport after ravaging the international arrivals section No casualties were reported
CNN  -- You might think of black holes as indiscriminate eaters , hungrily gobbling up everything in their vicinity . But the black hole at the center of our Milky Way galaxy , Sagittarius A * , is not exactly like this , new research suggests . Instead , this black hole -- and likely other black holes in the centers of galaxies -- must spit out a lot in order to swallow a little . It 's been a mystery why black holes at the centers of galaxies in the present universe appear so much dimmer than quasars , extremely bright objects from the early universe that have black holes at their centers , too . As Albert Einstein noted in his famous formula E = mcÂ ² , energy is equivalent to mass times the speed of light squared . In a black hole , crushed mass gets converted into energy . Black holes in quasars eat a lot , creating the spectacular brightness associated with them . But we do n't find as much radiation emanating from Sagittarius A * , or other black holes in the centers of galaxies in the present universe . So what 's going on ? Is the hot gas that Sagittarius A * is eating just not radiating as much as the colder gas that quasars capture ? To find out , researchers used NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory to take X-ray images and capture other signature of energy . The study is published in the journal Science , and led by Q. Daniel Wang , astrophysicist at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst . Sagittarius A * has about 4 million times the mass of the sun . It is located 26,000 light years from Earth . That 's still super far , as one light year is about 5.9 trillion miles , but it 's close enough that human technology can help us see what 's happening to the matter around it . The gas swirling around this black hole has a temperature of millions of degrees . Based on these new observations , researchers suggest less than 1 % of the material that the black hole 's gravity pulls near actually gets sucked in to the "  point of no return , " which is called the event horizon . Instead , a lot of it gets spat back out . That 's why the X-ray emission from the black hole is faint ; in theory , the radiation output would be stronger if the black hole were swallowing more . "  Less than 1 % of matter will be actually sacrificed for the freedom of 99 % of gas , " Wang said . "  So , 99 % of gas can escape from the capture of the black hole . " Why is that the case ? It appears that in order to be gobbled for good by the black hole , material must lose heat and angular momentum , which is a measurement of how an object or system rotates around a particular axis . The temperature is important because hotter material is harder to pin down , even for a black hole . Wang uses the analogy of a sink : You can pour cold water in and watch it spiral down a drain , but if it 's steam , far less will actually go in ; the water particles are more diffuse and energetic . According to Wang and colleagues , the black hole needs to throw out more than 99 % of the material in order to accomplish this . That ejected 99 % , in turn , heats up the environment around it , which affects the evolution of the galaxy as a whole . Cold and dense gas goes down easier into the black hole , though , and a black hole may sometimes capture a lot of it . This is the gas that tends to form a disk , called an accretion disk , around the black hole . In the accretion disk , the gas 's energy and angular momentum dissipate , so more of it is swallowed up by the black hole . There was more cold and dense gas in the early universe , so black holes at that time were better at accumulating material this way . That 's why we find quasars in the early universe that are so much brighter than Sagittarius A * . Quasar -- galactic beauty , deadly beast -- discovered 50 years ago The research is important because a galaxy such as ours is intimately linked with the black hole at its center . The more massive the black hole , the more massive the surrounding galaxy is , scientists have found . "  Understanding how the black hole grows with time and how the black hole ejects matter and energy back into the galaxy has strong implications for understanding how galaxies form and evolve , " Wang said . "  That , of course , directly affects how stars form and evolve . " Dieters , take note : Our galaxy may have gotten to be the way it is by consuming small portions . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Black hole at center of Milky Way ejects more than 99 % of material for the 1 % it captures This has to do with temperature and angular momentum of gas in its surroundings In the early universe , there was a greater abundance of cold , dense gas
